（Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability）
Contents
 2   Corporate Information

 4   Financial Highlights

 5   Corporate Overview

 8   Management Discussion and Analysis

23   Corporate Governance and Other Information

34   Independent Review Report of Interim Financial Information

35   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

36   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

37   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

39   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

40   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

42   Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

66   Definitions
    Corporate Information


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                      NOMINATION COMMITTEE

    Executive Directors                                     Ms. Zhong Huijuan (鍾慧娟) (Chairlady)
                                                            Mr. Lin Guoqiang (林國強)
    Ms. Zhong Huijuan (鍾慧娟)                                 Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉)
      (Chairlady and Chief Executive Officer)
    Ms. Sun Yuan (孫遠)                                       JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Dr. Lyu Aifeng (呂愛鋒)
                                                            Ms. Zhong Shengli (鍾勝利)
    Independent Non-executive Directors                     Ms. Tam Sze Wai Sara (譚思慧) 1
                                                            Ms. Wong Yuen Ki (黃浣琪) 1
    Mr. Lin Guoqiang (林國強)
    Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉)                       AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤)
                                                            Ms. Sun Yuan (孫遠)
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                         Ms. Tam Sze Wai Sara (譚思慧) 1
                                                            Ms. Wong Yuen Ki (黃浣琪) 1
    Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉) (Chairman)
    Mr. Lin Guoqiang (林國強)                                  LISTING INFORMATION
    Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤)
                                                            Ordinary Shares
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                                            Stock Code: 3692
    Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤) (Chairlady)
    Ms. Zhong Huijuan (鍾慧娟)                                 Convertible Bonds
    Mr. Lin Guoqiang (林國強)                                  US$600,000,000 zero-coupon convertible
                                                            bonds due in 2026 issued on January 22, 2021
    STRATEGY AND DEVELOPMENT COMMITTEE                      The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                                            Convertible Bonds Code: 40546
    Ms. Zhong Huijuan (鍾慧娟) (Chairlady)
    Dr. Lyu Aifeng (呂愛鋒)
    Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉)
    Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤)

    ESG COMMITTEE

    Dr. Lyu Aifeng (呂愛鋒) (Chairman)
    Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤)
    Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉)




    1
         Ms. Tam Sze Wai Sara resigned as the joint company secretary, authorized representative and process agent
         of the Company with effect from January 24, 2025. Ms. Wong Yuen Ki was appointed as the joint company
         secretary, authorized representative and process agent of the Company with effect from January 24, 2025.


2   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Information


REGISTERED OFFICE IN THE CAYMAN ISLANDS                     CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE
                                                            REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
P.O. Box 309, Ugland House
Grand Cayman, KY1-1104                                      Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
Cayman Islands                                              P.O. Box 1093, Boundary Hall
                                                            Cricket Square
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS AND HEAD                        Grand Cayman, KY1-1102
OFFICE IN THE PRC                                           Cayman Islands

No. 287 Xiangke Road                                        HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Pudong New Area                                             TRANSFER OFFICE
Shanghai
The PRC                                                     Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                                            17/F, Far East Finance Centre
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG 2                  16 Harcourt Road
                                                            Hong Kong
Room 1928, 19/F, Lee Garden One
33 Hysan Avenue                                             PRINCIPAL BANK
Causeway Bay
Hong Kong                                                   Lianyungang Branch of the Bank of Communications
                                                            No.45 Huanghe Road
AUDITOR                                                     Economic & Technical Development Zone
                                                            Lianyungang
Ernst & Young                                               Jiangsu
Certified Public Accountants                                The PRC
27/F, One Taikoo Place
979 King’s Road                                             COMPANY ’ S WEBSITE
Quarry Bay
Hong Kong                                                   www.hspharm.com

HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISOR

Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton (Hong Kong)
37/F, Hysan Place
500 Hennessy Road
Causeway Bay
Hong Kong




2
     Change of address took effect from January 10, 2025.

                                                                                          2025 INTERIM REPORT   3
    Financial Highlights


    For the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group recorded the following unaudited results:

    •     Revenue was approximately RMB7,434 million, representing an increase of approximately 14.3%
          compared with the corresponding period of the previous year;

    •     Revenue of innovative drugs and collaborative products amounted to approximately RMB6,145
          million, representing an increase of approximately 22.1% compared with the corresponding period
          of the previous year, and its proportion of total revenue increased to approximately 82.7%;

    •     R&D expenditure was approximately RMB1,441 million, representing an increase of approximately
          20.4% compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, and accounted for
          approximately 19.4% of the revenue;

    •     Profit was approximately RMB3,135 million, representing an increase of approximately 15.0%
          compared with the corresponding period of the previous year;

    •     Basic earnings per share was approximately RMB0.53, representing an increase of approximately
          14.8% compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.

    The increase in revenue, profit and basic earnings per share during the Reporting Period was primarily
    due to the increase in revenue of innovative drugs and collaborative products.

    The Board has declared the payment of an interim dividend of HK$23.16 cents per share for the six
    months ended June 30, 2025.




4   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Overview


The Company is a leading innovation-driven pharmaceutical enterprise in China. With the mission of
“continuous innovation for better life”, the Company focuses on major disease therapeutic areas such
as oncology, anti-infectives, CNS, metabolism and autoimmunity. The Company has launched seven
innovative drugs that generate product sales in the PRC, forming a rich product pipeline. For the six
months ended June 30, 2025, the revenue of innovative drugs and collaborative products amounted to
approximately RMB6,145 million and accounted for approximately 82.7% of the revenue, becoming a
core driver for sustainable growth of the Group’s performance.

The major achievements during the Reporting Period were as follows:

In January 2025, GSK, the Group’s collaborator, received the FDA Breakthrough Therapy Designation for
GSK5764227 (Company code HS-20093), the B7-H3-targeted ADC being evaluated for the treatment of
adult patients with relapsed or refractory osteosarcoma (bone cancer) who have progressed on at least
two prior lines of therapy.

In February 2025, based on the positive results from the global pivotal phase III MITIGATE trial on
XINYUE (昕越 ®) (Inebilizumab Injection), the new indication of the treatment of IgG4-RD of the product
has been included in the Priority Review and Approval Procedure by the NMPA. In March 2025, BLA of
this indication was accepted by the NMPA.

In February 2025, the Category 1 small molecule BTKi HS-10561 capsules, which is jointly developed by
the Group and Lupeng Pharma, obtained a clinical trial approval issued by the NMPA, which is intended
to be investigated in clinical trials for chronic spontaneous urticaria.

In February 2025, the NMPA listed the Group’s self-developed B7-H3-targeted ADC HS-20093 for
injection as a BTD Drug, with the proposed indication for the treatment of patients with osteosarcoma
who have progressed on at least two prior lines of therapy.

In March 2025, Ameile (阿美樂 ®) (Aumolertinib Mesilate Tablets), an innovative drug of the Group, was
granted drug registration approval by the NMPA, approving the addition of an indication: for the treatment
of patients with locally advanced, unresectable NSCLC whose disease has not progressed following
definitive platinum-based chemoradiotherapy whose tumors have EGFR exon 19 deletions or exon 21
(L858R) substitute mutations. This is the third indication of Ameile which has been approved. In May
2025, Ameile was granted another drug registration approval by the NMPA, approving the addition of an
indication: for the treatment of adult patients with stage II to IIIB NSCLC whose tumors have EGFR exon
19 deletions or exon 21 (L858R) substitute mutations, and who have undergone tumor resection with or
without prior adjuvant chemotherapy as determined by their physician. This is the fourth indication of
Ameile which has been approved.

In April 2025, HS-20122 for injection, which is an ADC of the Group, obtained a clinical trial approval
issued by the NMPA, which is intended to be investigated in clinical trials for advanced solid tumors,
including NSCLC, head and neck squamous cell carcinoma, or colorectal cancer.




                                                                                     2025 INTERIM REPORT     5
    Corporate Overview


    In April 2025, the innovative drug HS-20108 for injection, self-developed by the Group, obtained a
    clinical trial approval issued by the NMPA, which is intended to be investigated in clinical trials for
    advanced solid tumors such as small cell lung cancer and neuroendocrine tumors.

    In April 2025, HS-10529 tablets, a small molecule innovative drug targeting KRAS G12D self-developed
    by the Group, obtained a clinical trial approval issued by the NMPA, which is intended to be investigated
    in clinical trials for advanced solid tumors (pancreatic cancer, colorectal cancer, NSCLC, etc.) with KRAS
    G12D mutations.

    In April 2025, the NMPA listed HS-20093 for injection, the Group’s self-developed B7-H3-targeted ADC,
    as a BTD Drug again, with the proposed indication for locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous
    NSCLC without driver mutations, progressed or recurred following platinum-based chemotherapy.

    In April 2025, Hengmeida (恒美達 ®) (Ibrexafungerp Tablets) was granted drug registration approval by
    the NMPA for the treatment of vulvovaginal candidiasis (VVC) in adult and post menarche adolescent
    women.

    In May 2025, the NMPA listed HS-20089 for injection, the Group’s self-developed B7-H4-targeted ADC,
    as a BTD Drug, with the proposed indication for platinum-resistant recurrent epithelial ovarian cancer,
    fallopian tube cancer or primary peritoneal cancer patients.

    In May 2025, HS-20118 tablets, a Category 1 innovative drug self-developed by the Group, obtained
    a clinical trial approval issued by the NMPA, which is intended to be investigated in clinical trials for
    moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.

    In May 2025, HS-10542 capsules, a Category 1 innovative drug self-developed by the Group, obtained
    a clinical trial approval issued by the NMPA, which is intended to be investigated in clinical trials for
    paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH) and immunoglobulin A nephropathy (IgAN).

    In May 2025, HS-10510 tablets, a Category 1 innovative drug self-developed by the Group, obtained
    a clinical trial approval issued by the NMPA, which is intended to be investigated in clinical trials for
    primary hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslipidemia.

    In May 2025, the third BLA of XINYUE was accepted by the NMPA, which is for the treatment of
    generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) in adult patients.

    In June 2025, the Group entered into a license agreement with Regeneron, pursuant to which the Group
    has granted Regeneron an exclusive worldwide license (excluding the Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong and
    Macau) to develop, manufacture and commercialize HS-20094.

    In June 2025, Aumolertinib Mesilate Tablets (trade name in the United Kingdom: Aumseqa ®), the Group’s
    innovative drug, was approved by the MHRA for marketing. Aumseqa ® as monotherapy is indicated
    for the first-line treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC with activating
    EGFR mutations, and the treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic EGFR T790M
    mutation-positive NSCLC.




6   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Overview


The Company continued to make improvements in ESG aspects. During the Reporting Period, the
Company maintained an MSCI ESG rating of AA, was again selected for inclusion in the Sustainability
Yearbook (Global Edition) 2025 and the Sustainability Yearbook (China Edition) 2025 published by S&P,
and ranked among the top 1% in the Chinese pharmaceutical industry. These developments not only
indicate the Company’s past achievements in the ESG field, but also represent our long-term commitment
and strategic plan for sustainable development.

The website of the Group: www.hspharm.com/




                                                                                 2025 INTERIM REPORT     7
    Management Discussion and Analysis


    INDUSTRY REVIEW

    2025 marks the culmination of China’s 14th Five-Year Plan period. During this period, China has firmly
    maintained its position as the world’s second-largest pharmaceutical market, the number of clinical
    studies has jumped to the top in the world, innovative talents have emerged, and professional long-term
    strategic investments guided by policies have continued to expand. Innovative drugs, as a new form of
    productivity, have rapidly developed. High-value innovative drugs continue to be approved for marketing,
    quickly benefiting patients and addressing unmet clinical needs. A large number of domestic innovative
    drugs have successfully gone abroad, especially in cutting-edge fields such as ADC, bispecific antibodies,
    cell therapies, AI-assisted drug discovery, etc. China’s original targets and drugs are particularly
    outstanding. A solid market foundation, development measures supported by the entire chain, and a solid
    talent pool provide guarantees for promoting the high-quality development of innovative drugs in China
    and participating in global competition.

    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS

    For the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group recorded revenue of approximately RMB7,434
    million, representing an increase of approximately 14.3% compared with the corresponding period of the
    previous year; profit of approximately RMB3,135 million, representing an increase of approximately 15.0%
    compared with the corresponding period of the previous year; basic earnings per share of approximately
    RMB0.53, representing an increase of approximately 14.8% compared with the corresponding period
    of the previous year; revenue of innovative drugs and collaborative products amounted to approximately
    RMB6,145 million, and its proportion of total revenue increased to approximately 82.7%.

    We generate our revenue primarily from sales of pharmaceutical products. Our main products are
    concentrated in the main therapeutic areas on which the Group strategically targets, including oncology,
    anti-infectives, CNS, metabolic and other diseases. The increase in revenue, profit and basic earnings per
    share during the Reporting Period was primarily due to the increase in the revenue of innovative drugs
    and collaborative products.




8   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS (Continued)

For the six months ended June 30, 2025, the revenue and product portfolio of our therapeutic areas are
as follows:

Therapeutic Area                       Product Portfolio

Oncology                               Innovative drug Ameile (Aumolertinib Mesilate Tablets),
 (revenue amounted to approximately      innovative drug Hansoh Xinfu (Flumatinib Mesylate Tablets),
 RMB4,531 million, accounting for        Pulaile (Pemetrexed Disodium for Injection), Pulaitan
 approximately 60.9% of the total        (Enzalutamide Soft Capsules) and Xinwei (Imatinib Mesylate
 revenue)                                Tablets), etc.

Anti-infectives                        Innovative drug Hengmu (Tenofovir Amibufenamide Tablets),
 (revenue amounted to approximately      innovative drug Mailingda (Morinidazole Sodium Chloride for
 RMB735 million, accounting for          Injection) and Hengsen (Micafungin Sodium for Injection), etc.
 approximately 9.9% of the total
 revenue)

CNS                                    Innovative drug XINYUE (Inebilizumab Injection), Ameining
 (revenue amounted to approximately      (Agomelatine Tablets), Ailanning (Paliperidone Extended-
 RMB768 million, accounting for          Release Tablets) and Oulanning (Olanzapine Tablets/Orally
 approximately 10.4% of the total        Disintegrating Tablets/Oral Soluble Film), etc.
 revenue)

Metabolic and other diseases           Innovative drug Fulaimei (PEG-Loxenatide for Injection),
 (revenue amounted to approximately      innovative drug Saint Luolai (Pegmolesatide Injection), Fulaidi
 RMB1,400 million, accounting for        (Repaglinide Tablets) and Punuoan (Ambrisentan Tablets),
 approximately 18.8% of the total        etc.
 revenue)




                                                                                   2025 INTERIM REPORT     9
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     INNOVATIVE DRUG PRODUCTS

     Ameile (阿美樂 ®)

     Ameile (Aumolertinib Mesilate Tablets) is the first original third-generation EGFR-TKI innovative drug
     in China self-developed by the Group. It has been approved for four indications in China. In March
     2020, it was approved for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC with
     T790M mutation positive, who have progressed on or after EGFR-TKI therapy; in December 2021, it was
     approved as the first-line treatment for adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC whose
     tumors have EGFR exon 19 deletions or exon 21 (L858R) substitute mutation positive. The above two
     indications were successfully renewed in November 2024 for inclusion in the 2024 NRDL. Ameile is
     continuously expanding its indications and increasing its evidence from evidence-based medicine. During
     the Reporting Period, a total of two NDAs for new indications were approved by the NMPA, namely:

     In March 2025, Ameile was approved for the treatment of patients with locally advanced, unresectable
     NSCLC whose disease has not progressed following definitive platinum-based chemoradiotherapy whose
     tumors have EGFR exon 19 deletions or exon 21 (L858R) substitute mutations.

     In May 2025, it was approved for the treatment of adult patients with stage II to IIIB NSCLC whose tumors
     have EGFR exon 19 deletions or exon 21 (L858R) substitute mutations, and who have undergone tumor
     resection with or without prior adjuvant chemotherapy as determined by their physician.

     In June 2025, Ameile (trade name in the United Kingdom: Aumseqa ®) was approved by the MHRA for
     marketing. Aumseqa ® as monotherapy is indicated for the first-line treatment of adult patients with locally
     advanced or metastatic NSCLC with activating EGFR mutations, and the treatment of adult patients with
     locally advanced or metastatic EGFR T790M mutation-positive NSCLC.

     Ameile has been recommended as Class I or Preferred by eight national diagnosis and treatment
     guidelines, including the Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (CSCO) Guidelines for the treatment
     o f N o n - s m a l l C e l l L u n g C a n c e r (2025 e d i t i o n ) * (《中國臨床腫瘤學會非小細胞肺癌診療指南 (2025
     版)》  ). During the Reporting Period, nine academic findings of Ameile were presented at authoritative
     conferences, including the annual meetings of AACR, European Lung Cancer Congress (ELCC), American
     Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO), of which data for two phase III clinical trials were selected for verbal
     presentations at the AACR 2025 Annual Meeting in April 2025, namely:

     Phase III clinical trial data for Ameile for adjuvant treatment of NSCLC post-surgery. The data shows that
     for patients with stage II to IIIB NSCLC whose tumors have EGFR mutations and who have undergone
     complete tumor resection, following Ameile adjuvant therapy as appropriate, their disease-free survival
     (DFS) has been significantly improved with HR of 0.17 and a high 2-year DFS of 90.2%, with safety
     profile manageable on the whole.

     Phase III clinical trial data for Ameile in combination with chemotherapy as first line therapy for advanced
     NSCLC. The data shows that for patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC whose tumors have
     EGFR-sensitive mutations, progression-free survival (PFS) of the patients with Ameile in combination
     with chemotherapy as first line therapy has been significantly extended with HR of 0.47 as compared
     to monotherapy, suggesting that Ameile in combination with chemotherapy can reduce 53% of risks of
     disease progression or death, as compared to monotherapy. Median progression-free survival (mPFS) has
     been extended to 28.9 months and objective response rate (ORR) reached a height of 93.2%. No new
     safety risk has been identified.




10   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


INNOVATIVE DRUG PRODUCTS (Continued)

Hansoh Xinfu (豪森昕福 ®)

Hansoh Xinfu (Flumatinib Mesylate Tablets) is the first original novel second-generation TKI for chronic
myelogenous leukemia in China, which was approved for marketing in 2019. It was included in the
NRDL through negotiations in 2020 and was successfully renewed in November 2024 for inclusion in the
2024 NRDL. Hansoh Xinfu is used in the treatment of chronic myelogenous leukemia. Based on results
of existing clinical trials, Hansoh Xinfu achieved faster and deeper molecular remission (e.g. MMR,
MR4.5). It also has favorable safety profile, with no specific adverse reactions (such as pleural effusion
or cardiotoxicity) relating to the use of other second-generation BCR-ABL TKI treatments being found,
and has been adopted for long-term application by an increasing number of patients. Hansoh Xinfu has
been recommended as the first-line treatment for chronic myelogenous leukemia in the Guidelines for
Diagnosis and Treatment of Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia* (《慢性髓性白血病診斷與治療指南》) released
by the NHC and the Guidelines for Diagnosis and Treatment of Malignant Hematologic Diseases* (     《惡性
血液病診療指南》          ).

During the Reporting Period, multiple clinical studies of Hansoh Xinfu were presented at the 30th session
of the Annual Meeting of the European Hematology Association (EHA).

XINYUE (昕越 ®)

XINYUE (Inebilizumab Injection) is a targeted CD19 B-cell depleting antibody and the world’s first
humanized CD19 monoclonal antibody approved for the treatment of adult patients with AQP4 antibody-
positive NMOSD. On May 24, 2019, the Group entered into a license agreement with Viela Bio Inc. (which
was acquired by Horizon Therapeutics plc in 2021, and the latter was acquired by Amgen in 2023) to
obtain an exclusive license to develop and commercialize the product in Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong
and Macau. On March 14, 2022, the product was approved by the NMPA for marketing in China and is
indicated for the treatment of adult NMOSD patients who are AQP4 antibody positive. In January 2023,
the product was included in the NRDL for the first time, and was successfully renewed in November
2024 for inclusion in the 2024 NRDL.

In February 2025, based on positive results from the global pivotal phase III MITIGATE trial on XINYUE,
the new indication of the product for the treatment of IgG4-RD was included in the Priority Review and
Approval Procedure by the NMPA.

In March 2025, BLA of this indication was accepted by the NMPA. It is also the second BLA of XINYUE.

In April 2025, Amgen, a collaborator of the Company, announced that inebilizumab for the treatment of
IgG4-RD in adult patients had been approved by the FDA, making it the first drug approved by the FDA
for the treatment of IgG4-related diseases.

In May 2025, the third BLA for the product was accepted by the NMPA for the treatment of adult patients
with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG).




                                                                                     2025 INTERIM REPORT     11
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     INNOVATIVE DRUG PRODUCTS (Continued)

     Fulaimei (孚來美 ®)

     Fulaimei (PEG-Loxenatide for Injection) is the first innovative drug launched leveraging on the Group’s
     proprietary PEGylation technology. It is the first original GLP-1RA weekly formulation in China and the
     world’s first PEG GLP-1RA weekly formulation, which was approved for marketing in May 2019 for the
     treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Fulaimei provides a new treatment option that is safe, effective and
     convenient for type 2 diabetic patients in China, with clear efficacy in lowering blood glucose, combined
     with weight loss, lowering of cholesterol and blood pressure, renal and cardiovascular benefits, as well
     as low incidence of gastrointestinal reactions and hypoglycemic adverse events, while requiring only one
     subcutaneous injection per week. Fulaimei was first included in the NRDL in 2020 through negotiation,
     and was successfully renewed in November 2024 for inclusion in the 2024 NRDL.

     During the Reporting Period, multiple research findings related to Fulaimei were published in
     internationally renowned journals, including the results of a large-scale multicenter bidirectional cohort
     real-world study on cardiovascular safety published in MedComm (IF:10.7), the results of a real-world
     study on Fulaimei in combination with insulin therapy published in Diabetes Therapy , as well as multiple
     action mechanism studies on Fulaimei promoting wound healing, improving insulin resistance and lipid
     metabolism disorders. These results provide new strategies for the clinical treatment of patients with type
     2 diabetes and related complications, and support broader clinical application prospects of Fulaimei.

     Fulaimei has been included in the Guidelines for the Prevention and Treatment of Diabetes Mellitus in
     China (2024 edition)* (《中國糖尿病防治指南(2024版)》) released by the Chinese Diabetes Society (CDS).
     It was also included in the Chinese Expert Consensus on the Comprehensive Management of Patients
     with Cardiovascular-Kidney-Metabolic Syndrome* (《心血管 － 腎臟 － 代謝綜合徵患者的綜合管理中國專家
     共識》   ) in March 2025, and was recommended by the Expert Consensus on Combination Treatment with a
     Glucagon-like Peptide-1 Receptor Agonist and Insulin for Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes (2025)* (《胰高糖
     素樣肽1受體激動劑聯合胰島素治療2型糖尿病專家共識(2025版)》                              ) in April 2025.




12   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


INNOVATIVE DRUG PRODUCTS (Continued)

Hengmu (恒沐 ®)

Hengmu (Tenofovir Amibufenamide Tablets) is a novel nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI)
self-developed by the Group, which is the first wholly developed oral dose medicine indicated for the
treatment of hepatitis B virus infection in China. Hengmu was approved for marketing by the NMPA
in June 2021 for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis B. Hengmu was included in the
NRDL in the same year, and successfully renewed in December 2023, and currently within the term of
the agreement.

The 48-week, 96-week and 144-week follow-up data of the phase III registration clinical study and
the research data of the phase IV study with a follow-up period of up to 5 years of Hengmu have been
published in several academic journals and international conferences. The results of the studies strongly
confirmed the efficacy and safety of Hengmu in the long-term treatment of patients with chronic hepatitis
B. Specifically, in terms of bone and renal safety, Hengmu has more advantages over tenofovir disoproxil
fumarate (TDF).

As of the date of this report, findings on multiple clinical studies of Hengmu were presented at top
international academic conferences in the field of hepatology, including the American Association for
the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) Annual Meeting, the European Association for the Study of the Liver
(EASL) Annual Meeting and the Asian Pacific Association for the Study of the Liver (APASL) Annual
Meeting, and were published in domestic and international journals such as Alimentary Pharmacology
& Therapeutics , Frontiers In Pharmacology , World Journal of Gastroenterology , Journal of Clinical and
Translational Hepatology and Chinese Journal of Hepatology .

Hengmu was included in the Guidelines for the Prevention and Treatment of Chronic Hepatitis B (2022
Version)* (《慢性乙型肝炎防治指南(2022年版)》) in February 2023, and was also included in the Chinese
Society of Clinical Oncology: Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Hepatocellular Carcinoma,
2022* (《中國臨床腫瘤學會肝癌診療指南(2022年版)》) as Class I recommendation. In April 2024, Hengmu
received a Class A recommendation in the Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines for Primary Liver Cancer
(2024 Edition)* (《原發性肝癌診療指南(2024 年版)》) issued by the NHC. In October 2024, Hengmu
received a Class A2 recommendation in the Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Liver Failure
(2024 Edition)* (《肝衰竭診治指南(2024 年版)》) issued by the Chinese Society of Infectious Diseases
under the Chinese Medical Association.




                                                                                    2025 INTERIM REPORT     13
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     INNOVATIVE DRUG PRODUCTS (Continued)

     Saint Luolai (聖羅萊 ®)

     Saint Luolai (Pegmolesatide Injection), is the “only class 1 small molecule peptide chemical drug
     approved for marketing worldwide in the field of renal anaemia treatment” self-developed by the Group.
     In June 2023, Saint Luolai was approved for two indications to treat anemia in chronic kidney disease
     (CKD) adult patients who have not received erythropoiesis-stimulating agent (ESA) and are not on
     dialysis, as well as those who are receiving short-acting erythropoietin treatment and on dialysis. In the
     same year, Saint Luolai was included in the NRDL for the first time, and currently within the term of the
     agreement.

     Saint Luolai has high affinity and selectivity to EPO receptor. It effectively promotes erythropoiesis and
     assists in reducing potential safety risks. The data of the phase III pivotal registrational clinical trial
     of Saint Luolai (published in eClinical Medicine , a subset of The Lancet in 2023) demonstrated that,
     subcutaneous injection of Saint Luolai once a month is as effective and safe as fast-acting recombinant
     human erythropoietin (rHuEPO) conventionally administered 1 to 3 times a week in treating anemia
     in Chinese dialysis patients. It even shows a trend of superiority and a lower incidence of adverse
     cardiovascular events. Latest studies found that the mechanism bringing about Pegmolesatide’s
     prolonged anti-anemia effects not only results from higher pharmacokinetic half-life due to PEGylation,
     but is also related to mechanisms such as Pegmolesatide’s enhanced EPO receptor binding stability.

     As of the date of this report, multiple research findings of Saint Luolai have been published in top-
     tier journals or medical conferences, including Journal of Translational Medicine , Kidney International
     Reports , Kidney Medicine , as well as the American Society of Nephrology (ASN) Annual Meeting, the
     International Society of Nephrology (ISN) and the World Congress of Nephrology (WCN).

     In February 2024, Saint Luolai was included for the first time in the Chinese Expert Consensus on Long-
     acting Erythropoiesis-stimulating Agents in the Treatment of Renal Anemia (2024)* (《長效紅細胞生成刺
     激劑治療腎性貧血中國專家共識(2024年版)》                     ). In January 2025, Saint Luolai was included in the Chinese
     Expert Consensus on Guiding Self-management of Patients with Renal Anemia (2024)* (《指導腎性貧血患
     者自我管理的中國專家共識(2024版)》                 ). In July 2025, Saint Luolai was recommended by Clinical Practice
     Guideline for Delaying the Progression of Chronic Kidney Disease (2025)* (《延緩慢性腎臟病進展臨床管理
     指南(2025年版)》      ) for therapy and management of renal anemia.




14   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


R&D AND INNOVATION

Innovation focus is the core driving force of our Company’s development. The Group has continuously
increased its investments in R&D over the years, built complete R&D platforms, established a number of
proprietary technologies, developed and commercialized a number of innovative drug products, as well
as prepared a series of innovative drugs which are currently at different stages of R&D. Our professional
R&D team consists of over 1,900 research fellows at four R&D centres located in Maryland, United States
and Shanghai, Changzhou and Lianyungang, China. We have several national-level R&D designations,
including the National Technology Center* (國家級技術中心), Post-doctoral Research Station* (博士後科
研工作站) and Key National Laboratory* (國家重點實驗室).

During the six months ended June 30, 2025, we submitted 24 formal patent applications in China and 11
patents were granted; we submitted 58 formal overseas patent applications and 30 patents were granted.

R&D pipeline update

During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group had more than 70 clinical trials of innovative
drugs being investigated, covering more than 40 innovative drug candidates.

During the Reporting Period, we had eight new innovative drug candidates entering clinical stage,
including the small molecule BTK inhibitor HS-10561 (for chronic spontaneous urticaria); an ADC HS-
20108 (for advanced solid tumors such as small cell lung cancer and neuroendocrine tumors); HS-
20122, an ADC targeting EGFR/c-Met (for advanced solid tumors, including NSCLC, head and neck
squamous cell carcinoma, or colorectal cancer); HS-10542 (for paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria and
immunoglobulin A nephropathy); HS-10510 (for primary hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslipidemia);
HS-10529, a small molecule KRAS G12D inhibitor (for advanced solid tumors with KRAS G12D mutations
such as pancreatic cancer, colorectal cancer, NSCLC); and HS-20118 (for moderate to severe plaque
psoriasis), etc.

During the Reporting Period, new phase III pivotal registration clinical trials were added, including: HS-
20093, a self-developed B7-H3-targeted ADC (for bone and soft tissue sarcoma); HS-20089, a self-
developed B7-H4-targeted ADC (for ovarian cancer); and HS-20137, a monoclonal antibody drug
targeting IL-23p19 developed in collaboration with Qyuns (for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis).




                                                                                     2025 INTERIM REPORT     15
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     R&D AND INNOVATION (Continued)

     R&D progress of key products

     HS-20093

     HS-20093, a B7-H3-targeted ADC self-developed by the Group, is composed of a fully human anti-B7-H3
     monoclonal antibody covalently linked to topoisomerase inhibitor (TOPOi) payload.

     During the Reporting Period, HS-20093 has entered phase III clinical research for the treatment of bone
     and soft tissue sarcoma indication in China. Currently, HS-20093 has entered phase III clinical research
     for the treatment of small cell lung cancer indication in China, and is also undergoing multiple proofs
     of concept (PoC) clinical studies for the treatment of head and neck cancer, castrate-resistant prostate
     cancer, esophageal squamous cell carcinoma and other solid tumors.

     In February 2025, the NMPA listed HS-20093 as a BTD Drug, with the proposed indication for the
     treatment of patients with osteosarcoma who have progressed on at least two prior lines of therapy.

     In April 2025, HS-20093 was approved by the NMPA as a BTD Drug again, with the proposed indication
     for locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous NSCLC without driver mutations, progressed or recurred
     following platinum-based chemotherapy.

     Prior to this, HS-20093 had been approved by the NMPA for inclusion as a BTD Drug, with the proposed
     indication for extensive-stage small-cell lung cancer that has developed after standard first-line treatment
     (platinum doublet chemotherapy combined with immunotherapy).

     HS-20089

     HS-20089 is a B7-H4-targeted ADC self-developed by the Group.

     During the Reporting Period, HS-20089 has entered phase III clinical research for the treatment of the
     ovarian cancer indication in China and currently is also undergoing PoC clinical studies for the treatment
     of endometrial cancer and other solid tumors.

     In May 2025, HS-20089 was approved by the NMPA as a Breakthrough-Therapy-Designated Drug, with
     the proposed indication for platinum-resistant recurrent epithelial ovarian cancer, fallopian tube cancer,
     or primary peritoneal cancer.




16   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


R&D AND INNOVATION (Continued)

R&D progress of key products (Continued)

HS-20094

HS-20094 is a dual GIP and GLP-1 receptor agonist self-developed by the Group. By selectively activating
both the GIP and GLP-1 receptors, it promotes insulin secretion, delays gastric emptying, inhibits
appetite and reduces food intake, thereby producing biological effects such as glucose control, weight
loss, and metabolic improvement. Its administration method is once a week via subcutaneous injection.
The relevant clinical studies have administered the drug to over a thousand subjects. Currently, we are
actively advancing phase III clinical studies of HS-20094 for obesity or overweight.

HS-10374

HS-10374 is a selective allosteric inhibitor of TYK2 self-developed by the Group. In phase II clinical trial
in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, HS-10374 demonstrated significant efficacy, with
overall safety similar to other TYK2 inhibitors and a lower risk of skin-related toxicity. Currently, we are
actively advancing phase III clinical studies of HS-10374 in adult patients with moderate-to-severe plaque
psoriasis.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

As an important part of our daily business, the Group pays close attention to the cutting-edge
developments in the global pharmaceutical industry and proactively seizes opportunities for out-licensing
and collaboration in BD. On December 18, 2024, the Group entered into a license agreement with a
wholly-owned subsidiary of MSD, pursuant to which, the Group received an upfront payment of US$112
million of BD license fee from collaborator MSD during the Reporting Period, which was included in
collaboration revenue. In addition, the Group entered into an out-licensing for HS-20094 with Regeneron
on June 2, 2025. See below for details.

Collaboration with Regeneron

On June 2, 2025, Shanghai Hansoh Biomedical Co., Ltd.* (上海翰森生物醫藥科技有限公司) and Jiangsu
Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.* (江蘇豪森藥業集團有限公司), wholly-owned subsidiaries of
the Company, entered into a license agreement with Regeneron. Pursuant to the license agreement, the
Group granted an exclusive worldwide license (excluding Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong, and Macau)
to Regeneron to develop, manufacture, and commercialize HS-20094. The Group received an upfront
payment of US$80 million in July 2025, and will be eligible to receive up to US$1.93 billion in milestone
payments associated with the development, regulatory approval and commercialization of the product, as
well as double-digit royalties on potential future product sales.




                                                                                      2025 INTERIM REPORT      17
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT (Continued)

     Clinical progress of in-licensing and collaboration programs

     During the Reporting Period, the Group incurred a total of approximately RMB191 million of research and
     development expenses due to the in-licensed or collaborative projects that had been introduced in the
     past, which were mainly used to advance the clinical trials of a number of in-licensed projects.

     Progress of HS-20122

     In March 2024, the Group entered into a licensing agreement with Biotheus and obtained an exclusive
     license from Biotheus to use bispecific antibodies targeting EGFR/c-Met, including HS-20117, for the
     development, production and commercialization of antibody conjugate products globally, with the right to
     further sub-license.

     HS-20122 is a bispecific ADC developed based on HS-20117 that targets EGFR/c-Met. In April 2025,
     HS-20122 obtained a clinical trial approval issued by the NMPA, which is intended to be investigated in
     clinical trials for advanced solid tumors, including NSCLC, head and neck squamous cell carcinoma, or
     colorectal cancer.

     Progress on HS-20137

     In April 2024, the Group entered into a licensing agreement with Qyuns and obtained an exclusive
     license from Qyuns to develop and commercialize HS-20137 monoclonal antibody in China (including
     Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) (collaborator code QX004N). HS-20137 is a monoclonal antibody that
     targets IL-23p19, currently under development for indications such as psoriasis.

     In March 2025, the findings of phase II clinical trial of HS-20137 for plaque psoriasis in adults were
     presented at the American Academy of Dermatology (AAD) Annual Meeting. The trial results show that
     during the 28-week treatment period, HS-20137 shows strong efficacy and favorable safety profile in
     patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. The results were consistent with the phase I study
     results published in JAMA Dermatology .

     During the Reporting Period, the indication of HS-20137 for the treatment of psoriasis has entered into
     phase III clinical study in China.

     Progress on HS-10561

     In August 2024, the Group entered into a licensing agreement with Lupeng Pharma and obtained an
     exclusive license from Lupeng Pharma to develop and commercialize HS-10561 (collaborator code LP-
     168) in China (including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan). The Group is responsible for the research
     and development, regulatory approval, manufacturing and commercialization of this product in all non-
     oncology indications in China.

     HS-10561 is a small molecule BTKi. In February 2025, HS-10561 capsules received a drug clinical
     trial approval issued by the NMPA, which is intended to be investigated in clinical trials for chronic
     spontaneous urticaria.




18   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (ESG)

Adhering to our core values of “responsibility, integrity, hard work and innovation”, the Group has in the
long term been committed to improving the accessibility of innovative drugs in the areas of unfulfilled
clinical needs. During the Reporting Period, we have achieved continuous improvement in various
aspects such as innovative achievements, strengthening of governance, green development, talent
cultivation and inclusive healthcare, laying a solid foundation for the Company’s long-term development.
We are continuously improving the disclosures of our governance, strategy, risk management, metrics
and targets on key ESG issues in response to stakeholders’ concerns and striving towards a higher level
of ESG management to lower operating risks.

In the first half of 2025, the Board continued to perform its supervisory duties and, through the ESG
Committee, regularly reviewed risk prevention strategies and systems, ESG strategies and emerging risks,
as well as key performance indicators that reflect the comprehensive improvement of ESG results, and
responded to identified hidden hazards or potential risks with forward-looking actions.

During the Reporting Period, we engaged a third party to provide independent assurance on our 2024
ESG report, and continued to conduct systematic inspections and third-party verification of Scope 1,
Scope 2 and Scope 3 greenhouse gases, to ensure accuracy, completeness and reliability of information
and data for ESG disclosure.

During the Reporting Period, the Group maintained an MSCI ESG rating of AA and achieved industry
leading standards in five key issues including corporate behavior, as well as toxic emissions and waste. At
the same time, the Group was again selected for inclusion in the Sustainability Yearbook (Global Edition)
2025 and the Sustainability Yearbook (China Edition) 2025 published by S&P, and ranked among the top
1% in the Chinese pharmaceutical industry.

We actively respond to the Sustainable Development Goals of the United Nations, closely linking ESG
management to the Company’s long-term strategies, and better cope with global challenges by focusing
on ESG issues. We are committed to sharing good practices with our industry partners and supply chains,
striving to enable more patients to benefit from green innovations. This is not only conducive to natural
environment protection and social welfare, but also beneficial to creating a more stable and sustainable
business environment, realizing coordinated economic, social and environmental development. We will
continue to adhere to the philosophy of being “patient-centered and innovation-driven” and actively
contribute our efforts as a responsible corporate citizen.




                                                                                     2025 INTERIM REPORT      19
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

     Currently, the Group follows a set of funding and treasury policies to manage its capital resources and
     mitigate potential risks. The Board considers various funding sources depending on the Group’s funding
     needs to ensure that the financial resources have been used in the most cost-effective and efficient way.
     We also closely monitor uses of cash resources and strive to maintain healthy liquidity for the needs of
     our business operations.

     For the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group’s operating activities generated a net cash inflow
     of RMB3,605 million. The capital expenditure during the Reporting Period was RMB245 million, mainly
     relating to the construction of workshops, as well as, among other things, the purchase of equipment,
     motor vehicles and software required for production, R&D and administrative activities, etc. The cash
     flow of financing activities for the Reporting Period mainly consisted of proceeds from employees for
     subscription of shares under the share award scheme of RMB31 million.

     The Group’s financial position remains sound. As at June 30, 2025, we had cash and bank balances
     of RMB27,104 million (as at December 31, 2024: RMB22,622 million), current financial assets at fair
     value through profit or loss of RMB18 million (as at December 31, 2024: RMB17 million). As at June
     30, 2025, our current financial assets at fair value through profit or loss primarily comprised financial
     products issued by commercial banks. As each of the financial products was subscribed with different
     banks under different terms and are of different nature and none of the financial products exceeds 5% of
     the applicable percentage ratios on a standalone basis, the Group’s purchase of financial products during
     the six months ended June 30, 2025 does not constitute notifiable transactions of the Company under
     the Listing Rules. As at June 30, 2025, the Group’s gearing ratio (calculated as total liabilities divided
     by total assets) was approximately 11.3% (as at December 31, 2024: 9.4%). After reviewing the Group’s
     profitability, working capital and capital expenditure requirements, the Board is of the view that the Group
     has no significant liquidity risk and has sufficient working capital.

     Most of the Group’s assets and liabilities are denominated in Renminbi and United States Dollars. The
     Group manages its foreign exchange risk by closely monitoring its net foreign exchange exposure to
     reduce the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations.

     PLEDGE OF GROUP ASSETS

     As at June 30, 2025, none of the Group’s assets was subject to any encumbrance, mortgage, lien, charge
     or pledge.

     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

     As at June 30, 2025, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.




20   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD

During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group did not have any significant investments.

FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

As at June 30, 2025, the Group did not have any plans for material investments and capital assets.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or
disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.

EMPLOYEES AND EMOLUMENTS POLICY

As at June 30, 2025, the Group had a total of 9,313 full-time employees, whose remuneration was
determined based on their performance and experience as well as the prevailing market salary levels.

The staff costs, including remuneration of the executive Directors, social welfare and other benefits,
were approximately RMB1,575 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025. We also provided regular
training to employees designed to strengthen staff commitment to us and improve staff knowledge in a
number of important areas of our services, such as knowledge about the Company and our products as
well as sales, laws and regulations applicable to our operation, requirements under applicable GMP or
other certifications, quality control, production safety and corporate culture.

The Company has conditionally approved and adopted the RSU Scheme to recognize contributions
by selected participants and give incentives thereto in order to retain them for the continual operation
and development of the Group and to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group.
Participants may include employees of the Group (including director, chief executive officer, vice
president, financial controller, company secretary, members of senior management or key technical
personnel) as well as any other person selected by the Board at its sole discretion from time to time
(subject to compliance with the applicable Listing Rules).

On April 22, 2025, pursuant to the terms of the RSU Scheme, the Company allotted and issued
11,500,000 new ordinary shares (aggregate nominal value: HK$115) to the RSU Trustee, holding such
shares for the benefit of the participants of the RSU Scheme, with the issue price per share of HK$2.9595
as measured by the Company, which was arrived at after taking into consideration the number of shares
currently held by the RSU Trustee and the purchase prices of the RSUs at the time of measurement, and
the closing price per share of the Company on the business day immediately preceding the issuance is
HK$22.10. During the Reporting Period, the RSU Trustee was not instructed by the Company to purchase
any shares from the open market. As at June 30, 2025, a balance of 1,194,647 shares of the Company
was held by the RSU Trustee for settlement of the RSUs under the RSU Scheme. For details of the
RSU Scheme, please refer to the section headed “Statutory and General Information – D. Post-IPO RSU
Scheme” in Appendix IV to the prospectus of the Company dated May 31, 2019.




                                                                                    2025 INTERIM REPORT     21
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     EMPLOYEES AND EMOLUMENTS POLICY (Continued)

     During the Reporting Period, RSUs representing an aggregate of 8,560,990 shares of the Company had
     been granted by the Company pursuant to the RSU Scheme. Among the grants during the Reporting
     Period (details of the grants are set out in the announcement of the Company dated April 28, 2025),
     all RSUs granted to Dr. Lyu Aifeng (representing 211,910 shares of the Company granted), being an
     executive Director of the Company, only involve existing shares of the Company held or to be held by
     the RSU Trustee, and no new shares were or will be allotted or issued by the Company for the vesting
     of such RSUs. According to the director’s service contract with the Company, the RSUs granted to him
     form part of his remuneration package and are therefore exempted from the reporting, announcement
     and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Rules 14A.73(6) and 14A.95 of the Listing
     Rules.

     PROSPECTS

     In 2025, the Company will continue to adapt to the development of the pharmaceutical industry, focusing
     on innovation and internationalization strategies, deepening our plans in major disease therapeutic
     fields such as oncology, CNS, metabolism and autoimmunity accelerating the development of core
     product pipelines, strengthening external cooperation and going global, while balancing profitability and
     innovation investment to ensure sustainable development.




22   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance and Other Information


DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES ’ INTERESTS AND/OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at June 30, 2025, the interests and/or short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the
Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations
(within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were (i) required to be notified to the Company and
the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and/or short
positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or (ii) recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or (iii) otherwise
notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 of
the Listing Rules were as follows:

1.   Interest in shares or underlying shares of the Company

                                                                                    Number of           Approximate
                                                                                     shares or        percentage of
                                                                                    underlying         shareholding
     Name of Director             Capacity/Nature of interest                          shares             interest (1)



     Ms. Zhong Huijuan (2)        Person with influence over a trust          3,900,000,000                 65.58%
     Ms. Sun Yuan (2)(3)          Beneficiary of a trust                      3,900,000,000                 65.58%
                                  Beneficial owner                                3,501,583                  0.06%
     Dr. Lyu Aifeng (4)           Beneficial owner                                2,336,253                  0.04%

     Notes:

     (1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 5,947,150,070 issued shares of the Company as at June
           30, 2025.

     (2)   These ordinary shares of the Company are beneficially owned by Stellar Infinity, which is a wholly-owned
           subsidiary of Sunrise Investment, which in turn is wholly-owned by Harmonia Holding as the trustee for
           the Sunrise Trust, a discretionary trust set up by Ms. Sun Yuan (“Ms. Sun”). Ms. Zhong Huijuan (“Ms.
           Zhong”) is the person who has consent right on key matters in respect of the Sunrise Trust under the trust
           deed in relation to the Sunrise Trust. Accordingly, Ms. Zhong and Ms. Sun are deemed or taken to be
           interested in all the shares of the Company which are beneficially owned by Stellar Infinity for the purpose
           of Part XV of the SFO.

     (3)   In addition to the ordinary shares held by Stellar Infinity, Ms. Sun also holds 2,214,583 ordinary shares of
           the Company vested according to the RSU Scheme and is entitled to 1,287,000 RSUs subject to vesting
           conditions.

     (4)   Dr. Lyu Aifeng (“Dr. Lyu”) holds 1,733,723 ordinary shares of the Company vested according to the RSU
           Scheme and is entitled to 602,530 RSUs subject to vesting conditions.




                                                                                               2025 INTERIM REPORT        23
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES ’ INTERESTS AND/OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
     UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES (Continued)

     2.   Interest in shares or underlying shares of associated corporations of the Company

                                                                                             Number of
                                                                                              shares or      Percentage of
                                                                                             underlying       shareholding
                                                                                              shares in         interest in
                                    Name of associated        Capacity/                  the associated     the associated
          Name of Director          corporation               Nature of interest            corporation        corporation

          Ms. Zhong Huijuan         Sunrise Investment (1)    Person with influence                100              100%
                                                                over a trust
          Ms. Sun Yuan              Sunrise Investment (1)    Beneficiary of a trust               100              100%

          Note:

          (1)     Sunrise Investment is wholly-owned by Harmonia Holding, which is the trustee for the Sunrise Trust, a
                  discretionary trust set up by Ms. Sun. Ms. Zhong is the person who has consent right on key matters in
                  respect of the Sunrise Trust under the trust deed in relation to the Sunrise Trust. Accordingly, Ms. Zhong
                  and Ms. Sun are deemed or taken to be interested in all the shares of Sunrise Investment which are
                  beneficially owned by Harmonia Holding for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

          Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2025, so far as is known to the Directors, none of the
          Directors and the chief executives of the Company had or were deemed to have any interest or
          short position in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated
          corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be notified under
          Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the
          Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock
          Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




24   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance and Other Information


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND/OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES

As at June 30, 2025, the interests and/or short positions of persons (other than the Directors and chief
executives of the Company) in the shares or underlying shares of the Company (within the meaning of
Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO were as
follows:

                                                                                    Number of           Approximate
                                                                                     shares or        percentage of
                                                                                    underlying         shareholding
Name of shareholder                Capacity/Nature of interest                         shares             interest (1)

Stellar Infinity (2)               Beneficial owner                            3,900,000,000                65.58%
Sunrise Investment (2)             Interest in controlled corporation          3,900,000,000                65.58%
Harmonia Holding (2)               Interest in controlled corporation          3,900,000,000                65.58%
JQC International Limited (3)      Interest in controlled corporation            920,000,000                15.47%
JQC Holding Limited (3)            Interest in controlled corporation            920,000,000                15.47%
Cantrust (Far East) Limited (3)    Trustee                                       920,000,000                15.47%
Apex Medical (3)                   Beneficial owner                              920,000,000                15.47%
Mr. Cen Junda (3)                  Founder of a discretionary trust              920,000,000                15.47%
                                     who can influence how the
                                     trustee exercises his discretion

Notes:

(1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 5,947,150,070 issued shares of the Company as at June 30,
      2025.

(2)   Stellar Infinity is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sunrise Investment, which in turn is wholly-owned by Harmonia
      Holding, the trustee of the Sunrise Trust. Therefore, each of Sunrise Investment and Harmonia Holding is
      deemed to be interested in the shares of the Company held by Stellar Infinity for the purpose of the SFO.

(3)   On September 1, 2023, Mr. Cen Junda transferred all of his interests in Apex Medical, an entity which, as of
      June 30, 2025, was the beneficial owner of 920,000,000 shares of the Company, to JQC International Limited,
      which is indirectly wholly-owned by Cantrust (Far East) Limited (as the trustee of a discretionary trust of which
      Mr. Cen Junda is the founder). Accordingly, Mr. Cen Junda has become a person with influence over a trust
      and is deemed or taken to be interested in all the shares of JQC International Limited which are ultimately
      beneficially owned by Cantrust (Far East) Limited for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2025, so far as is known to the Directors, no person (not being a
Director or chief executive of the Company) had or was deemed to have any interest or short position in
the shares or underlying shares of the Company which was required to be notified to the Company under
Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                               2025 INTERIM REPORT        25
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT SCHEME

     We have conditionally approved and adopted a RSU Scheme on May 27, 2019 to recognize contributions
     by selected participants and give incentives to them in order to retain them for the continual operation
     and development of the Group and to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group.
     The RSU Scheme shall be valid for a period of 10 years commencing on June 14, 2019. The eligible
     participants of the RSU Scheme include (i) employees (including director, chief executive officer, vice
     president, financial controller, company secretary, members of senior management or key technical
     personnel) of the Group; and (ii) any other person selected by the Board at its sole discretion from
     time to time (subject to the compliance of the applicable Listing Rules). For further details of the RSU
     Scheme, please refer to Appendix IV “Statutory and General Information – D. Post-IPO RSU Scheme” of
     the prospectus of the Company dated May 31, 2019.

     Total number of shares available

     No award shall be granted pursuant to the RSU Scheme if, as a result of such grant (assumed accepted),
     the aggregate number of shares underlying all grants made pursuant to the RSU Scheme (excluding
     awards that have lapsed or been cancelled in accordance with the rules of the RSU Scheme) will exceed
     114,118,384 Shares, representing 2% of the number of shares in issue on the June 14, 2019.

     The number of RSUs available for grant under the scheme mandate of the RSU Scheme at the beginning
     and the end of the Reporting Period are 46,172,474 Shares and 38,379,834 Shares respectively.

     The number of shares that may be issued in respect of the RSUs granted under the RSU Scheme, being
     the only share scheme of the Company, during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average
     number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares) for the period is 0.144%.

     As at the Latest Practicable Date, the Company had 38,875,844 Shares available for issue under the RSU
     Scheme, representing approximately 0.642% of the total issued share capital of the Company as at the
     Latest Practicable Date.

     Vesting period

     The vesting period of the RSUs granted is either (i) three years or (ii) thirty months and would follow one
     of the following vesting schedule: (i) 40% shall vest on the first anniversary of the grant date and the
     remaining 30% and 30% shall vest on the second and third anniversary of the grant date, respectively; (ii)
     30% shall vest on the first anniversary of the grant date and the remaining 30% and 40% shall vest on
     the second and third anniversary of the grant date, respectively; (iii) approximately 34% shall vest on the
     first anniversary of the grant date/vesting commencement date (as the case may be) and the remaining
     approximately 33% and approximately 33% shall vest on the second and third anniversary of the grant
     date/vesting commencement date (as the case may be), respectively; (iv) approximately 19% shall vest
     six months after the grant date and the remaining approximately 33%, 33% and 15% shall vest on the
     first, second and third anniversary of the grant date, respectively; or (v) approximately 34% shall vest
     six months after the grant date, approximately 33% shall vest eighteen months after the grant date and
     approximately 33% shall vest thirty months after the grant date, respectively.




26   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance and Other Information


RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT SCHEME (Continued)

Exercise period

The concept of exercise period is inapplicable to the RSU Scheme. The selected participants are required
to pay the purchase price for the RSUs that will vest in the period at the time of vesting.

Performance targets

Subject to certain performance indicators and other requirements set out in the grant letter entered into
between the selected participants and the Company, including based on the Company’s annual results
and the selected participant’s individual annual performance.

Rights attached to the RSUs and the converted Shares

A selected grantee under the RSU Scheme (“Grantees”) does not have any contingent interest in any
Shares underlying a grant. Furthermore, a Grantee may not exercise any voting right in respect of any of
the Shares underlying the grant, unless otherwise specified by the Board, nor do they have any rights to
any cash or non-cash income, dividends or distributions and/or the sale proceeds of non-cash and non-
scrip distributions from any Shares underlying the grant prior to vesting.

Any Shares transferred to a Grantee upon vesting shall be subject to the provisions of the Articles and will
rank pari passu with the fully paid Shares in issue on the date of the transfer. The holders of the Shares
will be entitled to participate in all dividends or other distributions paid or made on or after the date of
transfer.

Amount payable

No amount is payable upon acceptance of the awards, and the purchase consideration is payable upon
vesting during the vesting period.




                                                                                      2025 INTERIM REPORT      27
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT SCHEME (Continued)

     Present status of the RSU Scheme

     As at June 30, 2025, pursuant to the RSU Scheme, the Company had granted to Directors, executives
     and employees of the Group outstanding RSUs representing 20,434,460 Shares, accounting for
     approximately 0.34% of the total issued share capital of the Company as at June 30, 2025.

     Details of the RSUs granted under the RSU Scheme for the six months ended June 30, 2025 are as
     follows:

                                                                           Outstanding as                                                       Outstanding
                                                 Vesting        Purchase    at January 1,                 During the Reporting Period            as at June
     Category               Grant date           Period         Price              2025        Granted         Vested       Cancelled    Lapsed   30, 2025

     1. Directors
        Ms. Sun Yuan        April 29, 2022       3 years(2)     HK$2.6          396,100              0     396,100(6)              0         0           0
                            April 27, 2023       3 years(2)     HK$2.84         858,000              0     429,000(6)              0         0     429,000
                            June 27, 2024        3 years(2)     HK$3.379      1,300,000              0     442,000(6),(7)          0         0     858,000
        Dr. Lyu Aifeng      April 29, 2022       3 years(3)     HK$2.6          165,000              0     123,750(8)         41,250         0           0
                            April 27, 2023       3 years(2)     HK$2.84         396,000              0     148,500(8)         49,500         0     198,000
                            June 27, 2024        3 years(2)     HK$3.379        291,850              0      74,423(8)         24,807         0     192,620
                            April 28, 2025(11)   3 years(2)     HK$4.573              0      211,910(5)            0               0         0     211,910

     2. Employees           April 29, 2022       3 years(3)     HK$2.6        3,777,300              0 3,289,806(9)          406,394     81,100           0
                            October 29, 2022     30 months(4)   HK$2.6          159,400              0   150,877(9)            1,123      7,400           0
                            April 27, 2023       3 years(2)     HK$2.84       8,880,600              0 3,876,464(9)          437,136    301,800   4,265,200
                            June 27, 2024        3 years(2)     HK$3.379      9,385,170              0 2,924,855(9)          151,615    337,370   5,971,330
                            April 28, 2025       3 years(2)     HK$4.573              0     8,349,080(5)        0                  0     40,680   8,308,400

     3. Service provider(1) April 29, 2022       3 years(3)     HK$2.6          79,200               0   63,360(10)            15,840         0          0
     Total                                                                  25,688,620       8,560,990 11,919,135           1,127,665   768,350 20,434,460




28   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance and Other Information


RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT SCHEME (Continued)

Present status of the RSU Scheme (Continued)

Notes:

(1)   The service providers are all former employees who have accepted re-employment after retirement or who
      continue to provide consultancy advice to the Company after retirement. The Company values their familiarity
      with the businesses and operation of the Group and considers that their contribution to the Group is similar to
      that of the employees of the Group.

(2)   Vesting schedule: approximately 34% shall vest on the first anniversary of the grant date/vesting commencement
      date (as the case may be) and the remaining approximately 33% and approximately 33% shall vest on the
      second and third anniversary of the grant date/vesting commencement date (as the case may be), respectively.

(3)   Vesting schedule: approximately 19% shall vest six months after the grant date and the remaining approximately
      33%, 33% and 15% shall vest on the first, second and third anniversary of the grant date, respectively.

(4)   Vesting schedule: approximately 34% shall vest six months after the grant date, approximately 33% shall vest
      eighteen months after the grant date and approximately 33% shall vest thirty months after the grant date,
      respectively.

(5)   The fair value of the RSUs granted was determined based on the binomial model on the date of grant. Such fair
      value on April 28, 2025 was HK$18.677 per unit. The determination of fair value of the RSUs is in accordance
      with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting . The variables and assumptions used
      in computing the fair value of the RSUs are based on the directors’ best estimate. Changes in estimates and
      assumptions may result in changes in fair value of the RSUs. At the end of each reporting period, the Group
      revises its estimates of the number of RSUs that are expected to vest ultimately. The impact of the revision of the
      estimates, if any, is recognized in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payment
      reserve. Details of the fair value of the RSUs granted and the related accounting standard and policy adopted
      are set out in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements. Closing price immediately prior to the grant date
      is HK$23.90 per Share. The performance target in relation to the grants are those as set forth in “Performance
      targets” above.

(6)   Weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the vesting dates is HK$25.29 per Share.

(7)   Among the 442,000 RSUs vested on June 27, 2025, 298,717 RSUs were settled by cash payment by the
      Company based on the closing price of the Company’s Share at HK$29.10 per Share on the vesting date.

(8)   Weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the vesting dates is HK$24.51 per Share.

(9)   Weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the vesting dates is HK$24.92 per Share.

(10) Weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the vesting date is HK$23.25 per Share.

(11) All RSUs granted to Dr. Lyu Aifeng (representing 211,910 Shares), being an executive director of the Company,
     mentioned in the announcement dated April 28, 2025 only involve existing shares of the Company held or to be
     held by the RSU Trustee, and no new shares were or will be allotted or issued by the Company for the vesting
     of the RSUs. According to the director’s services contract with the Company, the RSUs granted to him form part
     of his remuneration package and are therefore exempted from the reporting, announcement and independent
     shareholders’ approval requirements under Rules 14A.73(6) and 14A.95 of the Listing Rules.

No grant has been made to (i) any related entity participant or service provider with options and awards
granted in excess of 0.1% of the Company’s issued shares over the 12-month period, and (ii) any other
participant with options and awards granted in excess of the 1% individual limit, as such terms are used
in the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                 2025 INTERIM REPORT        29
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     CHANGE IN DIRECTORS ’ INFORMATION

     There is not any change in the Directors’ biographical details which is required to be disclosed pursuant
     to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules during the six months ended June 30, 2025.

     EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     On August 20, 2025, the Company entered into a placing agreement with Citigroup Global Markets Asia
     Limited, Citigroup Global Markets Limited and Morgan Stanley Asia Limited, pursuant to which Citigroup
     Global Markets Limited and Morgan Stanley Asia Limited (together, the “2025 Placing Agents”) agreed
     to place 108,000,000 ordinary shares in the Company, or, failing which, to purchase themselves on
     a fully underwritten basis, to not fewer than six placees who are professional, institutional or other
     investors selected and procured by the 2025 Placing Agents and whose ultimate beneficial owners are
     independent third parties (the “2025 Placing”). The 2025 Placing price was HK$36.30 per share. The
     net proceeds from the 2025 Placing (after deducting the 2025 Placing commission, levies and trading
     fee) were approximately HK$3,896.54 million. As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated
     August 20, 2025, the Company intends to apply the net proceeds from the 2025 Placing in the following
     manner: (i) approximately 65% will be used for (a) the R&D of new innovative drugs in therapeutic areas
     including oncology, autoimmune, central nervous system and metabolic diseases, and (b) the in-licensing
     for innovative drugs and innovative technology platforms; (ii) approximately 25% will be used to fund (a)
     the construction of new innovative drug production facilities and R&D laboratories, and (b) the upgrade of
     the Group’s existing R&D laboratories and production facilities; and (iii) approximately 10% will be used
     for working capital and other general corporate purposes. The balance is expected to be fully utilized by
     2031. The 2025 Placing completed on August 27, 2025. As at the Latest Practicable Date, the Group has
     not used any part of the net proceeds and will use the net proceeds according to the intended purposes
     previously disclosed by the Company, and will provide further update according to the requirements of
     the Listing Rules. For details of the 2025 Placing, please refer to the announcement of the Company
     dated August 20, 2025.

     On August 26, 2025, the innovative drug XINYUE (昕越 ®) (Inebilizumab Injection) has been granted drug
     registration approval by the NMPA, approving the addition of an indication: for IgG4-RD in adult patients.
     This is the second indication of XINYUE which has been approved, this indication was included in the
     Priority Review and Approval Procedure by the NMPA on February 8, 2025.

     Save as disclosed above, there is no material event affecting the Company during the period from June
     30, 2025 to the date of this report.




30   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance and Other Information


COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

The Company’s corporate governance practices are based on the principles and code provisions as set
out in the CG Code contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules and the Company has adopted the CG
Code as its own code of corporate governance.

The Board is of the view that the Company has complied with all the code provisions in effect as set out
in Part 2 of the CG Code during the six months ended June 30, 2025, save for code provision C.2.1 of
the CG Code.

Code Provision C.2.1

Code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code states that the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should
be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. The Company has appointed Ms. Zhong
as both the chairlady and the chief executive officer of the Company. Due to the nature and the extent of
the Group’s operations and Ms. Zhong’s in-depth knowledge and experience in the PRC pharmaceutical
industry, the Board considers that the balance of power and authority under the present arrangement is
not impaired and this structure will enable the Company to make and implement decisions promptly and
effectively. The Board will continue to review and consider splitting the roles of chairlady of the Board
and the chief executive officer of the Company at a time when it is appropriate by taking into account the
circumstances of the Group as a whole.

The Board will periodically review and enhance its corporate governance practices to ensure that the
Company continues to meet the requirements of the CG Code.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted its own Company Code on terms no less exacting than the required standard
set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained in Appendix
C3 to the Listing Rules. Specific enquiry has been made to all Directors by the Company and all Directors
confirmed that they have complied with the Company Code during the six months ended June 30, 2025.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Board has established the Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule
3.21 of the Listing Rules and paragraph D.3 of Part 2 of the CG Code. The Audit Committee consists of
three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (chairman of the Audit
Committee), Mr. Lin Guoqiang and Ms. Yang Dongtao.

The Audit Committee and the external auditor, Ernst & Young, have reviewed the unaudited interim
results of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2025. The Audit Committee has also reviewed
together with the management the accounting principles and policies adopted by the Group and the
interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended June 30, 2025. The Audit
Committee was satisfied that such consolidated financial information were prepared in accordance with
the applicable accounting standards and fairly present the Group’s financial position and results for the
Reporting Period.




                                                                                     2025 INTERIM REPORT     31
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’ S LISTED SECURITIES

     During the six months ended June 30, 2025, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had
     purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares) (as
     defined under the Listing Rules). As at June 30, 2025, no treasury shares (as defined under the Listing
     Rules) were held by the Company.

     INTERIM DIVIDEND AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

     The Board has declared the payment of an interim dividend of HK$23.16 cents per share for the six
     months ended June 30, 2025 (the interim dividend for the six months ended June 30, 2024: HK$20.10
     cents per share). The interim dividend for 2025 will be paid to shareholders on Thursday, October
     30, 2025 whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Thursday, September
     25, 2025. For the purpose of determining shareholders who are qualified for the interim dividend, the
     register of members of the Company will be closed from Wednesday, September 24, 2025 to Thursday,
     September 25, 2025, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be effected.
     The record date for determining the entitlement of the shareholders to receive the interim dividend will
     be Thursday, September 25, 2025. In order to qualify for the interim dividend, all transfer documents
     accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar
     and transfer office in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16
     Harcourt Road, Hong Kong by 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, September 23, 2025.

     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM PREVIOUS FUNDRAISING ACTIVITIES AS AT JUNE 30, 2025

     Use of proceeds from placing

     On April 22, 2020, the Company entered into a placing agreement with Morgan Stanley & Co.
     International plc and Citigroup Global Markets Limited (the “2020 Placing Agents”), pursuant to which
     the 2020 Placing Agents agreed to place 130,380,000 ordinary shares in the Company, or, failing which,
     to purchase themselves on a fully underwritten basis, to not fewer than six placees who are professional,
     institutional or other investors selected and procured by the 2020 Placing Agents and whose ultimate
     beneficial owners are independent third parties (the “2020 Placing”). The 2020 Placing price was
     HK$26.75 per share.

     The net proceeds from the 2020 Placing were approximately HK$3,477.20 million. As at December 31,
     2024, the net proceeds had been fully utilized. Such proceeds were used for R&D projects, including
     but not limited to our domestic and overseas drug R&D, expanding our R&D team, and investment in
     technologies, in line with the purpose previously disclosed by the Company. For details of the use of
     proceeds, please refer to the section headed “Use of Proceeds from Placing” in the 2024 annual report
     of the Company.




32   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance and Other Information


USE OF PROCEEDS FROM PREVIOUS FUNDRAISING ACTIVITIES AS AT JUNE 30, 2025 (Continued)

Use of proceeds from issuance of convertible bonds

In January 2021, the Company successfully completed the issuance and listing of US$600 million
zero-coupon convertible bonds due in 2026 to professional investors only. The net proceeds from the
bonds were approximately US$595.65 million. In December 2022, the Company repurchased bonds with
an aggregate principal amount of US$4 million. In January 2024, the Company redeemed the outstanding
convertible bonds in the aggregate principal amount of US$590,622,000.

As at December 31, 2023, US$591.65 million was utilized and the net proceeds had been fully utilized.
Such proceeds were primarily used for R&D expenditure (including but not limited to allocating funding to
clinical trials for innovative drugs, innovative drugs development and/or in-license opportunities) as well
as upgrading and expanding manufacturing facilities (including R&D facilities) and procuring equipment
for its production facilities, in line with the purpose previously disclosed by the Company. For details of
the use of proceeds, please refer to the section headed “Use of Proceeds from Issuance of Convertible
Bonds” in the 2023 annual report and 2024 annual report of the Company.




                                                                                     2025 INTERIM REPORT      33
     Independent Review Report of Interim Financial
     Information


                                           Ernst & Young            安永會計師事務所            Tel電話: +852 2846 9888
                                           27/F, One Taikoo Place   香港鰂魚涌英皇道979號        Fax傳真: +852 2868 4432
                                           979 King’s Road          太古坊一座27樓            ey.com
                                           Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

     Independent Review Report of Interim Financial Information
     To the board of directors of Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company Limited
     (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

     INTRODUCTION

     We have reviewed the interim condensed consolidated financial information set out on pages 35 to 65,
     which comprises the condensed consolidated statement of financial position of Hansoh Pharmaceutical
     Group Company Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) as at 30 June 2025 and the
     related condensed consolidated statements of profit or loss, comprehensive income, changes in equity
     and cash flows for the six months period then ended, and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the
     Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report
     on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong
     Kong Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“HKAS 34”) as issued by the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). The directors of the Company are responsible for
     the preparation and presentation of this interim financial information in accordance with HKAS 34. Our
     responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim financial information based on our review. Our
     report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no
     other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the
     contents of this report.

     SCOPE OF REVIEW

     We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 Review
     of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity as issued by the
     HKICPA. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons
     responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A
     review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards
     on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all
     significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

     CONCLUSION

     Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim
     condensed consolidated financial information is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with
     HKAS 34.

     Ernst & Young
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong

     18 August 2025




34   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement
of Profit or Loss
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



                                                Notes        2025           2024
                                                        (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)
                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000

REVENUE                                          4      7,433,559       6,505,501

Cost of sales                                             (660,786)      (579,218)

Gross profit                                            6,772,773       5,926,283

Other income                                     4         578,413        480,963
Selling and distribution expenses                       (1,817,936)    (1,720,670)
Administrative expenses                                   (342,770)      (353,898)
Research and development costs                          (1,440,841)    (1,196,454)
Other expenses, net                              4         (61,487)       (18,038)

PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                5      3,688,152       3,118,186

Income tax expense                               6        (553,223)      (392,661)

PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                   3,134,929       2,725,525

Attributable to owners of the parent                    3,134,929       2,725,525

EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY
  EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT FOR THE PERIOD

Basic (RMB)                                      8            0.53           0.46
Diluted (RMB)                                    8            0.53           0.46




                                                                2025 INTERIM REPORT   35
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement
     of Comprehensive Income
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



                                                                       2025           2024
                                                                  (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)
                                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000

     PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                        3,134,929      2,725,525

     OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME

     Other comprehensive (loss)/income that may be reclassified
       to profit or loss in subsequent periods:

     Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations       (86,108)       84,657

     Net other comprehensive (loss)/income that may be
       reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods          (86,108)       84,657

     OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME FOR
       THE PERIOD, NET OF TAX                                        (86,108)       84,657

     TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD                    3,048,821      2,810,182

     Attributable to owners of the parent                         3,048,821      2,810,182




36   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement
of Financial Position
As at 30 June 2025



                                                                       30 June    31 December
                                                            Notes        2025             2024
                                                                    (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000

NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                 9      2,766,188      2,804,765
Right-of-use assets                                         10(a)      436,812        442,405
Intangible assets                                                      289,408        245,286
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        12        732,629        702,283
Prepayments for purchase of property, plant and equipment               27,259         21,315

Total non-current assets                                             4,252,296      4,216,054

CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                            653,489        651,224
Trade and bills receivables                                  11      2,793,734      3,169,763
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                        250,624        234,537
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        12         17,551         17,237
Other financial assets                                       13              –        747,468
Cash and bank balances                                       14     27,103,694     22,621,566

Total current assets                                                30,819,092     27,441,795

CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and bills payables                                     15        268,654        217,851
Other payables and accruals                                  16      2,215,450      2,354,591
Contract liabilities                                                   186,211         19,227
Convertible bonds                                            17         40,976         40,874
Lease liabilities                                           10(b)       17,130         16,006
Tax payable                                                            138,773         46,669
Dividends payable                                                      733,801              –

Total current liabilities                                            3,600,995      2,695,218

NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                  27,218,097     24,746,577

TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                               31,470,393     28,962,631




                                                                            2025 INTERIM REPORT   37
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement
     of Financial Position
     As at 30 June 2025



                                                              30 June    31 December
                                                   Notes        2025             2024
                                                           (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000

     NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Lease liabilities                             10(b)      58,750          61,013
     Deferred tax liabilities                                293,788         200,189
     Other non-current liabilities                            21,279          21,515

     Total non-current liabilities                           373,817         282,717

     NET ASSETS                                            31,096,576     28,679,914

     EQUITY
     Equity attributable to owners of the parent
     Share capital                                  19             52             52
     Treasury shares                                20         (3,284)       (13,215)
     Reserves                                              31,099,808     28,693,077

     Total equity                                          31,096,576     28,679,914




38   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement
of Changes in Equity
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



                                                                 Share-based                   Merger      Exchange     Statutory
                                            Share       Share        payment    Treasury reserve/other   fluctuation     surplus     Retained       Total
                                 Notes     capital   premium*       reserve*      shares reserves*          reserve*   reserves*      profits*     equity
                                         RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

At 1 January 2025 (audited)                    52 13,999,985        463,072     (13,215)      (59,391)     371,369      906,781 13,011,261 28,679,914
Profit for the period                           –          –              –           –             –            –            – 3,134,929 3,134,929
Exchange differences on
   translation of foreign
   operations                                   –           –              –          –             –      (86,108)            –            –      (86,108)

Total comprehensive income for
   the period                                   –           –              –          –             –      (86,108)            –    3,134,929    3,048,821
Issuance of new shares under
   share award scheme                           –      31,608              –    (31,608)            –             –            –            –            –
Subscription of shares under
   share award scheme                           –     290,686      (301,048)     41,539             –             –            –           –       31,177
Share-based payments                            –           –        71,574           –             –             –            –           –       71,574
Dividends declared                7             –           –             –           –             –             –            –    (734,910)    (734,910)

At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                    52 14,322,279        233,598      (3,284)      (59,391)     285,261      906,781 15,411,280 31,096,576

At 1 January 2024 (audited)                    52 14,095,522        325,347    (108,629)      (59,391)     136,922      898,586 10,506,364 25,794,773
Profit for the period                           –          –              –           –             –            –            – 2,725,525 2,725,525
Exchange differences on
   translation of foreign
   operations                                   –           –              –          –             –       84,657             –            –      84,657

Total comprehensive income for
   the period                                   –           –              –          –             –       84,657             –    2,725,525    2,810,182
Issuance of new shares under
   share award scheme                           –       5,428              –          –             –             –            –            –        5,428
Subscription of shares under
   share award scheme                           –    (100,965)            –     128,723             –             –            –            –      27,758
Share-based payments                            –           –        67,587           –             –             –            –            –      67,587
Repurchase of shares under
   share award scheme                           –           –              –    (33,693)            –             –            –           –      (33,693)
Dividends declared                7             –           –              –          –             –             –            –    (768,760)    (768,760)
Transfer from retained profits                  –           –              –          –             –             –        8,195      (8,195)           –

At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                    52 13,999,985        392,934     (13,599)      (59,391)     221,579      906,781 12,454,934 27,903,275

*       These reserve accounts comprise the reserves of RMB31,099,808,000 and RMB27,916,822,000 in the
        condensed consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2025 and 30 June 2024, respectively.




                                                                                                                             2025 INTERIM REPORT              39
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement
     of Cash Flows
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



                                                                      Notes        2025           2024
                                                                              (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)
                                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000

     CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
     Profit before tax                                                        3,688,152      3,118,186

     Adjustments for:
     Impairment of trade receivables, net                              5         (2,369)         6,943
     Impairment of inventories, net                                    5         16,698          6,765
     Impairment of property, plant and equipment                       5              –         27,667
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                     5        176,454        198,163
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                               5         14,255         11,713
     Amortisation of deferred income                                               (236)          (236)
     Amortisation of intangible assets                                 5          6,565          6,891
     (Gain)/loss on disposal of items of property,
       plant and equipment                                             4            (908)          499
     Fair value loss/(gain) of financial assets at
       fair value through profit or loss                               4          35,564       (55,777)
     Investment income                                                 4         (17,167)      (84,646)
     Interest income from deposits with initial terms of over three
       months when acquired                                                     (470,470)     (316,802)
     Finance costs                                                     4           1,633         4,943
     Share-based payments                                              5          78,585        67,587

                                                                              3,526,756      2,991,896

     Decrease in trade and bills receivables                                     378,398       268,893
     Increase in prepayments, other receivables and other assets                 (16,087)     (134,556)
     Increase in inventories                                                     (18,963)      (30,489)
     Increase in trade and bills payables                                         50,803        10,799
     (Decrease)/increase in other payables and accruals                         (107,880)       73,346
     Increase/(decrease) in contract liabilities                                 159,973       (20,310)

     Cash generated from operations                                           3,973,000      3,159,579
     Income tax paid                                                           (367,520)      (477,196)

     Net cash flows from operating activities                                 3,605,480      2,682,383




40   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement
of Cash Flows
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



                                                                    Notes        2025           2024
                                                                            (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)
                                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                          1,196         18,917
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                    (173,374)      (101,846)
Purchases of intangible assets                                                 (53,061)       (26,230)
Purchases of land use rights                                                         –       (219,668)
Purchase of equity investments designated at fair value through
   profit or loss                                                              (74,634)       (67,417)
(Increase)/decrease in bank deposits with initial term of over
   three months when acquired                                               (2,348,237)     2,733,001
Decrease/(increase) in financial products included in other
   financial assets                                                           745,919        (625,218)
Decrease in financial products included in financial assets at
   fair value through profit or loss                                                 –        191,000
Interest income received from deposits with initial terms of over
   three months when acquired                                                 371,240         316,081
Investment income received from financial products included in
   other financial assets                                                       17,167         84,646
Investment income received from financial products included in
   financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                         8,206         65,603

Net cash flows (used in)/from investing activities                          (1,505,578)     2,368,869

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Lease payments                                                                 (11,129)        (9,417)
Repayment of convertible bonds                                                       –     (4,183,198)
Repurchase of shares under the share award scheme                                    –        (33,693)
Proceeds from employees for subscription of shares under the
  share award scheme                                                            31,177         33,186
New bank loans                                                                       –        500,000
Repayment of bank loans                                                              –       (500,000)
Interest paid                                                                        –         (3,207)

Net cash flows from/(used in) financing activities                              20,048     (4,196,329)

NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                   2,119,950         854,923

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                            2,322,701       5,980,513
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                   (5,231)        (39,232)

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                                  4,437,420       6,796,204

ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and bank balances, unrestricted                                 14     4,412,438       6,722,852
Non-pledged time deposits with initial term of less than three
  months when acquired                                               14         24,982         73,352

Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated
  statement of cash flows                                                   4,437,420       6,796,204


                                                                                    2025 INTERIM REPORT   41
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     1.   CORPORATE INFORMATION

          The Company is an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability
          under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands.

     2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION

          The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30 June
          2025 has been prepared in accordance with HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting . The interim
          condensed consolidated financial information does not include all the information and disclosures
          required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s
          annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024.

          The interim condensed consolidated financial information is presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), and all
          values are rounded to the nearest thousand (“RMB’000”) except when otherwise indicated.

     2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

          The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial
          information are consistent with those applied in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated
          financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024, except for the adoption of the
          following amended HKFRS Accounting Standard for the first time for the current period’s financial
          information.

          Amendments to HKAS 21                         Lack of Exchangeability

          The nature and impact of the amended HKFRS Accounting Standard are described below:

          Amendments to HKAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable
          into another currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when
          exchangeability is lacking. The amendments require disclosures of information that enable users
          of financial statements to understand the impact of a currency not being exchangeable. As the
          currencies that the Group had transacted with and the functional currencies of group entities for
          translation into the Group’s presentation currency were exchangeable, the amendments did not
          have any impact on the interim condensed consolidated financial information.

     3.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

          Information about geographical areas

          Since about 80% of the Group’s revenue were generated from the sale of pharmaceutical products
          in Chinese Mainland and most of the Group’s identifiable operating assets and liabilities were
          located in Chinese Mainland, no geographical segment information in accordance with HKFRS 8
          Operating Segments is presented.

          Information about major customers

          Other than that the collaboration revenue from a wholly-owned subsidiary of Merck Sharp & Dohme
          LLC amounted to approximately 10% of the Group’s revenue for the six months ended 30 June
          2025, no other revenue from the Group’s sales to a single customer amounted to 10% or more of
          the Group’s revenue during the reporting period.



42   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



4.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND OTHER EXPENSES, NET

     An analysis of revenue and other income is as follows:

                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                           2025               2024
                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                    (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     Revenue from contracts with customers
     Sales of products – at a point in time                         5,776,795            5,103,080
     Collaboration revenue – at a point in time                     1,656,764            1,402,421

     Total                                                          7,433,559            6,505,501

     Other income
     Investment income                                                 17,167               84,646
     Government grants                                                 48,558               21,918
     Bank interest income                                             512,393              374,011
     Others                                                               295                  388

     Total                                                            578,413              480,963

     An analysis of other expenses, net is as follows:

                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                           2025               2024
                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                    (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     Other expenses, net
     Gain/(loss) on disposal of items of property,
       plant and equipment                                                908                 (499)
     Losses on derecognition of financial assets
       at amortised cost                                                     –              (4,805)
     Fair value (loss)/gain of financial assets at fair value
       through profit or loss                                         (35,564)              55,777
     Donations                                                              –              (30,438)
     Exchange differences, net                                         (7,496)              22,595
     Impairment of trade receivables, net                               2,369               (6,943)
     Impairment of inventories, net                                   (16,698)              (6,765)
     Impairment of property, plant and equipment                            –              (27,667)
     Interest expense                                                  (1,633)              (4,943)
     Others                                                            (3,373)             (14,350)

     Total                                                            (61,487)             (18,038)




                                                                                 2025 INTERIM REPORT   43
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     5.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX

          The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                    Notes                    2025               2024
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

          Cost of inventories sold                                                       467,450                355,191
          Depreciation of property, plant and equipment               9                  176,454                198,163
          Depreciation of right-of-use assets                         10                  14,255                 11,713
          Amortisation of intangible assets                                                6,565                  6,891
          Impairment of trade receivables, net                         4                  (2,369)                 6,943
          Impairment of inventories, net                               4                  16,698                  6,765
          Impairment of property, plant and equipment                  4                       –                 27,667
          Operating lease expenses                                                         4,125                  3,531
          Auditors’ remuneration                                                           1,630                  1,865
          (Gain)/loss on disposal of items of property,
            plant and equipment                                        4                    (908)                   499
          Investment income                                            4                 (17,167)               (84,646)
          Fair value loss/(gain) of financial assets at fair
            value through profit or loss                               4                  35,564                (55,777)
          Bank interest income                                         4                (512,393)              (374,011)
          Exchange differences, net                                    4                   7,496                (22,595)

          Employee benefit expense
           Wages and salaries                                                          1,026,868                970,726
           Social welfare and other benefits*                                            469,594                442,141
           Share-based payments                                                           78,585                 67,587

          Total                                                                        1,575,047             1,480,454

          *       There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing
                  level of contributions.




44   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



6.   INCOME TAX

     The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profits arising in or derived from the
     jurisdictions in which members of the Group are domiciled and operate.

     Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands, the
     Group is not subject to any income tax in the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands.

     The subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong and the subsidiaries registered as Hong Kong
     tax residents are subject to income tax at the rate of 16.5% (2024: 16.5%) on the estimated
     assessable profits arising in Hong Kong during the reporting period. The first HK$2,000,000 (2024:
     HK$2,000,000) of assessable profits of each subsidiary are taxed at 8.25% (2024: 8.25%) and the
     remaining assessable profits are taxed at 16.5% (2024: 16.5%).

     The provision for the PRC enterprise income tax is based on the statutory rate of 25% of the
     assessable profits of certain PRC subsidiaries of the Group as determined in accordance with the
     Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC which was approved and became effective on 1 January
     2008, except for certain subsidiaries of the Group in Chinese Mainland which are granted tax
     concession and are taxed at preferential tax rates.

     In 2023, Jiangsu Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. and Shanghai Hansoh Biomedical Co.,
     Ltd., subsidiaries of the Company, renewed their “High and New Technology Enterprise” (“HNTE”)
     qualification and were entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for a period of three years
     from 2023 to 2025.

     In 2024, Changzhou Hansoh Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, renewed its
     HNTE qualification and was entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for the period from
     2024 to 2026.

     The income tax expense of the Group for the periods presented is analysed as follows:

                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2025               2024
                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                        (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     Current income tax                                                    459,624              396,930
     Deferred income tax                                                    93,599               (4,269)

     Total                                                                 553,223              392,661

     The Group is primarily operating in Chinese Mainland, also in Hong Kong and the United States.
     The Group’s ultimate holding company is incorporated in the Cayman Islands and is a tax resident
     of Hong Kong. It has subsidiaries in Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong, the United States and the
     British Virgin Islands (BVI). The Group falls within the scope of the OECD Pillar Two rules. In
     December 2024, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government announced the Global
     minimum effective tax rate and the minimum top-up tax in Hong Kong will take effect from the
     financial year starting on or after 1 January 2025, which has been passed by the Legislative Council
     of Hong Kong in May 2025. As of the date of this report, other jurisdictions have not issued relevant
     announcements.



                                                                                     2025 INTERIM REPORT     45
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     6.   INCOME TAX (Continued)

          The Group has assessed its potential tax exposure based on the information available regarding
          the financial performance of the Group in the current period. Such assessment may not be entirely
          representative of future circumstances. Based on the assessment, the Group should benefit from
          the transitional safe harbour provisions in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates, including
          the United States, Hong Kong, Cayman Islands and BVI. The Group’s effective tax rates for
          operating entities in Chinese Mainland are above 15% and the directors of the Company are not
          currently aware of any circumstances under which they might change. Therefore, the Group does
          not expect potential exposure to Pillar Two “top-up” taxes. The Group continues to follow legislative
          developments, as more countries prepare to enact the Pillar Two model rules, to evaluate the
          potential future impact on its financial statements.

     7.   DIVIDENDS

                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                             (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

          2024 final dividends declared – HK$13.53 cents per
            ordinary share (2023 final dividends declared –
            HK$14.22 cents per ordinary share)                                  734,910              768,760

          Pursuant to the resolutions of the shareholders of the Company dated 20 June 2025, the Company
          declared dividends of HK$13.53 cents per ordinary share (13 June 2024: HK$14.22 cents per
          ordinary share), amounting to a total of approximately RMB734,910,000 (six months ended 30 June
          2024: RMB768,760,000).

     8.   EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT

          The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit for the period attributable to
          ordinary equity holders of the parent of RMB3,134,929,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024:
          RMB2,725,525,000), and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 5,937,754,754 (six
          months ended 30 June 2024: 5,925,786,074) outstanding during the period, which are adjusted to
          reflect the changes in the number of ordinary shares during the period.

          The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the period
          attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent, adjusted to reflect the interest and the fair
          value on the convertible bonds. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the
          calculation of the diluted earnings per share is the weighted average number of ordinary shares in
          issue of the parent, as used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average
          number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued on the conversion of all dilutive potential
          shares into ordinary shares.




46   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



8.   EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
     (Continued)

     The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2025               2024
                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                        (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     Earnings
     Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent
       used in the basic earnings per share calculation                 3,134,929            2,725,525

     Interest on convertible bonds                                            272                  265

     Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent
       used in the diluted earnings per share calculation               3,135,201            2,725,790

                                                                       Adjusted number of shares
                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                       (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     Shares
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in
       issue during the period used in the basic
       earnings per share calculation                               5,937,754,754        5,925,786,074

     Effect of dilution – weighted average number
       of ordinary shares:
       Restricted share units                                          17,941,276           20,143,737
       Convertible bonds                                                  725,384              703,086

     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in
      issue during the period used in the diluted
      earnings per share calculation                                5,956,421,414        5,946,632,897

     Basic earnings per share (RMB per share)                                 0.53                0.46
     Diluted earnings per share (RMB per share)                               0.53                0.46




                                                                                     2025 INTERIM REPORT   47
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     9.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                      For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                          (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

          At beginning of period:
            Cost                                                          5,055,316           5,007,661
            Accumulated depreciation and impairment                      (2,250,551)         (1,962,601)

          Net carrying amount                                             2,804,765           3,045,060

          At beginning of period, net of accumulated
            depreciation and impairment                                   2,804,765           3,045,060
            Additions                                                       142,353              60,409
            Disposals                                                          (288)            (19,416)
            Depreciation provided during the period                        (176,454)           (198,163)
            Impairment                                                            –             (27,667)
            Transfer                                                         (3,810)             (1,007)
            Exchange realignment                                               (378)                117

          At end of period, net of accumulated
            depreciation and impairment                                   2,766,188           2,859,333

          At end of period:
            Cost                                                          5,185,184           4,978,627
            Accumulated depreciation and impairment                      (2,418,996)         (2,119,294)

          Net carrying amount                                             2,766,188           2,859,333

     10. LEASES

          The Group as a lessee

          The Group has lease contracts for various items of land use rights and property. Lump sum
          payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with lease periods of
          50 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land leases. Leases of
          buildings generally have lease terms between 3 and 12 years. Generally, the Group is restricted
          from assigning and subleasing the leased assets outside the Group.




48   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



10. LEASES (Continued)

     The Group as a lessee (Continued)

     (a) Right-of-use assets

                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                2025               2024
                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                         (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

           At beginning of the period                                      442,405               234,663
           Additions                                                         8,880               225,805
           Exchange realignment                                               (218)                  385
           Depreciation charge                                             (14,255)              (11,713)

           At end of the period                                            436,812               449,140

     (b) Lease liabilities

           The carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the period are as follows:

                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                2025               2024
                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                         (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

           Carrying amount at beginning of the period                        77,019               80,795
           New leases                                                         8,880                6,137
           Accretion of interest recognised during the period                 1,361                1,471
           Exchange realignment                                                (251)                 431
           Payments                                                         (11,129)              (9,417)

           Carrying amount at end of the period                             75,880                79,417




                                                                                       2025 INTERIM REPORT   49
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     10. LEASES (Continued)

          The Group as a lessee (Continued)

          (c) The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

                  Interest on lease liabilities                                  1,361               1,471
                  Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                    14,255              11,713
                  Short-term lease expenses                                      4,125               3,531

                  Total                                                         19,741              16,715

     11. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

                                                                               30 June        31 December
                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)           (Audited)

          Trade receivables                                                  2,744,215           3,139,904
          Provision for impairment                                             (10,056)            (12,425)

          Net carrying amount                                                2,734,159           3,127,479
          Bills receivable                                                      59,575              42,284

          Total                                                              2,793,734           3,169,763

          An ageing analysis of trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice
          date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                               30 June        31 December
                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)           (Audited)

          Within 90 days                                                     2,731,434           3,105,364
          91 days to 180 days                                                    1,439               5,447
          Over 180 days                                                          1,286              16,668

          Total                                                              2,734,159           3,127,479




50   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



11. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (Continued)

     An ageing analysis of bills receivable as at the end of the reporting period, based on the billing date,
     is as follows:

                                                                              30 June         31 December
                                                                                2025                  2024
                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                           (Unaudited)            (Audited)

     Within 90 days                                                            54,024                41,441
     91 days to 180 days                                                        5,551                   843

     Total                                                                     59,575                42,284

     The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     At beginning of the period                                                12,425                30,604
     Provision for impairment, net                                             (2,369)                6,943

     At end of the period                                                      10,056                37,547

     Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables
     using a provision matrix:

                                                                          Past due
                                                               Within      90 days          Over
                                                  Current     90 days     to 1 year       1 year       Total

     At 30 June 2025
     Expected credit loss rate                   0.35%         0.40%        5.72%       100.00%       0.37%
     Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)          2,741,061         1,506        1,363           285   2,744,215

     Expected credit losses (RMB’000)              9,687            6           78          285      10,056

     At 31 December 2024
     Expected credit loss rate                   0.36%        0.41%         5.71%       100.00%       0.40%
     Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)          3,055,560       66,453        17,677           214   3,139,904

     Expected credit losses (RMB’000)             10,927         275         1,009          214      12,425




                                                                                         2025 INTERIM REPORT    51
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     12. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                       30 June          31 December
                                                                                         2025                   2024
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)             (Audited)

          Current
          Investments in financial products (note (a))                                  17,551                 17,237

          Non-current
          Other unlisted investments, at fair value (note (b))                         732,629                702,283

          Notes:

          (a)   The above investments represent investments in certain financial products issued by commercial banks
                with expected return rates ranging from 3.89% to 5.10% per annum. The returns on all of these financial
                products are not guaranteed. The fair values of the investments approximate to their costs plus expected
                return. None of these investments are either past due or impaired.

          (b)   The balance as at 30 June 2025 represents unlisted equity investments in nine venture capital which
                specialise in making equity investments in the life science industry and two innovative biopharmaceutical
                manufacturers. The Group has an intention of holding them as long-term investments.

     13. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS

                                                                                       30 June          31 December
                                                                                         2025                   2024
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)             (Audited)

          Investments in financial products                                                    –              747,468




52   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



14. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                  30 June          31 December
                                                                                    2025                   2024
                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                               (Unaudited)             (Audited)

     Cash and bank balances, unrestricted                                        4,412,438             2,101,651
     Time deposits with original maturity of less than three
       months when acquired                                                         24,982               221,050
     Time deposits with original maturity of over three months
       when acquired (note (a))                                                22,666,274            20,298,865

     Cash and bank balances                                                    27,103,694            22,621,566

     Note:

     (a)     The above investments represent time deposits with initial term of over three months when acquired
             (including three months) issued by commercial banks with annual return rates ranging from 1.3% to 5.5%.
             None of these investments are either past due or impaired. None of these deposits are pledged.

15. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES

                                                                                  30 June          31 December
                                                                                    2025                   2024
                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                               (Unaudited)             (Audited)

     Trade payables                                                                268,654               217,851

     Total                                                                         268,654               217,851

     An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on
     the invoice date and bills date, is as follows:

                                                                                  30 June          31 December
                                                                                    2025                   2024
                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                               (Unaudited)             (Audited)

     Within 90 days                                                                267,195               211,421
     91 days to 180 days                                                               957                   709
     181 days to 1 year                                                                282                 2,055
     Over 1 year                                                                       220                 3,666

     Total                                                                         268,654               217,851




                                                                                             2025 INTERIM REPORT       53
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     16. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                               30 June         31 December
                                                                                 2025                  2024
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)            (Audited)

          Accrued expenses                                                   1,391,192            1,490,774
          Staff payroll, welfare and bonus payables                            245,830              438,431
          Other tax payables                                                   111,297              160,546
          Payables for purchase of items of property,
            plant and equipment                                                 19,967               27,481
          Other payables                                                       447,164              237,359

          Total                                                              2,215,450            2,354,591

     17. CONVERTIBLE BONDS

          On 22 January 2021, the Company issued US$600,000,000 zero coupon convertible bonds due
          in 2026. The bonds are convertible at the option of the bondholders into ordinary shares after 4
          March 2021 on the basic conversion price of HK$60.00 per share. In accordance with the terms
          and conditions of the convertible bonds, the conversion price was adjusted immediately after
          the record date for the payment of final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the
          payment of interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2024. As a result of the adjustments,
          the conversion price has been adjusted to HK$58.13 per share with effect from 26 June 2024 and
          HK$57.48 per share with effect from 26 September 2024. Any convertible bonds not converted,
          redeemed or purchased and cancelled will be redeemed by the Company on 22 January 2026 at
          the price of the par value.

          The fair value of the liability component was estimated at the issuance date using an equivalent
          market interest rate for a similar bond without a conversion option.

          The convertible bonds comprise two components:

          The debt component was initially measured at fair value amounting to US$562,489,000 (equivalent
          to RMB3,634,633,000). It is subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest
          method after considering the effect of the transaction costs.

          The derivative component comprises conversion options and early redemption options (not
          closely related to the debt component), which were initially measured at fair value amounting to
          US$37,511,000 (equivalent to RMB242,387,000) and subsequently measured at fair value with
          changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss.

          The total transaction costs of US$4,000,000 (equivalent to RMB25,847,000) related to the issue of
          the convertible bonds were allocated to the debt and derivative components in proportion to their
          respective fair values.

          On 22 January 2024, the Company redeemed the convertible bonds at total cash consideration of
          US$590,622,000 (equivalent to RMB4,183,198,000). As the unredeemed convertible bonds are
          convertible at any time on or after 4 March 2021, they are presented as current liabilities as at 30
          June 2025.


54   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



17. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (Continued)

     The convertible bonds have been split into the debt and embedded derivative components as
     follows:

                                                                     Embedded
                                                          Debt       derivative
                                                     component      component           Total
                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

     As at 1 January 2025                               38,090          2,784          40,874
     Exchange realignment                                 (158)           (12)           (170)
     Interest charged                                      272              –             272

     As at 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                     38,204          2,772          40,976

     As at 1 January 2024                            4,220,197          2,743       4,222,940
     Repayment                                      (4,183,198)             –      (4,183,198)
     Exchange realignment                                  231             17             248
     Interest charged                                      265              –             265

     As at 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                     37,495          2,760          40,255




                                                                            2025 INTERIM REPORT   55
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     18. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

          The Group’s Restricted Share Unit Scheme (the “RSU Scheme”) was adopted pursuant to a
          resolution passed on 27 May 2019 for the primary purpose of providing incentives to directors
          and eligible employees and will expire on 13 June 2029. At 30 June 2025, the RSU Scheme
          representing up to an aggregate of 38,379,834 shares of the Company will be available for grant in
          the future.

          The table below discloses movements of the RSU Scheme:

                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                              Number of          Number of
                                                                              restricted          restricted
                                                                              share unit         share unit
                                                                                  Share               Share

          Outstanding as at 1 January                                      25,688,620           35,405,000
          Granted during the period                                         8,560,990           11,397,590
          Cancelled/lapsed during the period                               (1,896,015)          (5,690,065)
          Vested during the period                                        (11,919,135)         (13,599,635)

          Outstanding as at 30 June                                        20,434,460           27,512,890

          During the six months ended 30 June 2025, 8,560,990 restricted share units were granted on 28
          April 2025. Vesting commencement date is 29 April 2025. The closing price of the Group’s shares
          immediately before 28 April 2025, the date of grant, was HK$23.9 per share. These restricted share
          units will be vested subject to certain performance indicators and other requirements in the grant
          letter between the employees and the Group, including requirements based on the achievement
          of the Group’s annual results and the employees’ individual annual performance. Approximately
          34% shall vest on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date and the remaining
          approximately 33% and approximately 33% shall vest on the second and third anniversary of the
          vesting commencement date, respectively.




56   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



18. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)

     The fair value of the restricted share units granted was determined based on the binomial model
     on the date of grant. Such fair value on 28 April 2025 was HK$18.677 per unit. The following
     assumptions were used to calculate the fair value of the restricted share units:

                                                                                           28 April 2025

     Weighted average closing price                                                           HK$23.25
     Purchase price                                                                           HK$4.573
     Vesting period                                                                             3 years
     Vest volatility                                                                    46.06%-47.81%
     Dividend yield                                                                               1.5%
     Risk-free interest rate                                                              2.72%-2.79%

     The binomial model has been used to estimate the fair value of the restricted share units. The
     variables and assumptions used in computing the fair value of the restricted share units are based
     on the directors’ best estimate. Changes in estimates and assumptions may result in changes in fair
     value of the restricted share units.

     At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of restricted
     share units that are expected to vest ultimately. The impact of the revision of the estimates, if any,
     is recognised in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payment reserve.

     The Group recognised share-based payments expense of RMB78,585,000 (six months ended 30
     June 2024: RMB67,587,000) during the reporting period.




                                                                                     2025 INTERIM REPORT      57
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     19. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                       30 June          31 December
                                                                                         2025                   2024
                                                                                          RMB                   RMB
                                                                                    (Unaudited)             (Audited)

          Issued and paid: 5,947,150,070 shares of HK$0.00001
            each (31 December 2024: 5,935,650,070 shares of
            HK$0.00001 each)                                                            52,393                52,286

          A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:

                                                                                     Number of
                                                                                shares in issue         Share capital
                                                                                                                RMB

          At 1 January 2025 (audited)                                           5,935,650,070                 52,286

          Issue of shares pursuant to the Group’s RSU Scheme
            adopted on 27 May 2019, HK$0.00001 each (note (a))                     11,500,000                     107

          At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                                           5,947,150,070                 52,393

          Note:

          (a)     On 22 April 2025, the Company issued 11,500,000 new ordinary shares to Computershare Hong Kong
                  Trustees Limited (the “RSU Trustee”) at the price of HK$2.9595 per share, pursuant to the terms of the
                  RSU Scheme approved and adopted on 27 May 2019 for vesting of the restricted share units.




58   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



20. TREASURY SHARES

     As instructed by the Board, the RSU Trustee is appointed to acquire a certain number of shares
     from the open market for the RSU Scheme, and the purchased shares will be held by the RSU
     Trustee, recognised as treasury shares, until such shares are vested in accordance with the
     provisions of the RSU Scheme.

     During the six months ended 30 June 2025, a summary of movements in the Company’s treasury
     shares is as follows:

                                                                 Number of shares      Treasury shares
                                                                                             RMB’000

     At 1 January 2025                                                 1,315,065                13,215
     Shares issued for RSU Scheme                                     11,500,000                31,608
     Vested                                                          (11,620,418)              (41,539)

     At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                                       1,194,647                 3,284

21. COMMITMENTS

     The Group had the following contractual commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                         30 June         31 December
                                                                           2025                  2024
                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                      (Unaudited)            (Audited)

     Contracted, but not provided for acquisition of property,
       plant and equipment                                               155,715               326,242




                                                                                    2025 INTERIM REPORT   59
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     22. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

          (a)   Name of and relationship with a related party

                Name                                            Relationship

                江蘇恒瑞醫藥股份有限公司                                    Entity controlled by a close family member
                 (Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine)                       of a director
                山東盛迪醫藥有限公司                                      Entity controlled by a close family member
                 (Shandong Shengdi Medicine)                      of a director
                成都新越醫藥有限公司                                      Entity controlled by a close family member
                 (Chengdu Xinyue Medicine)                        of a director
                成都盛迪醫藥有限公司                                      Entity controlled by a close family member
                 (Chengdu Shengdi Medicine)                       of a director
                福建盛迪醫藥有限公司                                      Entity controlled by a close family member
                 (Fujian Shengdi Medicine)                        of a director
                蘇州盛迪亞生物醫藥有限公司                                   Entity controlled by a close family member
                 (Suzhou Shengdiya Medicine)                      of a director

          (b)   Transactions with a related party

                The following transactions were carried out with a related party:

                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                               (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

                Sales of property, plant, and equipment
                  Controlled by a close family member of a director                     –             17,151

                Purchasing of products
                 Controlled by a close family member of a director                  2,371                    291

                Purchasing of services
                 Controlled by a close family member of a director                  8,464                    535

                The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the above sales to related parties and
                purchases from related parties were conducted in the ordinary course of business and on
                normal commercial terms.




60   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



22. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (c)   Outstanding balances with related parties

                                                                      30 June         31 December
                                                                        2025                  2024
                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                   (Unaudited)            (Audited)

           Amounts due to related parties
            Controlled by a close family member of a director          13,469                4,555

     (d)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:

                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                           2025               2024
                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                    (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

           Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                   39,438               34,124
           Performance related bonuses                                 37,710               18,691
           Share-based payments                                        34,539               29,982
           Pension scheme contributions                                 1,250                1,107

           Total compensation paid to key management
             personnel                                                112,937               83,904




                                                                                 2025 INTERIM REPORT   61
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     23. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

          The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with
          carrying amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:

          Financial assets

                                                  Carrying amount                     Fair value
                                                30 June     31 December          30 June     31 December
                                                  2025              2024           2025              2024
                                               RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000
                                             (Unaudited)        (Audited)     (Unaudited)        (Audited)

          Financial assets at fair value
            through profit or loss              750,180          719,520         750,180           719,520
          Bills receivable                       59,575           42,284          59,575            42,284

          Total                                 809,755          761,804         809,755           761,804

          Financial liabilities

                                                  Carrying amount                     Fair value
                                                30 June     31 December          30 June     31 December
                                                  2025              2024           2025              2024
                                               RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000
                                             (Unaudited)        (Audited)     (Unaudited)        (Audited)

          Convertible bonds – debt
            component                            38,203             38,090         38,203           38,090
          Convertible bonds – embedded
            derivative instruments                2,773              2,784          2,773            2,784

          Total                                  40,976             40,874         40,976           40,874

          Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, time deposits with
          original maturity of over three months when acquired, trade and bills receivables, trade and bills
          payables, deposits and other receivables, financial liabilities included in other payables and
          accruals and dividends payable approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term
          maturities of these instruments.

          The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the
          instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a
          forced or liquidation sale.




62   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



23. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

     The fair values of the non-current portion of lease liabilities have been calculated by discounting
     the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms,
     credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s own non-
     performance risk for lease liabilities as at 30 June 2025 were assessed to be insignificant. The fair
     value of the liability portion of the convertible bonds is estimated by discounting the expected future
     cash flows using an equivalent market interest rate for a similar convertible bond with consideration
     of the Group’s own non-performance risk.

     The Group held bills receivable within a business model whose objective is achieved by both
     collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets. Bills receivable is measured at
     fair value through other comprehensive income. The Group has estimated the fair value of bills
     receivable by using a discounted cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of
     instruments with similar terms and risks.

     The fair value of unlisted equity investments designated at fair value through profit or loss has been
     estimated based on the most recent transaction price.

     The Group invests in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, which represent wealth
     management products issued by banks. The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted
     investments by using a discounted cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of
     instruments with similar terms and risks.

     Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments
     together with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024:

     Financial            Valuation       Significant                               Sensitivity of fair value
     instruments          technique       unobservable input Range                  to the input

     Bills receivable    Discounted       Discount rate per    2.85% to 3.15%    5% (2024:5%)
       held both to        cash flow        annum                (2024: 2.95% to  increase/decrease in
       collect cash        method                                3.26%)           discount rate would
       flows and to sell                                                          result in decrease/
                                                                                  increase in fair
                                                                                  value by 0.01%
                                                                                  (2024: 0.01%)




                                                                                      2025 INTERIM REPORT       63
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025



     23. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

          Fair value hierarchy

          The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial
          instruments:

          Assets measured at fair value:

                                                                Fair value measurement using
                                                      Quoted
                                                       prices     Significant  Significant
                                                    in active     observable unobservable
                                                     markets          inputs       inputs         Total
                                                    (Level 1)       (Level 2)     (Level 3)
                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

          As at 30 June 2025

          Financial assets at fair value through
            profit or loss                                 –         17,551        732,629     750,180
          Bills receivable                                 –              –         59,575      59,575

          Total                                            –         17,551        792,204     809,755

          As at 31 December 2024

          Financial assets at fair value through
            profit or loss                                 –         17,237        702,283     719,520
          Bills receivable                                 –              –         42,284      42,284

          Total                                            –         17,237        744,567     761,804




64   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



23. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

     Liabilities measured at fair value:

                                                                Fair value measurement using
                                                      Quoted
                                                    prices in     Significant  Significant
                                                       active     observable unobservable
                                                     markets          inputs       inputs               Total
                                                    (Level 1)       (Level 2)       (Level 3)
                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

     As at 30 June 2025

     Convertible bonds – embedded
       derivative instruments                               –               –          2,773           2,773

     As at 31 December 2024

     Convertible bonds – embedded
       derivative instruments                               –               –          2,784           2,784

     During the period/year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and
     Level 2 and no transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2024:
     Nil).

24. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     The Group has no material events after the reporting period up to the date of this report.




                                                                                        2025 INTERIM REPORT       65
     Definitions


     In this interim report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the meanings
     set out below.

     “AACR”                            American Association for Cancer Research

     “ADC”                             antibody-drug conjugate

     “Amgen”                           Amgen INC

     “Apex Medical”                    APEX MEDICAL COMPANY LTD., a company incorporated in the BVI as
                                       a limited liability company and wholly-owned by Mr. Cen Junda

     “AQP4”                            anti-aquaporin-4

     “associate”                       has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

     “Audit Committee”                 the audit committee of the Board

     “BD”                              business development

     “Biotheus”                        Biotheus Inc.

     “BLA”                             Biologics License Application

     “Board”                           the board of Directors of the Company

     “BTD”                             Breakthrough-Therapy-Designated

     “BTKi”                            Bruton’s tyrosine kinase inhibitor

     “BVI”                             the British Virgin Islands

     “China” or “PRC”                  the People’s Republic of China

     “CNS”                             central nervous system

     “Company” or “our Company”        Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company Limited, a company
                                       incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability, its shares are
                                       listed and traded on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange

     “Company Code”                    the Company’s own code of conduct regarding securities transactions
                                       of the Company by Directors and relevant employees




66   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Definitions


“Convertible Bonds”              On January 22, 2021, the Company completed the issuance of US$600
                                 million of zero-coupon convertible bonds due in 2026 to professional
                                 investors (has the meaning given to it in the Securities and Futures
                                 Ordinance (Cap. 571) and the Securities and Futures (Professional
                                 Investors) Rules (Cap. 571D)), which are listed and traded on the Stock
                                 Exchange with bond code of 40546

“Corporate Governance Code”      the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing
  or “CG Code”                   Rules

“Director(s)”                    the director(s) of the Company

“EGFR”                           epidermal growth factor receptor

“EPO”                            erythropoietin

“ESG”                            environmental, social and governance

“ESG Committee”                  the environmental, social and governance committee of the Board

“FDA”                            the United States Food and Drug Administration

“GIP”                            glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide

“GLP-1”                          glucagon-like peptide-1

“GLP-1RA”                        GLP-1 receptor agonist

“GMP”                            Good Manufacturing Practice

“Group”, “our Group”,            the Company and its subsidiaries and, in respect of the period before
  “we” or “us”                   the Company became the holding company of our present subsidiaries,
                                 the businesses operated by such subsidiaries or their predecessors (as
                                 the case may be)

“GSK”                            GlaxoSmithKline Intellectual Property (No.4) Limited

“Harmonia Holding”               Harmonia Holding Investing (PTC) Limited

“HK$” or “Hong Kong dollar(s)”   Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
  or “cent”

“Hong Kong” or “HK”              the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC




                                                                                   2025 INTERIM REPORT     67
     Definitions


     “IgG4-RD”                   immunoglobulin G4-related disease

     “Latest Practicable Date”   August 31, 2025, being the latest practicable date prior to the printing
                                 of this interim report for the purpose of ascertaining certain information
                                 contained herein

     “Listing Rules”             the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                                 Hong Kong Limited, as amended or supplemented from time to time

     “Lupeng Pharma”             Guangzhou Lupeng Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (廣州麓鵬製藥有限公司)

     “Main Board”                the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock
                                 Exchange which is independent from and operated in parallel with the
                                 Growth Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange. For the avoidance of
                                 doubt, the Main Board excludes the GEM of the Stock Exchange

     “MHRA”                      Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency in the United
                                 Kingdom

     “Model Code”                the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
                                 Issuers as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

     “MSD”                       Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC

     “NHC”                       the National Health Commission of the PRC (中國國家衛生健康委員會)

     “NMOSD”                     neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder

     “NMPA”                      the National Medical Products Administration of the PRC (中國國家藥
                                 品監督管理局)

     “Nomination Committee”      the nomination committee of the Board

     “NRDL”                      the National Reimbursement Drug List for Basic Medical Insurance,
                                 Work-Related Injury Insurance and Maternity Insurance Catalogue*
                                 ( 國家基本醫療保險、工傷保險和生育保險藥品目錄 ) released by the
                                 National Healthcare Security Administration ( 國家醫保局 ) and the
                                 Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security (人力資源社會保障部)

     “NSCLC”                     non-small cell lung cancer

     “Prospectus”                the prospectus of the Company dated May 31, 2019

     “Qyuns”                     Qyuns Therapeutics Co., Ltd.

     “R&D”                       research and development




68   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Definitions


“Regeneron”                      Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

“Remuneration Committee”         the remuneration committee of the Board

“Renminbi” or “RMB”              Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Reporting Period”               the period of six months from January 1, 2025 to June 30, 2025

“RSU(s)”                         restricted share unit(s)

“RSU Scheme”                     the scheme conditionally approved and adopted by the Company on
                                 May 27, 2019, which has granted RSUs upon completion of the Global
                                 Offering, the details of which are set out in the section headed “Statutory
                                 and General Information” in Appendix IV of the Company’s Prospectus

“RSU Trustee”                    Computershare Hong Kong Trustees Limited

“S&P”                            S&P Global

“SFO”                            the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                 Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                                 time

“Share(s)”                       ordinary share(s) of the Company with nominal value of HK$0.00001
                                 each, which are listed and traded on the Stock Exchange

“Shareholder(s)”                 holder(s) of Shares

“Stellar Infinity”               Stellar Infinity Company Ltd., a company incorporated in the BVI as a
                                 limited liability company and held as to 100% by Sunrise Investment

“Stock Exchange”                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Strategy and Development        the strategy and development committee of the Board
  Committee”

“subsidiary” or “subsidiaries”   has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules




                                                                                      2025 INTERIM REPORT      69
     Definitions


     “Substantial Shareholder(s)”             has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

     “Sunrise Investment”                     Sunrise Investment Advisors Limited, a company incorporated in the
                                              BVI with limited liability and held as to 100% by Harmonia Holding

     “Sunrise Trust”                          Sunrise Trust, a discretionary trust set up by Ms. Sun, of which
                                              Harmonia Holding acts as the trustee pursuant to a trust deed dated
                                              January 28, 2016

     “TKI”                                    tyrosine kinase inhibitor

     “TYK2”                                   tyrosine kinase 2

     “%”                                      percentage

     *     For identification purposes only




70   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
