（Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability）
Contents


  2   Corporate Information

  4   Financial Highlights

  5   Corporate Overview

  6   Management Discussion and Analysis

 20   Corporate Governance and Other Information

 31   Independent Review Report of Interim Financial Information

 32   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

 33   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

 34   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

 36   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

 37   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

 39   Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

 64   Definitions
    Corporate Information


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                      NOMINATION COMMITTEE

    Executive Directors                                     Ms. Zhong Huijuan (鍾慧娟) (Chairlady)
                                                            Mr. Lin Guoqiang (林國強)
    Ms. Zhong Huijuan (鍾慧娟)                                 Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉)
      (Chairlady and Chief Executive Officer)
    Ms. Sun Yuan (孫遠)                                       JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Dr. Lyu Aifeng (呂愛鋒)
                                                            Ms. Zhong Shengli (鍾勝利)
    Independent Non-executive Directors                     Ms. Li Yan Wing Rita (李昕穎) 1
                                                            Ms. Tam Sze Wai Sara (譚思慧) 1
    Mr. Lin Guoqiang (林國強)
    Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉)                       AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤)
                                                            Ms. Sun Yuan (孫遠)
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                         Ms. Li Yan Wing Rita (李昕穎) 1
                                                            Ms. Tam Sze Wai Sara (譚思慧) 1
    Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉) (Chairman)
    Mr. Lin Guoqiang (林國強)                                  LISTING INFORMATION
    Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤)
                                                            Ordinary Shares
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                                            Stock Code: 3692
    Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤) (Chairlady)
    Ms. Zhong Huijuan (鍾慧娟)                                 Convertible Bonds
    Mr. Lin Guoqiang (林國強)                                  US$600,000,000 zero-coupon convertible bonds
                                                            due in 2026 issued on January 22, 2021
    STRATEGY AND DEVELOPMENT COMMITTEE                      The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                                            Convertible Bonds Code: 40546
    Ms. Zhong Huijuan (鍾慧娟) (Chairlady)
    Dr. Lyu Aifeng (呂愛鋒)
    Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉)
    Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤)

    ESG COMMITTEE

    Dr. Lyu Aifeng (呂愛鋒) (Chairman)
    Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤)
    Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉)




    1
         Ms. Li Yan Wing Rita resigned as the joint company secretary, authorized representative and process agent
         of the Company with effect from April 29, 2024. Ms. Tam Sze Wai Sara was appointed as the joint company
         secretary, authorized representative and process agent of the Company with effect from April 29, 2024.


2   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Information


REGISTERED OFFICE IN THE CAYMAN ISLANDS        CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE
                                               REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
P.O. Box 309, Ugland House
Grand Cayman, KY1-1104                         Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
Cayman Islands                                 P.O. Box 1093, Boundary Hall
                                               Cricket Square
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS AND HEAD           Grand Cayman, KY1-1102
OFFICE IN THE PRC                              Cayman Islands

287 Xiangke Road                               HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Pudong New District                            TRANSFER OFFICE
Shanghai
The PRC                                        Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                               17/F, Far East Finance Centre
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG       16 Harcourt Road
                                               Hong Kong
5/F, Manulife Place
348 Kwun Tong Road                             PRINCIPAL BANK
Kowloon
Hong Kong                                      Lianyungang Branch of the Bank of Communications
                                               No. 45 Huanghe Road
AUDITOR                                        Economic & Technical Development Zone
                                               Lianyungang
Ernst & Young                                  Jiangsu
Certified Public Accountants                   The PRC
27/F, One Taikoo Place
979 King’s Road                                COMPANY ’ S WEBSITE
Quarry Bay
Hong Kong                                      www.hspharm.com

HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISOR

Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton (Hong Kong)
37/F, Hysan Place
500 Hennessy Road
Causeway Bay
Hong Kong




                                                                             2024 INTERIM REPORT   3
    Financial Highlights


    For the six months ended June 30, 2024, the Group recorded the following unaudited results:

    •    Revenue was approximately RMB6,506 million, representing an increase of approximately 44.2%
         compared with the corresponding period of the previous year;

    •    Revenue of innovative drugs and collaborative products amounted to approximately RMB5,032
         million, representing an increase of approximately 80.6% compared to the corresponding period of
         the previous year, and its proportion to the revenue increased from 61.8% to 77.4% as compared
         with the corresponding period of the previous year;

    •    R&D expenditure was approximately RMB1,196 million, representing an increase of approximately
         28.7% c o m p a r e d w i t h t h e c o r r e s p o n d i n g p e r i o d o f t h e p r e v i o u s y e a r , a n d a c c o u n t e d f o r
         approximately 18.4% of the revenue;

    •    Profit was approximately RMB2,726 million, representing an increase of approximately 111.5%
         compared with the corresponding period of the previous year;

    •    Basic earnings per share was approximately RMB0.46, representing an increase of approximately
         111.4% compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.

    The increase in revenue, profit and basic earnings per share during the Reporting Period was primarily
    due to the increase in the revenue of innovative drugs and collaborative products.

    The Board has declared the payment of an interim dividend of HK$20.10 cents per share for the six
    months ended June 30, 2024.




4   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Overview


The Company is one of the leading R&D and innovation-driven pharmaceutical companies in China,
driven by its mission of “continuous innovation for better life”, and is committed to becoming the world’s
leading innovation-driven pharmaceutical enterprise.

The Company has established a leading position in some of the largest and fastest-growing therapeutic
areas in the PRC with significant unmet medical needs, including oncology, anti-infectives, CNS diseases,
metabolic and other diseases, and has successfully transformed itself into an innovative biopharma
company that focuses on developing and selling innovative drugs. As at June 30, 2024, the Group has
been approved to market a total of seven innovative drugs, all of which were included in the NRDL issued
by the NHSA. The revenue of innovative drugs and collaborative products amounted to approximately
RMB5,032 million and its proportion of total revenue amounted to approximately 77.4%, becoming a core
driver for sustainable growth of the Company’s performance.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s main achievements are as follows:

In January 2024, HS-10501 tablets, a Category 1 innovative drug self-developed by the Group, obtained
a clinical trial approval issued by the NMPA, which was intended to be used for the treatment of T2DM
and obesity in adults, with specific indication to be determined after the completion of clinical research.

In February 2024, HS-10398 capsules, a Category 1 innovative drug self-developed by the Group,
obtained a clinical trial approval issued by the NMPA, which was intended to be used for the treatment of
immunoglobulin A nephropathy and membranous nephropathy, with specific indication to be determined
after the completion of clinical research.

In March 2024, the Group entered into a license agreement with Biotheus, pursuant to which, the
Group obtained an exclusive license from Biotheus to use HS-20117 (license-in as PM1080) for the
development, manufacture, and commercialization of bispecific ADC product on a global basis, with the
right of sublicense.

In April 2024, HS-10504 tablets, a Category 1 innovative drug self-developed by the Group, obtained a
clinical trial approval issued by the NMPA, which was intended to be used for the treatment of advanced
NSCLC, with specific indication to be determined after the completion of clinical research.

In April 2024, the Group entered into a license agreement with Qyuns, pursuant to which, the Group
obtained an exclusive license from Qyuns to develop and commercialize monoclonal antibody HS-20137
(license-in as QX004N) within China (including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan).

The Company continues to improve its ESG performance. During the year, the Company continued to
be listed in the Sustainability Yearbook (China Edition) 2024 published by S&P Global, with the honor of
ranking among the top 1% in the industry in terms of ESG score.

The website of the Group: www.hspharm.com/




                                                                                     2024 INTERIM REPORT      5
    Management Discussion and Analysis


    INDUSTRY REVIEW

    During the Reporting Period, the reform of China’s pharmaceutical and healthcare system continued to
    deepen, with policies leading to the innovative transformation of the entire chain of the biopharmaceutical
    industry, and “new quality productivity” becoming the engine of development of biopharmaceuticals. With
    the NMPA continuously speeding up the review and approval of innovative and clinically urgently needed
    drugs, the health insurance payments further tilting towards the promotion and application of innovative
    products, and a healthier and more transparent industry environment have catalysed innovation-driven
    pharmaceutical enterprises to continuously increase their investment in R&D, accelerating the pace of
    innovation-driven development, and to lay out therapeutic areas of vast clinical needs around the health
    and well-being of the people to provide more accessible medication choices for patients.

    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS

    For the six months ended June 30, 2024, the Group recorded revenue of approximately RMB6,506
    million, representing an increase of approximately 44.2% compared with the corresponding period of
    the previous year; profit of approximately RMB2,726 million, representing an increase of approximately
    111.5% compared with the corresponding period of the previous year; and earnings per share of
    approximately RMB0.46, representing an increase of approximately 111.4% compared with the
    corresponding period of the previous year; the Group’s revenue of innovative drugs and collaborative
    products amounted to approximately RMB5,032 million, representing an increase of approximately 80.6%
    to the corresponding period, and its proportion of total revenue was approximately 77.4%.

    We generate our revenue primarily from sales of pharmaceutical products. Our main products are
    concentrated in the main therapeutic areas on which the Group strategically targets, including oncology,
    anti-infectives, CNS diseases, metabolic and other diseases. The increase in revenue, profit and basic
    earnings per share during the Reporting Period was primarily due to the increase in the revenue of
    innovative drugs and collaborative products, which is attributable to the increase in sales of innovative
    drugs and an upfront payment from GSK, our collaborator. For further details of the collaborations with
    GSK, please refer to the sub-heading headed “BD” below.




6   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS (Continued)

For the six months ended June 30, 2024, the revenue and product portfolio of our therapeutic areas are
as follows:

Therapeutic Area                       Product Portfolio

Oncology                               Innovative drug Ameile (Aumolertinib Mesilate Tablets),
 (revenue amounted to                  innovative drug Hansoh Xinfu (Flumatinib Mesylate Tablets),
 approximately RMB4,475 million,       Pulaile (Pemetrexed Disodium for Injection), Pulaitan
 accounting for approximately          (Enzalutamide Soft Capsules), Xinwei (Imatinib Mesylate Tablets)
 68.8% of the total revenue)           and Tanneng (Fosaprepitant Dimeglumine for Injection), etc.

Anti-infectives                        Innovative drug Hengmu (Tenofovir Amibufenamide Tablets),
 (revenue amounted to                  innovative drug Mailingda (Morinidazole Sodium Chloride for
 approximately RMB701 million,         Injection) and Hengsen (Micafungin Sodium for Injection), etc.
 accounting for approximately
 10.8% of the total revenue)

CNS diseases                           Innovative drug XINYUE (Inebilizumab Injection),
 (revenue amounted to                  Ameining (Agomelatine Tablets), Ailanning (Paliperidone
 approximately RMB733 million,         Extended-Release Tablets), and Oulanning (Olanzapine
 accounting for approximately          Tablets/Orally Disintegrating Tablets/Oral Soluble Film), etc.
 11.3% of the total revenue)

Metabolic and other diseases           Innovative drug Fulaimei (PEG-Loxenatide for Injection),
 (revenue amounted to                  innovative drug Saint Luolai (Pegmolesatide Injection),
 approximately RMB597 million,         Ruibote (Sodium Rabeprazole Enteric-coated Tablets), Fulaidi
 accounting for approximately          (Repaglinide Tablets), Fulairui (Canagliflozin Tablets) and
 9.1% of the total revenue)            Punuoan (Ambrisentan Tablets), etc.




                                                                                    2024 INTERIM REPORT   7
    Management Discussion and Analysis


    INNOVATIVE DRUG PRODUCTS

    During the Reporting Period, seven of the Group’s approved innovative drugs (Ameile, Hansoh Xinfu,
    Fulaimei, Hengmu, XINYUE, Saint Luolai and Mailingda) and the corresponding 9 indications have been
    included in the NRDL.

    Ameile (阿美樂 ®)

    Ameile (Aumolertinib Mesilate Tablets) is China’s first innovative third-generation EGFR-TKI innovative
    drug independently developed by the Group, and it has been approved for two indications in China, as
    follows: in March 2020, Ameile obtained approval for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or
    metastatic NSCLC with T790M mutation, who have progressed on or after EGFR-TKI therapy, and was
    also successfully renewed in the 2022 NRDL in January 2023; in December 2021, Ameile obtained
    approval to be used as the first-line treatment for adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic
    NSCLC whose tumors have EGFR exon 19 deletions or exon 21(L858R) substitute mutation positive and
    has been included in the 2022 NRDL after negotiations in January 2023.

    From January 2024 to June 2024, multiple academic publications on Ameile were released. Six of
    the studies were selected for the European Lung Cancer Congress (ELCC) 2024, multiple important
    clinical studies were selected at the Annual Meeting of the ASCO 2024, and a retrospective real-world
    research result was first published in the internationally renowned pharmacology journal Frontiers in
    Pharmacology .

    In July 2024, the third NDA of Ameile for adjuvant therapy after tumor resection in patients with NSCLC
    whose tumors have EGFR exon 19 deletions or exon 21(L858R) mutations, was accepted by the NMPA.

    In August 2024, the fourth NDA of Ameile for the treatment in patients with locally advanced,
    unresectable, EGFR exon 19 deletions or exon 21(L858R) mutations, NSCLC without progression
    following definitive platinum-based chemoradiotherapy, was accepted by the NMPA.

    Since the launch of Ameile, a number of indications, including post-operative adjuvant and first-line
    chemotherapy combinations, are in Phase III pivotal clinical trials. The clinical trials of Ameile in
    combination with HS-10241, the Company’s proprietary cMET small molecule, entered Phase III pivotal
    registration clinical trial stage, which is intended for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or
    metastatic NSCLC with EGFR mutation accompanied by MET amplification who have failed treatment with
    EGFR-TKI.

    Ameile has been recommended as Class I or Preferred by eight national diagnosis and treatment
    guidelines, including the Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (“CSCO”): Clinical Guidelines For the
    Diagnosis and Treatment of NSCLC, 2023 * (《中國臨床腫瘤學會非小細胞肺癌診療指南 (2023 版 )》).
    Ameile’s patent titled “EGFR Inhibitor and its Preparation and Application” was also awarded the 24th
    “China Patent Gold Award”* (中國專利金獎). The Group continues to push forward the regulatory review
    process for aumolertinib marketing authorization applications by the Medicines and Healthcare Products
    Regulatory Agency in the United Kingdom and the European Medicines Agency.




8   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


INNOVATIVE DRUG PRODUCTS (Continued)

Hansoh Xinfu (豪森昕福 ®)

Hansoh Xinfu (Flumatinib Mesylate Tablets) is China’ s first self-developed novel second-generation
Bcr-Abl TKI. It was approved for marketing in 2019, was included in the NRDL after negotiations in
2020 and was successfully renewed in the 2022 NRDL in January 2023. Hansoh Xinfu is used for the
treatment of chronic myelogenous leukemia. Based on the results of existing clinical trials, its efficacy
is better than that of imatinib. Further, no pleural effusion or cardiotoxicity which occurs in the use
of other second-generation Bcr-Abl TKI has been observed, and its safety profile is more favorable.
The product has been adopted for long-term application by an increasing number of patients. Hansoh
Xinfu is recommended as the first-line treatment for chronic myelogenous leukemia in the Guidelines
for Diagnosis and Treatment of Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia * (《慢性髓性白血病診斷與治療指南》)
released by the NHC and the Guidelines For the Treatment of Malignant Hematologic Diseases * (  《惡性血
液病診療指南》        ).

Fulaimei (孚來美 ®)

Fulaimei (PEG-Loxenatide for Injection) is the first innovative drug launched leveraging on the Group’s
proprietary PEGylation technology, it is the first original innovative GLP-1RA weekly formulation in China,
which was approved for marketing in May 2019 for the treatment of T2DM. Fulaimei provides a new
treatment option for diabetic patients in China, with clear efficacy in lowering blood glucose, combined
with weight loss, improvement of blood lipids and blood pressure, and renal benefits, with a high degree
of safety, and requiring only one injection per week. Fulaimei was first included in the NRDL after
negotiation in 2020 and was successfully renewed in the 2022 NRDL in January 2023. Fulaimei has been
included in the Guideline For the Prevention and Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in China (2020
edition) * (《中國2型糖尿病防治指南(2020版)》) released by the Chinese Diabetes Society (CDS) in April
2021.




                                                                                     2024 INTERIM REPORT      9
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     INNOVATIVE DRUG PRODUCTS (Continued)

     Hengmu (恒沐 ®)

     Hengmu (Tenofovir Amibufenamide Tablets) is the novel Tenofovir prodrug self-developed by the Group,
     it is also the first wholly developed oral dose medicine indicated for the treatment of hepatitis B virus (HBV)
     infection in China. Hengmu was approved for marketing in June 2021 and was included in the NRDL in
     the same year through negotiation. It was successfully renewed in the 2023 NRDL in December 2023.

     Hengmu is a novel nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor. By optimizing the compound structure,
     Hengmu has higher cell membrane penetration rate, making it easier to enter liver cells to achieve
     liver-targeting effect in order to effectively improve drug plasma stability and reduce systematic exposure
     of tenofovir in patients, it provides a safer option for long-term treatment. The 48-week, 96-week and
     144-week data from the Phase III pivotal clinical study of Hengmu have been published in several
     academic journals and international conferences, and the results of the studies have all confirmed the
     efficacy and safety of Hengmu in the long-term treatment of patients with chronic hepatitis B, especially
     in terms of safety for the bones and kidneys. In March 2024, four research results on Hengmu were
     presented at the 33rd Annual Meeting of the Asia Pacific Association for the Study of Liver (APASL). In
     June 2024, a real-world study on Hengmu was released at the European Association for the Study of the
     Liver (EASL).

     Hengmu has been included in the Guidelines For the Prevention and Treatment of Chronic Hepatitis B
     (version 2022) * (《慢性乙型肝炎防治指南(2022年版)》) as one of the first-line recommendation of antiviral
     therapy for chronic hepatitis B in February 2023, and has also been included in the CSCO: Clinical
     Guidelines For the Diagnosis and Treatment of Hepatocellular, 2022 * (《中國臨床腫瘤學會肝癌診療指南
     (2022年版)》     ) as Class I recommendation. In April 2024, Hengmu was recommended as Grade A in the
     Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines for Primary Liver Cancer (2024 Edition) * (《原發性肝癌診療指南(2024
     年版)》   ) by the NHC.




10   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


INNOVATIVE DRUG PRODUCTS (Continued)

XINYUE (昕越 ®)

XINYUE (Inebilizumab Injection) is a targeted CD19 B-cell depleting antibody for adult patients with
NMOSD who are AQP4 antibody-positive developed by our collaborator, Viela Bio (which was acquired
by Horizon Therapeutics plc in March 2021, and Horizon Therapeutics plc was acquired by Amgen in
December 2023). It was approved for marketing by the U.S. FDA, the Ministry of Health, Labour and
Welfare of Japan, and the European Commission in June 2020, March 2021 and April 2022, respectively.

On May 24, 2019, the Group obtained an exclusive license from Viela Bio to develop and commercialize
XINYUE in designated territories (i.e. the Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong and Macau regions) for NMOSD
as well as other designated potential indications. Our collaborator, Amgen, is currently investigating
global multi-centre clinical trials in IgG4-related diseases (IgG4-RD) and myasthenia gravis (gMG),
including Chinese centres. In June 2024, our collaborator Amgen announced that the top line results
of a randomized double-blind, multicenter, placebo-controlled Phase III clinical trial demonstrated that
Inebilizumab Injection achieved the primary clinical endpoint in the treatment of IgG4-RD.

In March 2022, XINYUE was approved for marketing in the PRC and included in the 2022 NRDL after
negotiation in January 2023. XINYUE has been included in the Chinese Guidelines for the Diagnosis and
Treatment of Neuromyelitis Optica Spectrum Disorders (2021 Edition) * (《中國視神經脊髓炎譜系疾病診
斷與治療指南(2021年版)》              ) with a Class A recommendation. In March 2024, the Expert Guidelines for
Clinical Practice of Inebilizumab in the Treatment of Neuromyelitis Optica Spectrum Disorders * (《伊奈利
珠單抗治療視神經脊髓炎譜系疾病臨床實踐專家指南》                             ) were released in Shanghai.




                                                                                   2024 INTERIM REPORT     11
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     INNOVATIVE DRUG PRODUCTS (Continued)

     Saint Luolai (聖羅萊 ®)

     Saint Luolai (Pegmolesatide Injection), a Category 1 innovative drug which has been self-developed by
     the Group for 15 years, is a long-acting peptide-based ESA promoting the proliferation of red blood cells
     in the body. In June 2023, Saint Luolai has been approved for two indications to treat anemia in CKD
     adult patients who have not received ESA and are not on dialysis, as well as those who are receiving
     short-acting erythropoietin treatment and on dialysis. Saint Luolai was included in the 2023 NRDL in
     December 2023 for the first time through negotiation for its two indications.

     Saint Luolai has a high selectivity agonist EPO Receptor (EPOR). It effectively binds to EPOR
     homodimers, promoting erythropoiesis, and exhibits comparable erythropoietic effects to traditional ESAs
     but demonstrates lower binding to non-erythropoietic heterodimers (EPOR + CD131), which may offer
     potential safety advantages. The data of the Phase III pivotal clinical trial of Saint Luolai (published in
     eClinicalMedicine , a subset of The Lancet in 2023) demonstrated that, as a monthly peptide-based highly
     specific EPO receptor agonist, it has a significantly extended half-life compared to short-acting ESAs
     and enables dosing once every 4 weeks, which enhances patient convenience while improving treatment
     compliance.

     In February 2024, Saint Luolai was included for the first time in the Chinese Expert Consensus on
     Long-acting Erythropoiesis-stimulating Agents in the Treatment of Renal Anemia (2024) * (《長效紅細胞生
     成刺激劑治療腎性貧血中國專家共識(2024年版)》                        ).

     Mailingda (邁靈達 ®)

     Mailingda (Morinidazole Sodium Chloride for Injection), the Group’s first self-developed innovative drug,
     was included in the NRDL after negotiation in 2017, and was renewed in November 2019, December
     2021 (with zero-price reduction) and renewed again in the general list in December 2023. Mailingda is
     the new generation of nitroimidazole-class drug indicated for treatment of pelvic inflammatory disease
     in women, as well as combined surgery for the treatment of suppurative appendicitis and gangrenous
     appendicitis. It has a better safety profile than the previous generation of typical drug named ornidazole.
     Mailingda is recommended for the treatment of intra-abdominal infection in the Chinese Guideline for
     the Diagnosis and Treatment of Intra-abdominal Infection (2019 Edition) * (《中國腹腔感染診治指南(2019
     版)》 ).




12   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


R&D AND INNOVATION

Innovation focus is the core driving force of our Company’s development. The Group has continuously
increased its investments in R&D over the years, built complete R&D platforms, established a number of
proprietary technologies, developed and commercialized a number of innovative drug products, as well
as prepared a series of innovative drugs which are currently at different stages of R&D. Our professional
R&D team consists of over 1,700 research fellows at four R&D centres located in Maryland, United States
and Shanghai, Changzhou and Lianyungang, China. We have several national-level R&D designations,
including the National Technology Center* (國家級技術中心), Post-doctoral Research Station* (博士後科
研工作站) and Key National Laboratory* (國家重點實驗室).

During the six months ended June 30, 2024, we submitted 21 formal patent applications in China and 29
patents were granted; we submitted 49 formal overseas patent applications and 20 patents were granted.

R&D pipeline update

During the six months ended June 30, 2024, the Group had more than 50 clinical trials of innovative
drugs being investigated, covering more than 30 innovative drug products.

Key innovative drugs obtaining first clinical approval during the review period includes: self-developed
new Category 1 drug HS-10501 tablets (intended for the treatment of T2DM and adult obesity);
self-developed Category 1 new drug HS-10398 capsules (intended for the treatment of immunoglobulin
A nephropathy and membranous nephropathy); self-developed Category 1 new drug HS-10504 tablets
(intended for the treatment of advanced NSCLC); HS-20137 monoclonal antibody (intended for the
treatment of autoimmune diseases such as psoriasis) license-in from Qyuns, etc.




                                                                                    2024 INTERIM REPORT     13
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     R&D AND INNOVATION (Continued)

     R&D progress of key products

     HS-20094 is a dual agonist of GLP-1 and GIP receptor self-developed by the Group. By selectively
     activating GLP-1 and GIP receptors, it promotes insulin secretion, delays gastric emptying, inhibits
     appetite and reduces food intake, thereby producing biological effects such as sugar control, weight loss,
     and metabolic improvement. The phase Ila research results of HS-20094 published at the 2024 annual
     meeting of the American Diabetes Association (ADA) demonstrated that HS-20094 had good safety and
     tolerance characteristics in subjects with T2DM, and showed the efficacy of reducing glucose and weight.

     HS-20093 is a novel B7-H3-targeted ADC composed of a fully-humanized B7-H3 monoclonal antibody
     covalently linked to topoisomerase inhibitor (TOPOi) payload self-developed by the Group. HS-20093 is
     currently undergoing several proof of concept (POC) clinical studies in China for the treatment of lung
     cancer, sarcoma, head and neck cancer and Phase I and Phase II clinical studies in other solid tumors.
     At the Annual Meeting of the ASCO 2024, a multicenter, open-label Phase II study of HS-20093 in
     relapsed or refractory bone and soft-tissue sarcomas (study code ARTEMIS-002) was released as an oral
     presentation, with preliminary data demonstrating that HS-20093, in patients with relapsed or refractory
     bone and soft-tissue sarcomas who have been adequately treated in the past, has demonstrated strong
     anti-tumor activity, superior to clinically available standard-of-care historical data, and was well tolerated
     for safety. Clinical study data support the subsequent development of HS-20093 in bone and soft tissue
     sarcomas. In August 2024, GSK, our collaborator, received FDA Breakthrough Therapy Designation for
     GSK5764227 (also known as HS-20093).

     HS-10370 is an oral potent and highly selective small molecule KRAS G12C inhibitor self-developed by
     the Group. The results of the Phase I single-agent clinical study of HS-10370 in advanced solid tumours,
     presented at the 2024 Annual Meeting of the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR),
     demonstrated that HS-10370 has good safety and tolerability characteristics in patients with advanced
     solid tumors, and showed good efficacy in the treatment of advanced solid tumors with the KRAS G12C
     mutation, especially advanced NSCLC, which is expected to bring new treatment options to patients.




14   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


BD

In addition to internal R&D investment, in order to enhance the product pipeline, the Group adheres to
both in-house R&D and external BD collaboration to proactively explore opportunities with relatively high
commercial potential, and actively engage in platform cooperation globally, thus forming a R&D pipeline
layout with differentiated competitive strengths. In terms of in-licensing, as at the end of the Reporting
Period, the Company has introduced a total of 11 collaborative projects, of which nine are in the clinical
stage and the remaining two are in the commercialization stage. The Group also actively pursues
license-out opportunities for its own pipeline products and completed two external licensing approvals.

During the Reporting Period, the expenses of BD projects incurred and recognised as R&D expenditure of
the Group were approximately RMB130 million in total and pursuant to the licensing agreement between
the Group and GSK entered into on December 20, 2023, the Group recognised an upfront payment of
US$185 million BD licensing fees as collaboration revenue from GSK, our collaborator. For details of
our collaborations with GSK, please refer to our announcements dated October 20, 2023, December 20,
2023 and August 20, 2024.

Progress of co-operation projects

Collaboration with Biotheus again

In March 2024, our Group entered into a license agreement with Biotheus and obtained its exclusive
license to use bispecific antibodies targeting EGFR/c-met, including HS-20117, for the development,
production, and commercialization of antibody conjugate products worldwide, with the right to further
sublicense.

HS-20117 is a 1+1 heterodimeric structure of EGFR/c-met bispecific antibody, which can inhibit the
growth and survival of tumors by specifically targeting the tumor antigens EGFR and c-met, and is
currently in clinical research stage of phase I monotherapy and combination therapy.

Collaboration with Qyuns

In April 2024, our Group entered into a licensing agreement with Qyuns and obtained exclusive license
from Qyuns to develop and commercialize HS-20137 monoclonal antibody in China (including Hong
Kong, Macau, and Taiwan).

HS-20137 monoclonal antibody is an innovative drug candidate indicated for psoriasis and Crohn’s
disease. At present, HS-20137 has been initiated in various clinical studies, the highest stage of
development in China is a Phase II clinical trial.




                                                                                     2024 INTERIM REPORT     15
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (ESG)

     Our Group adheres to the core values of “Responsibility, Integrity, Strive, and Innovation”, and is
     committed to improving the accessibility of innovative drugs in areas where clinical demand is scarce.
     At the same time, we optimize corporate control mechanisms, strengthen product quality management
     and pharmacovigilance, improve energy and resource utilization, reduce greenhouse gas emissions,
     attract and build high-quality talent team, safeguard employee rights and well-being, collaborate
     upstream and downstream supply chains, and jointly practice the concept of sustainable development.
     We actively respond to the upgrading of sustainable information disclosure standards both domestically
     and internationally, setting higher environmental goals and continuously improving the disclosure
     of our governance, strategies, risks, indicators and targets on key ESG issues including greenhouse
     gases, climate risks, and drug accessibility. This is in response to the concerns of investors, community
     environment, employees, suppliers, clinical trial participants, ecology, customers, and patients, and
     injects vitality into the long-term sustainable development of the company and society. During the
     Reporting Period, we proactively strengthened our corporate behaviour and business ethics control
     mechanisms, further developed integrity and compliance training to raise the awareness of business
     ethics among our staff, and continued to optimise our systems and processes in an effort to improve our
     compliance management system and make our innovations more accessible through a more rigorous and
     responsible approach.

     During the Reporting Period, the Company was awarded as “TOP 1%” in the Sustainability Yearbook
     (China Edition) 2024 published by S&P Global based on its excellent results in the 2023 S&P Global
     CSA, and topped the pharmaceutical industry in China in the 2023 CSA score. In addition, since our
     MSCI ESG rating was upgraded to AA in October 2023, the Company has continued to improve its policy
     system, implement ESG risk monitoring, and accumulate long-term momentum for global innovation and
     development. While continuously improving the quality of human life, we strive to create diverse social
     values and comprehensively enhance economic, social, and ecological benefits.

     LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

     Currently, the Group follows a set of funding and treasury policies to manage its capital resources and
     mitigate potential risks. The Board considers various funding sources depending on the Group’s funding
     needs to ensure that the financial resources have been used in the most cost-effective and efficient way.
     We also closely monitor the uses of cash resources and strive to maintain a healthy liquidity to meet the
     needs of our operations.

     For the six months ended June 30, 2024, the Group’s operating activities generated a net cash inflow
     of RMB2,682 million. The capital expenditure for the Reporting Period was RMB306 million, mainly
     relating to the purchases of land use rights, the construction of workshops, as well as, among other
     things, the purchase of equipment, motor vehicles, software and patent rights required for production,
     R&D and administrative activities. The cash flow of financing activities for the Reporting Period mainly
     consisted of the redemption of the outstanding convertible bonds in the aggregate principal amount of
     US$590,622,000.




16   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES (Continued)

The Group’s financial position remains sound. As at June 30, 2024, we had cash and bank balances of
RMB21,745 million (as at December 31, 2023: RMB22,435 million), financial assets at fair value through
profit or loss of RMB321 million (as at December 31, 2023: RMB512 million), other financial assets of
RMB1,431 million (as at December 31, 2023: RMB1,910 million). As at June 30, 2024, our financial
assets at fair value through profit or loss and other financial assets primarily comprise of investments
in financial products issued by commercial banks. As each of the financial products was subscribed
with different banks under different terms and are of different nature and none of the financial products
exceeds 5% of the applicable percentage ratios on a standalone basis, the Group’s purchase of financial
products during the six months ended June 30, 2024 does not constitute notifiable transactions of the
Company under the Listing Rules. As at June 30, 2024, the Group’s gearing ratio (calculated as total
liabilities divided by total assets) was approximately 11.9% (as at December 31, 2023: 21.9%).

Most of the Group’s assets and liabilities are denominated in Renminbi and United States Dollars. The
Group manages its foreign exchange risk by closely monitoring its net foreign exchange exposure to
reduce the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations.

PLEDGE OF GROUP ASSETS

As at June 30, 2024, none of the Group’s assets was subject to any encumbrance, mortgage, lien, charge
or pledge.

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at June 30, 2024, the Group had no material contingent liabilities. We are also not currently involved
in any material legal proceedings against us, nor are we aware of any pending or potential material legal
proceedings against us.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD

During the six months ended June 30, 2024, we did not have any significant investments. We will
continue to seek for potential strategic investment opportunities, as well as quality BD programs that can
create synergy effect to the Group.

FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

As at June 30, 2024, the Group did not have any plans for material investments and capital assets.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

During the six months ended June 30, 2024, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or
disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.




                                                                                     2024 INTERIM REPORT     17
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     EMPLOYEES AND EMOLUMENTS POLICY

     As at June 30, 2024, the Group had a total of 9,099 full-time employees, whose remuneration is
     determined based on their performance and experience as well as the prevailing market salary levels.

     The staff costs, including remuneration of the executive Directors, social welfare and other benefits,
     were approximately RMB1,480 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024. We also provide regular
     training to employees designed to strengthen staff commitment to us and improve staff knowledge in a
     number of important areas of our services, such as knowledge about the Company and our products as
     well as sales, laws and regulations applicable to our operation, requirements under applicable GMP or
     other certifications, quality control, production safety and corporate culture.

     The Company has conditionally approved and adopted the RSU Scheme on May 27, 2019 to recognize
     contributions by selected participants and give incentives thereto in order to retain them for the continual
     operation and development of the Group and to attract suitable personnel for further development of
     the Group. Participants may include employees of the Group (such as director, chief executive officer,
     vice president, financial controller, company secretary, members of senior management or key technical
     personnel) as well as any other person selected by the Board at its sole discretion from time to time
     (subject to the compliance of the applicable Listing Rules).

     On April 19, 2024, pursuant to the RSU Scheme, the Company allotted and issued 2,300,000 new
     ordinary shares (aggregate nominal value: HK$23) to RSU Trustee holding such shares for the benefit of
     the participants of the RSU Scheme pursuant to the terms of the RSU Scheme with the issue price per
     share of HK$2.6 as measured by the Company, which was arrived at after taking into consideration the
     number of shares currently held by the RSU Trustee and the purchase prices of the RSUs at the time
     of measurement, and the closing market price per share of immediately preceding business day of the
     issuance is HK$15.66. During the Reporting Period, the RSU Trustee was instructed by the Company
     to purchase an aggregate of 3,000,000 shares from the open market. The RSU Trustee shall hold such
     shares for the benefit of selected participants. As at June 30, 2024, a balance of 1,315,065 shares of the
     Company was held by the RSU Trustee for the RSU Scheme. For details of the RSU Scheme, please refer
     to the section headed “Statutory and General Information – D. Post-IPO RSU Scheme” in Appendix IV to
     the prospectus of the Company dated May 31, 2019.

     During the Reporting Period, RSUs representing 11,397,590 shares of the Company had been granted
     by the Company pursuant to the RSU Scheme. Among the grants during the Reporting Period, all
     RSUs granted to Ms. Sun Yuan (representing 1,300,000 shares of the Company) and Dr. Lyu Aifeng
     (representing 291,850 shares of the Company), both being executive Directors of the Company and
     details of which are set out in the announcement of the Company dated June 27, 2024, only involve
     existing shares of the Company held or to be held by the RSU Trustee, and no new shares of the Company
     were or will be allotted or issued for the vesting of these RSUs. The grant of RSUs to them forms part of
     their remuneration package under their service contracts with the Company and are therefore exempted
     from the reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Rules
     14A.73(6) and 14A.95 of the Listing Rules.




18   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


ADDITIONAL INFORMATION TO THE ANNUAL REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 IN
RELATION TO THE RSU SCHEME

Reference is made to the 2023 Annual Report. Details of the RSUs granted, vested, cancelled and/
or lapsed during the year ended December 31, 2023 were disclosed in the section headed “Directors’
Report – Restricted Share Unit Scheme – 10. Present status of the RSU Scheme” of the 2023 Annual
Report. For the year ended December 31, 2023, an aggregate of 13,810,960 RSUs were vested. The
weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the vesting dates of such RSUs was
HK$14.31 per share.

PROSPECTS

It is our corporate vision to become the world’s leading innovation-driven pharmaceutical enterprise.
We will continue to increase our investment in R&D, seize the ever-changing external opportunities,
accelerate the transfer of R&D results, and promote the rapid market launch of innovative medicines and
therapeutic solutions, in order to better meet the unmet medical needs of patients in China and around
the world. We are committed to healthy and sustainable development and will actively fulfil our corporate
social responsibility to create greater value for our shareholders, patients, society and other stakeholders.




                                                                                       2024 INTERIM REPORT      19
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES ’ INTERESTS AND/OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
     UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

     As at June 30, 2024, the interests and/or short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the
     Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations
     (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO which were (i) required to be notified to the Company and the
     Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and/or short
     positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or (ii) required
     to be entered into the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO,
     or (iii) otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code set out in
     Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules were as follows:

     1.   Interest in shares or underlying shares of the Company

                                                                                         Number of           Approximate
                                                                                          shares or        percentage of
                                                                                         underlying         shareholding
          Name of Director             Capacity/Nature of interest                          shares             interest (1)

          Ms. Zhong Huijuan (2)        Person with influence over a trust          3,900,000,000                 65.70%
          Ms. Sun Yuan (2)(3)          Beneficiary of a trust                      3,900,000,000                 65.70%
                                       Beneficial owner                                3,800,300                  0.06%
          Dr. Lyu Aifeng (4)           Beneficial owner                                2,239,900                  0.04%

          Notes:

          (1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 5,935,650,070 issued shares of the Company as at June
                30, 2024.

          (2)   These ordinary shares in the Company are beneficially owned by Stellar Infinity which is a wholly-owned
                subsidiary of Sunrise Investment, which in turn is wholly owned by Harmonia Holding as trustee for the
                Sunrise Trust, a discretionary trust set up by Ms. Sun Yuan (“Ms. Sun”). Ms. Zhong Huijuan (“Ms. Zhong”)
                is the person who has consent right on key matters in respect of the Sunrise Trust under the trust deed in
                respect of the Sunrise Trust. Accordingly, Ms. Zhong and Ms. Sun are deemed or taken to be interested in
                all the shares of the Company which are beneficially owned by Stellar Infinity for the purpose of Part XV of
                the SFO.

          (3)   In addition to the ordinary shares held by Stellar Infinity, Ms. Sun also holds 1,246,200 ordinary shares
                of the Company vested according to the RSU Scheme and is entitled to 2,554,100 restricted share units
                subject to vesting conditions.

          (4)   Dr. Lyu Aifeng (“Dr. Lyu”) holds 1,387,050 ordinary shares of the Company vested according to the RSU
                Scheme and is entitled to 852,850 restricted share units subject to vesting conditions.




20   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance and Other Information


DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES ’ INTERESTS AND/OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES (Continued)

2.   Interest in shares or underlying shares of associated corporation of the Company

                                                                                        Number of
                                                                                         shares or      Percentage of
                                                                                        underlying       shareholding
                                                                                         shares in         interest in
                               Name of associated        Capacity/                  the associated     the associated
     Name of Director          corporation               Nature of interest            corporation        corporation

     Ms. Zhong Huijuan         Sunrise Investment (1)    Person with influence                100              100%
                                                           over a trust
     Ms. Sun Yuan              Sunrise Investment (1)    Beneficiary of a trust               100              100%

     Note:

     (1)     Sunrise Investment is wholly owned by Harmonia Holding, which is the trustee for the Sunrise Trust, a
             discretionary trust set up by Ms. Sun. Ms. Zhong is the person who has consent right on key matters in
             respect of the Sunrise Trust under the trust deed in respect of the Sunrise Trust. Accordingly, Ms. Zhong
             and Ms. Sun are deemed or taken to be interested in all the shares of Sunrise Investment which are
             beneficially owned by Harmonia Holding for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

      Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2024, so far as is known to the Directors, none of the
      Directors and the chief executives of the Company had or were deemed to have any interest or
      short position in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated
      corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be notified under
      Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the
      Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock
      Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                                                               2024 INTERIM REPORT       21
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND/OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
     UNDERLYING SHARES

     As at June 30, 2024, the interests and/or short positions of persons (other than the Directors and chief
     executives of the Company) in the shares or underlying shares of the Company (within the meaning of
     Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or
     recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO were as
     follows:

                                                                                          Number of            Approximate
                                                                                           shares or         percentage of
                                                                                          underlying          shareholding
     Name of shareholder                Capacity/Nature of interest                          shares              interest (1)

     Stellar Infinity (2)               Beneficial owner                             3,900,000,000                 65.70%
     Sunrise Investment (2)             Interest in controlled corporation           3,900,000,000                 65.70%
     Harmonia Holding (2)               Interest in controlled corporation           3,900,000,000                 65.70%
     JQC International Limited (3)      Interest in controlled corporation             950,000,000                 16.00%
     JQC Holding Limited (3)            Interest in controlled corporation             950,000,000                 16.00%
     Cantrust (Far East) Limited (3)    Interest in controlled corporation             950,000,000                 16.00%
     Apex Medical (3)                   Beneficial owner                               950,000,000                 16.00%
     Mr. Cen Junda (3)                  Founder of a discretionary trust who           950,000,000                 16.00%
                                          can influence how the trustee
                                          exercises his discretion

     Notes:

     (1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 5,935,650,070 issued shares of the Company as at June 30,
           2024.

     (2)   Stellar Infinity is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sunrise Investment, which in turn is wholly owned by Harmonia
           Holding, the trustee of the Sunrise Trust. Therefore, each of Sunrise Investment and Harmonia Holding is
           deemed to be interested in the shares of the Company held by Stellar Infinity pursuant to the SFO.

     (3)   On September 1, 2023, Mr. Cen Junda has transferred all of his interests in Apex Medical, an entity which is
           the beneficial owner of 950,000,000 shares in the Company, to JQC International Limited, which is indirectly
           wholly-owned by Cantrust (Far East) Limited (as trustee of a discretionary trust which Mr. Cen Junda is the
           founder). Accordingly, Mr. Cen Junda has become a person with influence over a trust and is deemed or taken
           to be interested in all the shares of JQC International Limited which are ultimately beneficially owned by Cantrust
           (Far East) Limited for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

     Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2024, so far as is known to the Directors, no person (not being a
     Director or chief executive of the Company) had or was deemed to have any interest or short position in
     the shares or underlying shares of the Company which was required to be notified to the Company under
     Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
     pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.




22   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance and Other Information


RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT SCHEME

We have conditionally approved and adopted a RSU Scheme on May 27, 2019 to recognize contributions
by selected participants and give incentives to them in order to retain them for the continual operation
and development of the Group and to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group.
The RSU Scheme shall be valid for a period of 10 years commencing on June 14, 2019. The eligible
participants of the RSU Scheme include (i) employees (including director, chief executive officer, vice
president, financial controller, company secretary, members of senior management or key technical
personnel) of the Group; and (ii) any other person selected by the Board at its sole discretion from
time to time (subject to the compliance of the applicable Listing Rules). For further details of the RSU
Scheme, please refer to Appendix IV “Statutory and General Information – D. Post-IPO RSU Scheme” of
the prospectus of the Company dated May 31, 2019.

Total number of shares available

No award shall be granted pursuant to the RSU Scheme if, as a result of such grant (assumed accepted),
the aggregate number of shares underlying all grants made pursuant to the RSU Scheme (excluding
awards that have lapsed or been cancelled in accordance with the rules of the RSU Scheme) will exceed
114,118,384 Shares, representing 2% of the number of shares in issue on the June 14, 2019.

The number of RSUs available for grant under the scheme mandate of the RSU Scheme at the beginning
and the end of the Reporting Period are 52,290,594 and 44,348,204 respectively.

The number of shares that may be issued in respect of the RSUs granted under the RSU Scheme, being
the only share schemes of the Company, during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average
number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares) for the period is 0.19%.

As at June 30, 2024, the Company had 44,348,204 Shares available for issue under the RSU Scheme,
representing approximately 0.75% of the total issued share capital of the Company as at the date of this
report.

Vesting period

The vesting period of the RSUs granted is either (i) three years or (ii) thirty months and would follow one
of the following vesting schedule: (i) 40% shall vest on the first anniversary of the grant date and the
remaining 30% and 30% shall vest on the second and third anniversary of the grant date, respectively; (ii)
30% shall vest on the first anniversary of the grant date and the remaining 30% and 40% shall vest on
the second and third anniversary of the grant date, respectively; (iii) approximately 34% shall vest on the
first anniversary of the grant date/vesting commencement date (as the case maybe) and the remaining
approximately 33% and approximately 33% shall vest on the second and third anniversary of the grant
date/vesting commencement date (as the case maybe), respectively; (iv) approximately 19% shall vest
six months after the grant date and the remaining approximately 33%, 33% and 15% shall vest on the
first, second and third anniversary of the grant date, respectively; or (v) approximately 34% shall vest
six months after the grant date, approximately 33% shall vest eighteen months after the grant date and
approximately 33% shall vest thirty months after the grant date, respectively.




                                                                                     2024 INTERIM REPORT      23
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT SCHEME (Continued)

     Exercise period

     The concept of exercise period is inapplicable to the RSU Scheme. The selected participants are required
     to pay the purchase price for the RSUs that will vest in the period at the time of vesting.

     Performance targets

     Subject to certain performance indicators and other requirements set out in the grant letter entered into
     between the selected participants and the Company, including based on the Company’s annual results
     and the selected participant’s individual annual performance.

     Rights attached to the RSUs and the converted Shares

     A selected grantee under the RSU Scheme (“Grantees”) does not have any contingent interest in any
     Shares underlying a grant. Furthermore, a Grantee may not exercise any voting right in respect of any
     of the Shares underlying the grant, unless otherwise specified by the Board, nor do they have any rights
     to any cash or non-cash income, dividends or distributions and/or the sale proceeds of non-cash and
     non-scrip distributions from any Shares underlying the grant prior to vesting.

     Any Shares transferred to a Grantee upon vesting shall be subject to the provisions of the Articles and will
     rank pari passu with the fully paid Shares in issue on the date of the transfer. The holders of the Shares
     will be entitled to participate in all dividends or other distributions paid or made on or after the date of
     transfer.

     Amount payable

     No amount is payable upon acceptance of the awards, and the purchase consideration is payable upon
     vesting during the vesting period.




24   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance and Other Information


RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT SCHEME (Continued)

Present status of the RSU Scheme

As at June 30, 2024, pursuant to the RSU Scheme, the Company had granted to Directors, executives
and employees of the Group outstanding RSUs representing 27,512,890 Shares, accounting for
approximately 0.46% of the total issued share capital of the Company as at June 30, 2024. Details of
RSUs granted under the RSU Scheme for the six months ended June 30, 2024 are as follows:

                                                                      Outstanding as                                                                    Outstanding
                                            Vesting        Purchase    at January 1,                           During the Reporting Period            as at June 30,
Category                 Grant date         period         price               2024        Granted         Vested       Cancelled            Lapsed            2024


1. Director
   Ms. Sun Yuan          April 29, 2022     3 years(2)     HK$2.6          792,200               0     396,100(6)              0                 0         396,100
                         April 27, 2023     3 years(2)     HK$2.84       1,300,000               0     442,000(6)              0                 0         858,000
                         June 27, 2024(7)   3 years(2)     HK$3.379              –     1,300,000(5)            0               0                 0       1,300,000
   Dr. Lyu Aifeng        April 29, 2022     3 years(3)     HK$2.6          577,500               0     288,750(6)        123,750                 0         165,000
                         April 27, 2023     3 years(2)     HK$2.84         600,000               0     142,800(6)         61,200                 0         396,000
                         June 27, 2024(7)   3 years(2)     HK$3.379              –       291,850(5)            0               0                 0         291,850

2. Employees             April 29, 2022     3 years(3)     HK$2.6       14,259,100               0    7,516,838(6)     1,122,162        1,387,800        4,232,300
                         October 29, 2022   30 months(4)   HK$2.6          324,200               0      162,200(6)             0                0          162,000
                         April 27, 2023     3 years(2)     HK$2.84      17,172,800               0    4,416,467(6)       862,233        2,067,400        9,826,700
                         June 27, 2024      3 years(2)     HK$3.379              –     9,805,740(5)             0              0                0        9,805,740

3. Service provider(1)   April 29, 2022     3 years(3)     HK$2.6          379,200              0      234,480(6)         65,520                0          79,200
Total                                                                   35,405,000     11,397,590     13,599,635       2,234,865        3,455,200      27,512,890




                                                                                                                                    2024 INTERIM REPORT                25
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT SCHEME (Continued)

     Present status of the RSU Scheme (Continued)

     Notes:

     (1)   The service providers are all former employees who have accepted re-employment after retirement or who
           continue to provide consultancy advice to the Company after retirement. The Company values their familiarity
           with the businesses and operation of the Group and considers that their contribution to the Group is similar to
           that of the employees of the Group.

     (2)   Vesting schedule: approximately 34% shall vest on the first anniversary of the grant date/vesting commencement
           date (as the case maybe) and the remaining approximately 33% and approximately 33% shall vest on the
           second and third anniversary of the grant date/vesting commencement date (as the case maybe), respectively.

     (3)   Vesting schedule: approximately 19% shall vest six months after the grant date and the remaining approximately
           33%, 33% and 15% shall vest on the first, second and third anniversary of the grant date, respectively.

     (4)   Vesting schedule: approximately 34% shall vest six months after the grant date, approximately 33% shall vest
           eighteen months after the grant date and approximately 33% shall vest thirty months after the grant date,
           respectively.

     (5)   The fair value of the RSUs granted is set out in Note 19 to the Financial Statements. Closing price immediately
           prior to the grant date is HK$16.48 per Share.

     (6)   Weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the vesting dates is HK$17.23 per Share.

     (7)   All RSUs granted to Ms. Sun Yuan (representing 1,300,000 Shares) and Dr. Lyu Aifeng (representing 291,850
           Shares), both being executive directors of the Company, mentioned in the announcement dated June 27,
           2024 only involve existing shares of the Company held or to be held by the RSU Trustee, and no new shares
           were or will be allotted or issued for the vesting of these RSUs. The grant of RSUs to them form part of their
           remuneration package under their service contracts with the Company and are therefore exempted from the
           reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Rules 14A.73(6) and
           14A.95 of the Listing Rules.

     No grant has been made to (i) any related entity participant or service provider with options and awards
     granted in excess of 0.1% of the Company’s issued shares over the 12-month period, and (ii) any other
     participant with options and awards granted in excess of the 1% individual limit, as such terms are used
     in the Listing Rules.




26   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance and Other Information


CHANGE IN DIRECTORS ’ INFORMATION

The changes in Directors’ information as required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the
Listing Rules are set out below:

•    On June 21, 2024, Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai resigned as an independent non-executive
     director of Shanghai Bio-heart Biological Technology Co., Ltd. (stock code: 2185), a company listed
     on the Stock Exchange.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

In July 2024, the NDA of Ameile for adjuvant therapy after tumor resection in patients with NSCLC whose
tumors have EGFR exon 19 deletions or exon 21(L858R) mutations, was accepted by the NMPA.

In August 2024, the Group entered into a license agreement with Lupeng Pharma, pursuant to which,
the Group obtained an exclusive license from Lupeng Pharma to develop and commercialize a small
molecule Brewton’s tyrosine kinase inhibitor (BTKi) LP-168 within China (including Hong Kong, Macau
and Taiwan).

In August 2024, the fourth NDA of Ameile was accepted by NMPA, for the treatment in patients with
locally advanced, unresectable, EGFR exon 19 deletions or exon 21(L858R) mutations, NSCLC without
progression following definitive platinum-based chemoradiotherapy.

In August 2024, the Group’s collaborator, GSK, has received U.S. FDA Breakthrough Therapy Designation
for B7-H3-targeted ADC GSK5764227 (also known as HS-20093). The ADC is being evaluated for
the treatment of patients with ES-SCLC with disease progression (relapsed or refractory) on or after
platinum-based chemotherapy.

Save as disclosed above, there is no material event affecting the Company during the period from June
30, 2024 to the date of this report.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

The Company’s corporate governance practices are based on the principles and code provisions as set
out in the CG Code contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules and the Company has adopted the CG
Code as its own code of corporate governance.

The Board is of the view that the Company has complied with all the code provisions as set out in Part
2 of the CG Code during the six months ended June 30, 2024, save for code provision C.2.1 of the CG
Code.




                                                                                   2024 INTERIM REPORT     27
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     Code Provision C.2.1

     Code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code states that the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should
     be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. The Company has appointed Ms. Zhong
     Huijuan (“Ms. Zhong”) as both the chairlady and the chief executive officer of the Company. Due to the
     nature and the extent of the Group’s operations and Ms. Zhong’s in-depth knowledge and experience in
     the PRC pharmaceutical industry, the Board considers that the balance of power and authority under the
     present arrangement is not impaired and this structure will enable the Company to make and implement
     decisions promptly and effectively. The Board will continue to review and consider splitting the roles of
     chairlady of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company at a time when it is appropriate by
     taking into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.

     The Board will periodically review and enhance its corporate governance practices to ensure that the
     Company continues to meet the requirements of the CG Code.

     COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

     The Company has adopted its Company Code on terms no less exacting than the required standard set
     out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained in Appendix C3
     to the Listing Rules. Specific enquiry has been made to all Directors and all of them have confirmed that
     they have complied with the Company Code during the six months ended June 30, 2024.

     AUDIT COMMITTEE

     The Board has established the Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule
     3.21 of the Listing Rules and paragraph D.3 of Part 2 of the CG Code. The Audit Committee consists of
     three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (chairman of the Audit
     Committee), Mr. Lin Guoqiang and Ms. Yang Dongtao.

     The Audit Committee and the external auditor, Ernst & Young, have reviewed the unaudited interim
     results of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2024. The Audit Committee has also reviewed
     together with the management the accounting principles and policies adopted by the Group and the
     interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended June 30, 2024. The Audit
     Committee was satisfied that such consolidated financial information were prepared in accordance with
     the applicable accounting standards and fairly present the Group’s financial position and results for the
     Reporting Period.

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’ S LISTED SECURITIES

     On January 22, 2024, the Company redeemed the outstanding convertible bonds in the aggregate
     principal amount of US$590,622,000 pursuant to the terms and conditions of zero coupon convertible
     bonds due 2026 and bondholders’ notice of redemption, representing approximately 99.10% in principal
     amount of the convertible bonds outstanding as at that date. The convertible bonds in the principal
     amount of US$5,378,000 remain outstanding as of June 30, 2024. Save as disclosed, during the
     Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any
     of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares). As at June 30, 2024, no treasury
     shares (as defined under the Listing Rules) were held by the Company.




28   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance and Other Information


INTERIM DIVIDEND AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

The Board has declared the payment of an interim dividend of HK$20.10 cents per share for the six
months ended June 30, 2024 (the interim dividend for the six months ended June 30, 2023: HK$7.07
cents per share). The interim dividend for 2024 will be paid to shareholders on Wednesday, October 30,
2024 whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Wednesday, September 25,
2024. For the purpose of determining shareholders who are qualified for the interim dividend, the register
of members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, September 24, 2024 to Wednesday, September
25, 2024, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be effected. In order to
qualify for the interim dividend, all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates
must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong Kong, Tricor
Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong by 4:30 p.m.
on Monday, September 23, 2024.

USE OF PROCEEDS FROM PREVIOUS FUNDRAISING ACTIVITIES AS AT JUNE 30, 2024

Use of proceeds from placing

On April 22, 2020, the Company entered into a placing agreement with Morgan Stanley & Co.
International plc and Citigroup Global Markets Limited (the “Placing Agents”), pursuant to which the
Placing Agents agreed to place 130,380,000 ordinary shares in the Company, or, failing which, to
purchase themselves on a fully underwritten basis to not fewer than six placees who are professional,
institutional or other investors selected and procured by the Placing Agents and whose ultimate beneficial
owners are independent third parties (the “Placing”). The placing price was HK$26.75 per share.

The net proceeds from the Placing were approximately HK$3,477.20 million, which have been and will
be used for R&D projects, including but not limited to our existing and future domestic and overseas drug
R&D, expanding our R&D team, and investment in technologies to further enhance our R&D capabilities
and enrich our product pipeline, HK$2,179.06 million was utilized as at June 30, 2024 and HK$1,298.14
million remains unutilized. As at June 30, 2024, the net proceeds utilized by the Group were as follows:

                                                                       Utilized from
                                                                       the issuance     Unutilized
                                                       Net proceeds     date to June    as at June
                                          Percentage       received        30, 2024      30, 2024
                                          of the total     (HK$100          (HK$100      (HK$100     Expected
Purpose                                       amount        million)         million)     million)   time frame

R&D projects, including but not limited
  to our existing and future domestic                                                                The balance is
  and overseas drug R&D, expanding                                                                     expected to be
  our R&D team, and investment in                                                                      fully utilized by
  technologies                                 100%        34.7720         21.7906       12.9814       2030

Utilized proceeds were used according to the purpose previously disclosed by the Company. To the best
knowledge of the Directors, there has neither been any material change nor delay in the use of proceeds
during the six months ended June 30, 2024.




                                                                                               2024 INTERIM REPORT         29
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM PREVIOUS FUNDRAISING ACTIVITIES AS AT JUNE 30, 2024 (Continued)

     Use of proceeds from issuance of convertible bonds

     In January 2021, the Company successfully completed the issuance and listing of US$600 million
     zero-coupon convertible bonds due in 2026 to the professional investors only. The net proceeds from the
     bonds were approximately US$595.65 million, which have been and will be used for R&D expenditure,
     including but not limited to allocating funding to clinical trials for innovative drugs, innovative drugs
     development and/or in-license opportunities, upgrading and expanding existing manufacturing facilities
     and procuring equipment for its production facilities and for general corporate purposes. In December
     2022, the Company repurchased bonds with an aggregate principal amount of US$4 million. In January
     2024, the Company redeemed the outstanding convertible bonds in the aggregate principal amount of
     US$590,622,000. As at June 30, 2024, US$591.65 million was utilized and the net proceeds had been
     fully utilized. As at June 30, 2024, the net proceeds utilized by the Group were as follows:

                                                                                      Utilized   Repurchased
                                                                                     from the        from the
                                                                                    issuance        issuance     Unutilized
                                                                                       date to         date to        as at
                                                                    Net proceeds     June 30,        June 30,     June 30,
                                                     Percentage         received        2024            2024         2024
                                                     of the total       (US$100     (US$100         (US$100       (US$100     Expected
     Purpose                                             amount          million)     million)        million)     million)   time frame

     R&D expenditure, including but not limited
       to funding clinical trials of innovative
       drugs, innovative drug development and/or
       potential in-license opportunities                   65%          3.8717      3.8317           0.0400             –    Not applicable

     Upgrading and expanding existing
       manufacturing facilities (including R&D
       facilities) and procuring equipment for its
       production facilities                                25%          1.4891      1.4891                 –            –    Not applicable

     General corporate purposes                             10%          0.5957      0.5957                 –            –    Not applicable

     Total                                                100%           5.9565      5.9165           0.0400             –

     The net proceeds were used according to the purpose previously disclosed by the Company. To the best
     knowledge of the Directors, there has neither been any material change nor delay in the use of proceeds
     during the six months ended June 30, 2024.




30   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Independent Review Report of Interim Financial
Information


                                      Ernst & Young            安永會計師事務所            Tel電話: +852 2846 9888
                                      27/F, One Taikoo Place   香港鰂魚涌英皇道979號        Fax傳真: +852 2868 4432
                                      979 King’s Road          太古坊一座27樓            ey.com
                                      Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

Independent review report
To the board of directors of Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company Limited
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the interim condensed consolidated financial information set out on pages 32 to 63,
which comprises the condensed consolidated statement of financial position of Hansoh Pharmaceutical
Group Company Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) as at 30 June 2024 and the
related condensed consolidated statements of profit or loss, comprehensive income, changes in equity
and cash flows for the six months period then ended, and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the
Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report
on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong
Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“HKAS 34”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). The directors of the Company are responsible for the
preparation and presentation of this interim financial information in accordance with HKAS 34. Our
responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim financial information based on our review. Our
report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no
other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the
contents of this report.

SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410
Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity issued by
the HKICPA. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons
responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A
review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards
on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all
significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim
condensed consolidated financial information is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with
HKAS 34.

Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong

27 August 2024




                                                                                     2024 INTERIM REPORT     31
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement
     of Profit or Loss
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



                                                     Notes        2024           2023
                                                             (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)
                                                               RMB’000       RMB’000

     REVENUE                                          4      6,505,501      4,511,217

     Cost of sales                                             (579,218)     (535,455)

     Gross profit                                            5,926,283      3,975,762

     Other income                                     4         480,963       453,083
     Selling and distribution expenses                       (1,720,670)   (1,669,645)
     Administrative expenses                                   (353,898)     (329,961)
     Research and development costs                          (1,196,454)     (929,478)
     Other (expenses)/gains, net                      4         (18,038)          122

     PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                5      3,118,186      1,499,883

     Income tax expense                               6        (392,661)     (211,035)

     PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                   2,725,525      1,288,848

     Attributable to:
       Owners of the parent                                  2,725,525      1,288,848

     EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY
       EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT FOR THE PERIOD

     Basic (RMB)                                      8            0.46          0.22
     Diluted (RMB)                                    8            0.46          0.22




32   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement
of Comprehensive Income
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



                                                                 2024                 2023
                                                            (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)
                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000

PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                       2,725,525             1,288,848

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified
  to profit or loss in subsequent periods:

Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations       84,657              463,930

Net other comprehensive income that may be
 reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods           84,657              463,930

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR
  THE PERIOD, NET OF TAX                                        84,657              463,930

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD                   2,810,182             1,752,778

Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                      2,810,182             1,752,778




                                                                          2024 INTERIM REPORT   33
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement
     of Financial Position
     As at 30 June 2024



                                                                            30 June    31 December
                                                                 Notes        2024             2023
                                                                         (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000

     NON-CURRENT ASSETS
     Property, plant and equipment                                 9      2,859,333      3,045,060
     Right-of-use assets                                         10(a)      449,140        234,663
     Intangible assets                                                      196,620        177,416
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        12        743,409        684,706
     Prepayments for purchase of property, plant and equipment               17,517         13,927

     Total non-current assets                                             4,266,019      4,155,772

     CURRENT ASSETS
     Inventories                                                            599,506        575,782
     Trade and bills receivables                                  11      2,938,415      3,214,251
     Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                        370,886        236,208
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        12        320,875        512,409
     Other financial assets                                       13      1,431,441      1,909,966
     Cash and bank balances                                       14     21,745,333     22,434,691

     Total current assets                                                27,406,456     28,883,307

     CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Trade and bills payables                                     15        174,562        163,763
     Other payables and accruals                                  16      2,410,159      2,375,680
     Contract liabilities                                                    18,161         38,471
     Lease liabilities                                           10(b)       15,280         16,087
     Tax payable                                                              5,384         85,650
     Convertible bonds                                            17         40,255      4,183,198
     Dividends payable                                                      768,760              –

     Total current liabilities                                            3,432,561      6,862,849

     NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                  23,973,895     22,020,458

     TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                               28,239,914     26,176,230




34   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement
of Financial Position
As at 30 June 2024



                                                         30 June    31 December
                                              Notes        2024             2023
                                                      (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Convertible bonds                              17             –          39,742
Lease liabilities                             10(b)      64,137          64,708
Deferred tax liabilities                                250,751         255,020
Other non-current liabilities                            21,751          21,987

Total non-current liabilities                           336,639         381,457

NET ASSETS                                            27,903,275     25,794,773

EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                  18             52             52
Treasury shares                                20        (13,599)      (108,629)
Reserves                                              27,916,822     25,903,350

                                                      27,903,275     25,794,773

Non-controlling interests                                      –               –

Total equity                                          27,903,275     25,794,773




                                                              2024 INTERIM REPORT   35
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement
     of Changes in Equity
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



                                                                                                      Merger      Exchange     Statutory
                                                   Share        Share Share-based      Treasury reserve/other   fluctuation     surplus      Retained        Total
                                        Notes     capital    premium* payments*          shares    reserves*       reserve*   reserves*       profits*      equity
                                                RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

     At 1 January 2024 (audited)                      52    14,095,522    325,347     (108,629)      (59,391)     136,922      898,586     10,506,364    25,794,773
     Profit for the period                             –             –          –            –             –            –            –      2,725,525     2,725,525
     Other comprehensive income
        for the period:
        Exchange differences on
            translation of foreign
            operations                                 –             –           –           –             –       84,657             –             –       84,657

     Total comprehensive income
        for the period                                 –             –           –           –             –       84,657             –     2,725,525     2,810,182
     Issuance of new shares under
        share-based payments                           –         5,428           –           –             –             –            –             –         5,428
     Purchase share unit subscribed
        under share-based payments                     –      (100,965)         –      128,723             –             –            –             –       27,758
     Share-based payments                              –             –     67,587            –             –             –            –             –       67,587
     Repurchase of shares under share
        award scheme                                   –             –           –     (33,693)            –             –            –             –       (33,693)
     Dividends declared                  7             –             –           –           –             –             –            –      (768,760)     (768,760)
     Transfer from retained profits                    –             –           –           –             –             –        8,195        (8,195)            –

     At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                      52    13,999,985    392,934      (13,599)      (59,391)     221,579      906,781     12,454,934    27,903,275

     At 1 January 2023 (audited)                      52    13,931,541    313,478      (28,027)      (59,391)    (290,999)     890,179      7,890,111    22,646,944
     Profit for the period                             –             –          –            –             –            –            –      1,288,848     1,288,848
     Other comprehensive income
        for the period:
        Exchange differences on
            translation of foreign
            operations                                 –             –           –           –             –      463,930             –             –      463,930

     Total comprehensive income
        for the period                                 –             –           –           –             –      463,930             –     1,288,848     1,752,778
     Issuance of new shares under
        share-based payments                           –       25,227            –           –             –             –            –             –       25,227
     Restricted share unit subscribed
        under share-based payments                     –      138,754     (159,496)     33,502             –             –            –             –       12,760
     Share-based payments                              –            –       86,225           –             –             –            –             –       86,225
     Purchase of shares under share
        award scheme                                   –             –           –     (79,454)            –             –            –             –       (79,454)
     Dividends declared                  7             –             –           –           –             –             –            –      (268,852)     (268,852)
     Transfer from retained profits                    –             –           –           –             –             –        3,259        (3,259)            –

     At 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                      52    14,095,522    240,207      (73,979)      (59,391)     172,931      893,438      8,906,848    24,175,628

     *        These reserve accounts comprise the reserves of RMB27,916,822,000 and RMB24,249,555,000 in the
              condensed consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023, respectively.




36   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement
of Cash Flows
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



                                                                Notes        2024           2023
                                                                        (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)
                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                       3,118,186       1,499,883

Adjustments for:
Impairment of trade receivables, net                             4          6,943           5,828
Impairment of inventories, net                                   4          6,765          (4,278)
Impairment of property, plant and equipment, net                 4         27,667               –
Depreciation of items of property, plant and equipment           5        198,163         169,443
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                              5         11,713          10,305
Amortisation of deferred income                                              (236)           (236)
Amortisation of intangible assets                                5          6,891           5,130
Losses/(gains) on disposal of items of property,
  plant and equipment                                            4             499         (1,405)
Gains on disposal of associates                                  4               –         (4,064)
Share of loss of associates                                      4               –          2,123
Fair value gains of financial assets at fair value through
  profit or loss                                                 4         (55,777)       (18,020)
Fair value gains of convertible bonds                            4               –         (9,141)
Investment income                                                4         (84,646)       (42,090)
Interest income from deposits with initial term of over three
  months when acquired                                                    (316,802)      (346,259)
Interest expense                                                 4           4,943         30,738
Share-based payments                                             5          67,587         86,225

                                                                        2,991,896       1,384,182

Decrease in trade and bills receivables                                    268,893        245,548
Increase in prepayments, other receivables and other assets               (134,556)      (105,623)
Increase in inventories                                                    (30,489)      (148,216)
Increase in trade and bills payables                                        10,799         76,126
Increase in other payables and accruals                                     73,346         39,267
(Decrease)/increase in contract liabilities                                (20,310)         7,216

Cash generated from operations                                          3,159,579       1,498,500
Income tax paid                                                          (477,196)       (352,333)

Net cash flows from operating activities                                2,682,383       1,146,167




                                                                                2024 INTERIM REPORT   37
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement
     of Cash Flows
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



                                                                         Notes        2024           2023
                                                                                 (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)
                                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000

     CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
     Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                18,917         2,381
     Proceeds from disposal of shareholdings in associates                                –       166,532
     Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                           (101,846)      (92,638)
     Purchases of intangible assets                                                 (26,230)     (102,029)
     Purchases of land use rights                                                  (219,668)            –
     Increases of equity investments designated at fair value through
       profit or loss                                                               (67,417)     (331,411)
     Decrease in bank deposits with initial term of over three months
       when acquired                                                             2,733,001      3,567,676
     Increase in financial products included in other financial assets            (625,218)      (638,568)
     Decrease/(increase) in financial products included in financial
       assets at fair value through profit or loss                                 191,000     (1,774,949)
     Interest income received from deposits with initial term of over
       three months when acquired                                                  316,081        156,212
     Investment income received from financial products included in
       other financial assets                                                        84,646        42,090
     Investment income received from financial products included in
       financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                         65,603        46,576

     Net cash flows from investing activities                                    2,368,869      1,041,872

     CASH FLOWS USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     Lease payments                                                                  (9,417)       (8,992)
     Repayment of convertible bonds                                              (4,183,198)            –
     Purchase of shares under the share award scheme                                (33,693)      (79,454)
     Proceeds from employees for subscription of shares under the
       share award scheme                                                            33,186        37,987
     New bank loans                                                                 500,000             –
     Repayment of bank loans                                                       (500,000)            –
     Interest paid                                                                   (3,207)            –

     Net cash flows used in financing activities                                 (4,196,329)      (50,459)

     NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                     854,923      2,137,580

     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                            5,980,513      2,666,132
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                  (39,232)       (72,377)

     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                                  6,796,204      4,731,335

     ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
     Cash and bank balances, unrestricted                                 14     6,722,852      4,226,502
     Non-pledged time deposits with initial term of less than three
       months when acquired                                               14         73,352       504,833

     Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated
       statement of cash flows                                                   6,796,204      4,731,335


38   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



1.   CORPORATE INFORMATION

     The Company is an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability
     under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands.

2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION

     The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30 June
     2024 has been prepared in accordance with HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting . The interim
     condensed consolidated financial information does not include all the information and disclosures
     required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s
     annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023.

     The interim condensed consolidated financial information is presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), and all
     values are rounded to the nearest thousand (“RMB’000”) except when otherwise indicated.

2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

     The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial
     information are consistent with those applied in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated
     financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023, except for the adoption of the following
     revised Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) for the first time for the current
     period’s financial information.

     Amendments to HKFRS 16                          Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
     Amendments to HKAS 1                            Classification of Liabilities as Current or
                                                       Non-Current (the “2020 Amendments”)
     Amendments to HKAS 1                            Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
                                                       (the “2022 Amendments”)
     Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7                Supplier Finance Arrangements

     (a)   Amendments to HKFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring
           the lease liability arising in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does
           not recognise any amount of the gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. Since
           the Group has no sale and leaseback transactions with variable lease payments that do not
           depend on an index or a rate occurring from the date of initial application of HKFRS 16, the
           amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.




                                                                                     2024 INTERIM REPORT      39
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



     2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (Continued)

          (b)   The 2020 Amendments clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-
                current, including what is meant by a right to defer settlement and that a right to defer
                must exist at the end of the reporting period. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the
                likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer settlement. The amendments also
                clarify that a liability can be settled in its own equity instruments, and that only if a conversion
                option in a convertible liability is itself accounted for as an equity instrument would the terms
                of a liability not impact its classification. The 2022 Amendments further clarify that, among
                covenants of a liability arising from a loan arrangement, only those with which an entity must
                comply on or before the reporting date affect the classification of that liability as current or
                non-current. Additional disclosures are required for non-current liabilities that are subject to
                the entity complying with future covenants within 12 months after the reporting period.

                The Group has reassessed the terms and conditions of its liabilities as at 1 January 2023 and
                2024 and concluded that the classification of its liabilities as current or non-current remained
                unchanged upon initial application of the amendments. Accordingly, the amendments did not
                have any impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.

          (c)   Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7 clarify the characteristics of supplier finance
                arrangements and require additional disclosure of such arrangements. The disclosure
                requirements in the amendments are intended to assist users of financial statements in
                understanding the effects of supplier finance arrangements on an entity’s liabilities, cash
                flows and exposure to liquidity risk. The disclosure of relevant information for supplier finance
                arrangements is not required for any interim reporting period during the first annual reporting
                period in which an entity applies the amendments. As the Group does not have supplier
                finance arrangements, the amendments did not have any impact on the interim condensed
                consolidated financial information.

     3.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

          Information about geographical areas

          Since approximately 80% of the Group’s revenue were generated from the sales of pharmaceutical
          products in Chinese Mainland and most of the Group’s identifiable operating assets and liabilities
          were located in Chinese Mainland, no geographical segment information in accordance with HKFRS
          8 Operating Segments is presented.

          Information about major customers

          Collaboration revenue from GSK plc amounted to approximately 20% of the Group’s revenue for
          the six months period ended 30 June 2024, no other revenue from the Group’s sales to a single
          customer amounted to 10% or more of the Group’s revenue during the periods presented.




40   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



4.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND OTHER (EXPENSES)/GAINS, NET

     An analysis of revenue and other income is as follows:

                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2024               2023
                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                      (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     Revenue from contracts with customers
     Sales of products – at a point in time                           5,103,080            4,483,227
     Collaboration revenue – at a point in time                       1,402,421               27,990

     Total revenue                                                    6,505,501            4,511,217

     Other income
     Investment income                                                   84,646               42,090
     Government grants                                                   21,918               38,061
     Bank interest income                                               374,011              372,218
     Others                                                                 388                  714

     Total other income                                                 480,963              453,083

     An analysis of other (expenses)/gains, net is as follows:

                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2024               2023
                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                      (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     Other (expenses)/gains, net
     (Losses)/gains on disposal of items of property,
       plant and equipment                                                 (499)               1,405
     Losses on derecognition of financial assets
       at amortised cost                                                 (4,805)                   –
     Gains on disposal of associates                                          –                4,064
     Share of losses of associates                                            –               (2,123)
     Fair value gains of financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss                                                    55,777               18,020
     Fair value gains of convertible bonds                                    –                9,141
     Donations                                                          (30,438)             (10,632)
     Exchange differences, net                                           22,595               11,963
     Impairment of trade receivables, net                                (6,943)              (5,828)
     Impairment of inventories, net                                      (6,765)               4,278
     Impairment of property, plant and equipment, net                   (27,667)                   –
     Interest expense                                                    (4,943)             (30,738)
     Others                                                             (14,350)                 572

     Total other (expenses)/gains                                       (18,038)                 122



                                                                                   2024 INTERIM REPORT   41
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



     5.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX

          The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                  Notes                    2024               2023
                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

          Cost of inventories sold                                                     355,191                324,699
          Depreciation of items of property, plant and
            equipment                                               9                  198,163                169,443
          Depreciation of right-of-use assets                       10                  11,713                 10,305
          Amortisation of intangible assets                                              6,891                  5,130
          Impairment of trade receivables, net                       4                   6,943                  5,828
          Impairment of inventories, net                             4                   6,765                 (4,278)
          Impairment of property, plant and equipment,
            net                                                      4                  27,667                       –
          Short-term lease expenses                                                      3,531                   4,910
          Auditors’ remuneration                                                         1,865                   1,769
          Share of losses of associates                              4                       –                   2,123
          Losses/(gains) on disposal of items of property,
            plant and equipment                                      4                     499                 (1,405)
          Investment income                                          4                 (84,646)               (42,090)
          Fair value gains of financial assets at fair value
            through profit or loss                                   4                 (55,777)               (18,020)
          Fair value gains of convertible bonds                      4                       –                 (9,141)
          Bank interest income                                       4                (374,011)              (372,218)
          Exchange differences, net                                  4                 (22,595)               (11,963)

          Employee benefit expense
           Wages and salaries                                                          970,726                882,199
           Social welfare and other benefits*                                          442,141                332,757
           Share-based payments                                                         67,587                 86,225

          Total Employee benefit expense                                             1,480,454             1,301,181

          *     There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing
                level of contributions.




42   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



6.   INCOME TAX

     The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profits arising in or derived from the
     jurisdictions in which members of the Group are domiciled and operate.

     Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and British Virgin Islands, the Group is
     not subject to any income tax in the Cayman Islands and British Virgin Islands.

     The subsidiary incorporated in Hong Kong and subsidiaries registered as a Hong Kong tax resident
     are subject to income tax at the rate of 16.5% (2023: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits
     arising in Hong Kong during the reporting period. The first HK$2,000,000 (2023: HK$2,000,000)
     of assessable profits of each subsidiary are taxed at 8.25% (2023: 8.25%) and the remaining
     assessable profits are taxed at 16.5% (2023: 16.5%).

     The provision for the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) corporate income tax is based on
     the statutory rate of 25% of the assessable profits of certain PRC subsidiaries of the Group as
     determined in accordance with the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law which was approved and
     became effective on January 1 2008, except for certain subsidiaries of the Group in Chinese
     Mainland which are granted tax concession and are taxed at preferential tax rates.

     In 2023, Jiangsu Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu Hansoh”) and Shanghai Hansoh
     Biomedical Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Hansoh”), subsidiaries of the Company, renewed their “High and
     New Technology Enterprise” (“HNTE”) qualification and were entitled to a preferential income tax
     rate of 15% for a period of three years from 2023 to 2025.

     In 2021, Changzhou Hansoh Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Changzhou Hansoh”), a subsidiary of the
     Company, was initially accredited as an HNTE, and thus entitled to a preferential income tax rate of
     15% from 2021 to 2023. As at end of the reporting period, Changzhou Hansoh is in the process of
     renewing its HNTE qualification, which is expected to be completed within this year.

     The income tax expense of the Group for the periods presented is analysed as follows:

                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2024               2023
                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                        (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     Current income tax                                                   396,930              307,238
     Deferred income tax                                                   (4,269)             (96,203)

     Total                                                                392,661              211,035




                                                                                     2024 INTERIM REPORT    43
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



     7.   DIVIDENDS

                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                    2024               2023
                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                             (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

          2023 final dividends declared – HK$14.22 cents
            (2022 final dividends declared – HK$5.00 cents)
            per ordinary share                                                 768,760              268,852

          Pursuant to the resolutions of the shareholders of the Company dated 13 June 2024, the Company
          declared dividends of HK$14.22 cents (1 June 2023: HK$5.00 cents) per ordinary share, amounting
          to a total of approximately RMB768,760,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB268,852,000).

     8.   EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT

          The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the period
          attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary
          shares of 5,925,786,074 (2023: 5,923,743,166) in issue during the period, as adjusted to reflect
          the changes during the period.

          The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the period
          attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent, adjusted to reflect the interest and the fair
          value on the convertible bonds. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the
          calculation of the diluted earnings per share is the weighted average number of ordinary shares in
          issue of the parent, as used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average
          number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued on the conversion of all dilutive potential
          shares into ordinary shares.

          The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                    2024               2023
                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                             (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

          Earnings
          Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent
            used in the basic earnings per share calculation                 2,725,525            1,288,848

          Interest on convertible bonds                                             265                    –

          Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent
            used in the diluted earnings per share calculation               2,725,790            1,288,848




44   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



8.   EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
     (Continued)

                                                         Adjusted number of shares
                                                     For the Six months ended 30 June
                                                                2024               2023
                                                         (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     Shares
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in
       issue during the period used in the basic
       earnings per share calculation                5,925,786,074        5,923,743,166

     Effect of dilution – weighted average number
       of ordinary shares:
       Restricted share units                           20,143,737           19,805,691
       Convertible bonds                                   703,086                    –

     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in
      issue during the period used in the diluted
      earnings per share calculation                 5,946,632,897        5,943,548,857

     Basic earnings per share (RMB per share)                  0.46                0.22
     Diluted earnings per share (RMB per share)                0.46                0.22




                                                                      2024 INTERIM REPORT   45
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



     9.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                    2024               2023
                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                             (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

          At beginning of period:
            Cost                                                             5,007,661            4,840,241
            Accumulated depreciation                                        (1,962,601)          (1,644,595)

          Net carrying amount                                                3,045,060            3,195,646

          At beginning of period, net of accumulated
            depreciation and impairment                                      3,045,060            3,195,646
            Additions                                                           60,409               98,872
            Disposals                                                          (19,416)                (644)
            Depreciation provided during the period                           (198,163)            (169,443)
            Impairment                                                         (27,667)                   –
            Transfer                                                            (1,007)              (3,239)
            Exchange realignment                                                   117                  999

          At end of period, net of accumulated
            depreciation and impairment                                      2,859,333            3,122,191

          At end of period:
            Cost                                                             4,978,627            4,924,803
            Accumulated depreciation and impairment                         (2,119,294)          (1,802,612)

          Net carrying amount                                                2,859,333            3,122,191

     10. LEASES

          The Group as a lessee

          The Group has lease contracts for various items of land use right, property, equipment and vehicles.
          Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with lease
          periods of 50 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land leases.
          Leases of buildings generally have lease terms between 3 and 5 years. Equipment and vehicles
          generally have lease terms of 12 months or less and/or are individually of low value. Generally, the
          Group is restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets outside the Group.




46   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



10. LEASES (Continued)

     The Group as a lessee (Continued)

     (a) Right-of-use assets

                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                         (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

           At beginning of the period                                      234,663              254,247
           Additions                                                       225,805                    –
           Exchange realignment                                                385                2,552
           Depreciation charge                                             (11,713)             (10,305)

           At end of the period                                            449,140              246,494

     (b) Lease liabilities

           The carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the period are as follows:

                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                         (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

           Carrying amount at beginning of the period                       80,795               95,114
           New leases                                                        6,137                    –
           Accretion of interest recognised during the period                1,471                1,784
           Exchange realignment                                                431                2,755
           Payments                                                         (9,417)              (8,992)

           Carrying amount at end of the period                             79,417               90,661




                                                                                      2024 INTERIM REPORT   47
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



     10. LEASES (Continued)

          The Group as a lessee (Continued)

          (c) The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2024               2023
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

                  Interest on lease liabilities                                  1,471               1,784
                  Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                    11,713              10,305
                  Short-term lease expenses                                      3,531               4,910

                  Total                                                         16,715              16,999

     11. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

                                                                               30 June        31 December
                                                                                 2024                 2023
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)           (Audited)

          Trade receivables                                                  2,941,595           3,240,237
          Provision for impairment                                             (37,547)            (30,604)

          Net carrying amount                                                2,904,048           3,209,633
          Bills receivable                                                      34,367               4,618

          Total                                                              2,938,415           3,214,251

          An ageing analysis of trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice
          date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                               30 June        31 December
                                                                                 2024                 2023
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)           (Audited)

          Within 90 days                                                     2,750,669           3,032,806
          91 days to 180 days                                                    8,085              25,365
          Over 180 days                                                        145,294             151,462

          Total                                                              2,904,048           3,209,633




48   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



11. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (Continued)

     An ageing analysis of bills receivable as at the end of the reporting period, based on the billing date,
     is as follows:

                                                                              30 June         31 December
                                                                                2024                  2023
                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                           (Unaudited)            (Audited)

     Within 90 days                                                            16,615                 4,618
     91 days to 180 days                                                       17,752                     –

     Total                                                                     34,367                 4,618

     The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2024               2023
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     At beginning of the period                                                30,604                 8,221
     Provision for impairment, net                                              6,943                 5,828

     At end of the period                                                      37,547                14,049

     Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables
     using a provision matrix:

                                                                          Past due
                                                               Within      90 days          Over
                                                  Current     90 days     to 1 year       1 year       Total

     At 30 June 2024
     Expected credit loss rate                   0.93%        0.94%         5.80%       100.00%       1.23%
     Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)          2,685,717       73,126       181,506         1,246   2,941,595

     Expected credit losses (RMB’000)             25,080         687        10,534        1,246      37,547

     At 31 December 2023
     Expected credit loss rate                   0.70%        0.71%         5.80%       100.00%       0.94%
     Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)          2,933,952      154,143       151,922           220   3,240,237

     Expected credit losses (RMB’000)             20,471        1,096        8,817          220      30,604




                                                                                         2024 INTERIM REPORT    49
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



     12. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                       30 June          31 December
                                                                                         2024                   2023
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)             (Audited)

          Current
          Investments in financial products (note (a))                                 320,875                512,409

          Non-current
          Other unlisted investments, at fair value (note (b))                         743,409                684,706

          Notes:

          (a)   The above investments represent investments in certain financial products issued by commercial banks
                with expected return rates ranging from 1.05% to 2.88% per annum. The returns on all of these financial
                products are not guaranteed. The fair values of the investments approximate to their costs plus expected
                return. None of these investments are either past due or impaired.

          (b)   The balance as at 30 June 2024 represents unlisted equity investments in nine venture capital which
                specialise in making equity investments in the life science industry and two innovative biopharmaceutical
                manufacturers. The Group has an intention of holding them as long-term investments.

     13. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS

                                                                                       30 June          31 December
                                                                                         2024                   2023
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)             (Audited)

          Investments in financial products                                          1,431,441             1,909,966

          The above investments represent investments in certain financial products issued by commercial
          banks. These financial products had terms of less than one year and had guaranteed annual return
          rates ranging from 5.53% to 5.75%. None of these investments are either past due or impaired.




50   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



14. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                 30 June          31 December
                                                                                   2024                   2023
                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                              (Unaudited)             (Audited)

     Cash and bank balances, unrestricted                                      6,722,852             2,246,714
     Time deposits with original maturity of less
       than three months when acquired                                             73,352            3,733,799
     Time deposits with original maturity of over
       three months when acquired (note (a))                                  14,949,129            16,454,178

     Cash and bank balances                                                   21,745,333            22,434,691

     Note:

     (a)     The above investments represent time deposits with initial term of over three months when acquired
             (including three months) issued by commercial banks with annual return rates ranging from 1.85% to
             6.07%. None of these investments are either past due or impaired. None of these deposits are pledged.

15. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES

                                                                                 30 June          31 December
                                                                                   2024                   2023
                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                              (Unaudited)             (Audited)

     Trade payables                                                              172,631               121,042
     Bills payable                                                                 1,931                42,721

     Total                                                                       174,562               163,763

     An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on
     the invoice date and bills date, is as follows:

                                                                                 30 June          31 December
                                                                                   2024                   2023
                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                              (Unaudited)             (Audited)

     Within 90 days                                                              171,133               160,294
     91 days to 180 days                                                             405                   950
     181 days to 1 year                                                            1,552                   554
     Over 1 year                                                                   1,472                 1,965

     Total                                                                       174,562               163,763




                                                                                            2024 INTERIM REPORT      51
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



     16. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                               30 June         31 December
                                                                                 2024                  2023
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)            (Audited)

          Accrued expenses                                                   1,623,830            1,546,526
          Staff payroll, welfare and bonus payables                            278,939              281,236
          Other tax payables                                                   151,733              141,551
          Payables for purchase of items of property,
            plant and equipment                                                 41,746               62,442
          Other payables                                                       313,911              343,925

          Total                                                              2,410,159            2,375,680

     17. CONVERTIBLE BONDS

          On 22 January 2021, the Company issued US$600,000,000 zero coupon convertible bonds due
          in 2026. The bonds are convertible at the option of the bondholders into ordinary shares after 4
          March 2021 on the basic conversion price of HK$60.00 per share. In accordance with the terms
          and conditions of the Convertible Bonds, the Conversion Price was adjusted immediately after the
          record date for the payment of final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2023. As a result of
          the adjustment, the Conversion Price has been adjusted to HK$58.13 per share with effect from
          26 June 2024. Any convertible bonds not converted, redeemed or purchased and cancelled will be
          redeemed by the Company on 22 January 2026 at the price of the par value.

          The fair value of the liability component was estimated at the issuance date using an equivalent
          market interest rate for a similar bond without a conversion option.

          The convertible bonds comprise two components:

          The debt component was initially measured at fair value amounting to US$562,489,000 (equivalent
          to RMB3,634,633,000). It is subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest
          method after considering the effect of the transaction costs.

          The derivative component comprises conversion options and early redemption options (not
          closely related to the debt component), which were initially measured at fair value amounting to
          US$37,511,000 (equivalent to RMB242,387,000) and subsequently measured at fair value with
          changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss.

          The total transaction costs of US$4,000,000 (equivalent to RMB25,847,000) related to the issue of
          the convertible bonds were allocated to the debt and derivative components in proportion to their
          respective fair values.

          On 22 January 2024, the Company redeemed the convertible bonds at total cash consideration of
          US$590,622,000 (equivalent to RMB4,183,198,000). As the unredeemed convertible bonds are
          convertible at any time on or after 4 March 2021, they are presented as current liabilities as at 30
          June 2024.




52   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



17. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (Continued)

     The convertible bonds have been split into the debt and embedded derivative components as
     follows:

                                                                     Embedded
                                                          Debt       derivative
                                                     component      component           Total
                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

     As at 1 January 2024                            4,220,197          2,743       4,222,940
     Repayment                                      (4,183,198)             –      (4,183,198)
     Exchange adjustments                                  231             17             248
     Interest charged                                      265              –             265

     As at 30 June 2024 (Unaudited)                     37,495          2,760          40,255

     As at 1 January 2023                            3,974,835        307,907       4,282,742
     Exchange adjustments                              149,605         11,547         161,152
     Interest charged                                   28,954              –          28,954
     Gains arising on changes of fair value                  –         (9,141)         (9,141)

     As at 30 June 2023 (Unaudited)                  4,153,394        310,313       4,463,707




                                                                            2024 INTERIM REPORT   53
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



     18. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                     30 June          31 December
                                                                                       2024                   2023
                                                                                        RMB                   RMB
                                                                                  (Unaudited)             (Audited)

          Issued and fully paid:
          5,935,650,070 shares of HK$0.00001 each
            (31 December 2023: 5,933,350,070 shares of
            HK$0.00001 each)                                                           52,286                52,265

          A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:

                                                                                    Number of         Share capital
                                                                               shares in issue                RMB

          At 1 January 2024 (audited)                                          5,933,350,070                 52,265

          Issue of shares pursuant to the Group’s Restricted Share
            Unit Scheme (the “RSU Scheme”) adopted on 27 May
            2019, HK$0.00001 each (note (a))                                        2,300,000                    21

          At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                          5,935,650,070                 52,286

          Note:

          (a)     On 19 April 2024, the Company issued 2,300,000 new ordinary shares to Computershare Hong Kong
                  Trustees Limited (the “RSU Trustee”) pursuant to the terms of the RSU Scheme approved and adopted on
                  27 May 2019, with the purchase price being HK$2.60 per restricted share unit for vesting.




54   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



19. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

     The Group’s RSU Scheme was adopted pursuant to a resolution passed on 27 May 2019 for the
     primary purpose of providing incentives to directors and eligible employees, and will expire on 13
     June 2029. At 30 June 2024, the RSU Scheme representing up to an aggregate of 44,348,204
     shares of the Company will be available for grant in the future.

     The table below discloses movements of the RSU Scheme:

                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                         Number of          Number of
                                                                         restricted          restricted
                                                                         share unit         share unit
                                                                             Share               Share

     Outstanding as at 1 January                                      35,405,000           32,364,620
     Granted during the period                                        11,397,590           20,304,400
     Cancelled/lapsed during the period                               (5,690,065)          (1,762,460)
     Vested during the period                                        (13,599,635)         (13,810,960)

     Outstanding as at 30 June                                        27,512,890           37,095,600

     During the six months ended 30 June 2024, 11,397,590 restricted share units were granted on 27
     June 2024. Vesting commencement date is 27 June 2024. The closing price of the Group’s shares
     immediately before 27 June 2024, the date of grant, was HK$16.48 per share. These restricted
     share units will be vested subject to certain performance indicators and other requirements in
     the grant letter between the employees and the Group, including requirements based on the
     achievement of the Group’s annual results and the employees’ individual annual performance.
     Approximately 34% shall vest on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date and
     the remaining approximately 33% and approximately 33% shall vest on the second and third
     anniversary of the vesting commencement date, respectively.

     The Group recognised share-based payments expense of RMB67,587,000 (30 June 2023:
     RMB86,225,000) during the reporting period.




                                                                                    2024 INTERIM REPORT   55
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



     19. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)

          The fair value of the restricted share units determined on 27 June 2024 using the Binomial model
          was HK$13.10 per unit. The following assumptions were used to calculate the fair value of the
          restricted share units:

                                                                                                27 June 2024

          Weighted average closing price                                                           HK$16.48
          Purchase price                                                                           HK$3.379
          Vesting period                                                                             3 years
          Vest volatility                                                                    47.58%-50.31%
          Dividend yield                                                                               1.7%
          Risk-free interest rate                                                              3.59%-3.65%

          The binomial model has been used to estimate the fair value of the restricted share units. The
          variables and assumptions used in computing the fair value of the restricted share units are based
          on the directors’ best estimate. Changes in estimates and assumptions may result in changes in fair
          value of the restricted share units.

          At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of restricted
          share units that are expected to vest ultimately. The impact of the revision of the estimates, if any,
          is recognised in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payment reserve.




56   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



20. TREASURY SHARES

     As instructed by the Board, the RSU Trustee is appointed to acquire a certain number of shares
     from the open market for the RSU Scheme, and the purchased shares will be held by the RSU
     Trustee, recognised as treasury shares, until such shares are vested in accordance with the
     provisions of the RSU Scheme.

     During the six months ended 30 June 2024, a summary of movements in the treasury shares is as
     follows:

                                                                 Number of shares      Treasury shares
                                                                                             RMB’000

     At 1 January 2024                                                 9,614,700                108,629
     Shares Purchase for RSU Scheme                                    3,000,000                 33,693
     Vested                                                          (11,299,635)              (128,723)

     At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                       1,315,065                13,599

                                                                Number of shares       Treasury shares
                                                                                             RMB’000

     At 1 January 2023                                                 2,397,660                 28,027
     Shares Purchase for RSU Scheme                                    6,656,000                 79,454
     Vested                                                           (2,810,960)               (33,502)

     At 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                                       6,242,700                73,979

21. COMMITMENTS

     The Group had the following contractual commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                         30 June         31 December
                                                                           2024                  2023
                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                      (Unaudited)            (Audited)

     Property, plant and equipment                                        67,609                80,445




                                                                                    2024 INTERIM REPORT    57
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



     22. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

          (a)   Name of and relationship with related parties

                Name                                            Relationship

                江蘇恒瑞醫藥股份有限公司                                    Entity controlled by a close family member
                 (“Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine”)                     of a director
                山東盛迪醫藥有限公司                                      Entity controlled by a close family member
                 (“Shandong Shengdi Medicine”)                    of a director
                成都新越醫藥有限公司                                      Entity controlled by a close family member
                 (“Chengdu Xinyue Medicine”)                      of a director

          (b)   Transactions with a related parties

                The following transactions were carried out with a related party:

                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                               (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

                Cost of purchasing services
                  Shandong Shengdi Medicine                                           535                    –

                Proceeds from sale of property, plant, and equipment
                  Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine                                          17,151                   –

                Cost of purchasing materials
                  Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine                                            187                    –
                  Chengdu Xinyue Medicine                                             104                    –

                The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the above sales to related parties and
                purchases from related parties were conducted in the ordinary course of business and on
                normal commercial terms.




58   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



22. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (c)   Outstanding balances with related parties

                                                                  30 June         31 December
                                                                    2024                  2023
                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                               (Unaudited)            (Audited)

           Other payables
             Shandong Shengdi Medicine                                111                    –

           Other receivables
             Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine                               16,190                   –

           Trade payables
             Chengdu Xinyue Medicine                                  117                    –

     (d)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:

                                                            For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                       2024               2023
                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

           Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                34,124              32,343
           Performance related bonuses                              18,691              22,472
           Share-based payments                                     29,982              39,473
           Penson scheme contributions                               1,107               1,214

           Total compensation paid to key management
             personnel                                              83,904              95,502




                                                                             2024 INTERIM REPORT   59
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



     23. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

          The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with
          carrying amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:

          Financial assets

                                                     Carrying amount                        Fair value
                                                   30 June     31 December            30 June      31 December
                                                     2024              2023             2024               2023
                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                (Unaudited)        (Audited)       (Unaudited)         (Audited)

          Financial assets at fair value
            through profit or loss               1,064,284        1,197,115         1,064,284            1,197,115
          Debt investments at fair value
            through other comprehensive
            income                                  34,367             4,618            33,964              4,596

          Total                                  1,098,651        1,201,733         1,098,248            1,201,711

          Financial liabilities

                                                     Carrying amount                        Fair value
                                                   30 June     31 December            30 June      31 December
                                                     2024              2023             2024               2023
                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                (Unaudited)        (Audited)       (Unaudited)         (Audited)

          Convertible bonds                         40,255        4,222,940             40,255           4,222,940

          Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, time deposits with
          original maturity of over three months when acquired, trade and bills receivables, trade and bills
          payables, other financial assets, deposits and other receivables, financial liabilities included in other
          payables and accruals and dividends payable approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to
          the short-term maturities of these instruments.

          The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the
          instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a
          forced or liquidation sale.




60   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



23. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

     The changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s own non-performance risk for lease liabilities
     as at 30 June 2024 were assessed to be insignificant. The fair value of the liability portion of the
     convertible bonds is estimated by discounting the expected future cash flows using an equivalent
     market interest rate for a similar convertible bond with consideration of the Group’s own non-
     performance risk.

     The Group held bills receivable within a business model whose objective is achieved by both
     collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets. Bills receivable is measured at
     fair value through other comprehensive income. The Group has estimated the fair value of bills
     receivable by using a discounted cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of
     instruments with similar terms and risks.

     The fair value of unlisted equity investments designated at fair value through profit or loss has been
     estimated based on the most recent transaction price.

     The Group invests in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, which represent wealth
     management products issued by banks. The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted
     investments by using a discounted cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of
     instruments with similar terms and risks.

     Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments
     together with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023:

     Financial            Valuation       Significant                               Sensitivity of fair value
     instruments          technique       unobservable input Range                  to the input

     Bills receivable    Discounted       Discount rate per    3.28% to 3.62%    5% (2023: 5%)
       held both to        cash flow        annum                (2023: 3.28% to  increase/decrease in
       collect cash        method                                3.62%)           discount rate would
       flows and to sell                                                          result in decrease/
                                                                                  increase in fair
                                                                                  value by 0.01%
                                                                                  (2023: 0.02%)




                                                                                     2024 INTERIM REPORT        61
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



     23. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

          Fair value hierarchy

          The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial
          instruments:

          Assets measured at fair value:

                                                                Fair value measurement using
                                                      Quoted
                                                       prices     Significant  Significant
                                                    in active     observable unobservable
                                                     markets          inputs       inputs          Total
                                                    (Level 1)       (Level 2)     (Level 3)
                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

          As at 30 June 2024

          Financial assets at fair value through
            profit or loss                                 –        320,875        743,409     1,064,284
          Bills receivable                                 –              –         33,964        33,964

          Total                                            –        320,875        777,373     1,098,248

          As at 31 December 2023

          Financial assets at fair value through
            profit or loss                                 –        512,409        684,706     1,197,115
          Bills receivable                                 –              –          4,596         4,596

          Total                                            –        512,409        689,302     1,201,711




62   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



23. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

     Liabilities measured at fair value:

                                                                 Fair value measurement using
                                                       Quoted
                                                        prices     Significant  Significant
                                                     in active     observable unobservable
                                                      markets          inputs       inputs              Total
                                                    (Level 1)        (Level 2)      (Level 3)
                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

     As at 30 June 2024

     Convertible bonds – embedded
       derivative instruments                               –               –          2,760           2,760

     As at 31 December 2023

     Convertible bonds – embedded
       derivative instruments                               –               –          2,743           2,743

     During the period/year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and
     Level 2 and no transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2023:
     Nil).

24. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     On 17 July 2024, the company made payments of RMB768,760,000 to shareholders in relation to
     dividends declared for the year ended 31 December 2023 (HK$14.22 cents per share).

     On 8 August 2024, the Group entered into a license agreement (the “Licensing Agreement”)
     with Guangzhou Lupeng Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Lupeng Pharma”). Pursuant to the Licensing
     Agreement, the Group obtained an exclusive license from Lupeng Pharma to develop and
     commercialize LP-168 within Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan (“Territory”).
     The Group will be responsible for R&D, obtaining regulatory approval, manufacturing and
     commercialization of LP-168 in all non-tumor indications in the Territory, and will pay an
     upfront payment and potential R&D, regulatory and commercial milestone payments of up to
     RMB729,000,000, plus up to double-digit tiered royalties on future product sales.

     Save as disclosed above, the Group has no other material events after the reporting period up to the
     date of this report.




                                                                                        2024 INTERIM REPORT       63
     Definitions


     In this interim report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the meanings
     set out below.

     “2023 Annual Report”              the annual report of the Company for the year ended December 31,
                                       2023 published on April 29, 2024

     “ADC”                             antibody-drug conjugate

     “Amgen”                           Amgen INC

     “Apex Medical”                    APEX MEDICAL COMPANY LTD., a company incorporated in the BVI as
                                       a limited liability company and wholly-owned by Mr. Cen Junda

     “ASCO”                            the American Society of Clinical Oncology

     “associate”                       has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

     “Audit Committee”                 the audit committee of the Board

     “Bcr-Abl TKI”                     BCR-ABL protein tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI)

     “BD”                              business development

     “Biotheus”                        Biotheus Inc* (普米斯生物技術(珠海)有限公司)

     “Board”                           the board of Directors of the Company

     “BVI”                             the British Virgin Islands

     “China” or “the PRC”              the People’s Republic of China

     “CKD”                             chronic kidney disease

     “CNS”                             central nervous system

     “Code Provisions”                 provisions under Corporate Governance Code

     “Company” or “our Company”        Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company Limited, a company
                                       incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability, its shares are
                                       listed and traded on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange




64   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Definitions


“Company Code”                the Company’s own code of conduct regarding securities transactions
                              of the Company by Directors and relevant employees

“connected person”            has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“connected transaction”       has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Convertible Bonds”           On January 22, 2021, the Company completed the issuance of US$600
                              million of zero-coupon convertible bonds due in 2026 to professional
                              investors (has the meaning given to it in the Securities and Futures
                              Ordinance (Cap. 571) and the Securities and Futures (Professional
                              Investors) Rules (Cap. 571D)), which are listed and traded on the Stock
                              Exchange with bond code of 40546

“core connected person”       has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Corporate Governance Code”   the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing
  or “CG Code”                Rules

“CSA”                         Corporate Sustainability Assessment

“Director(s)”                 the director(s) of the Company

“EGFR”                        epidermal growth factor receptor

“EGFR-TKI”                    epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI)

“ES-SCLC”                     extensive-stage small-cell lung cancer

“ESA(s)”                      erythropoiesis-stimulating agent(s)

“ESG”                         environmental, social and governance

“ESG Committee”               the environmental, social and governance committee of the Board

“GIP”                         glucose dependent insulinotropic polypeptide

“GLP-1”                       glucagon like peptide-1 receptor

“GMP”                         Good Manufacturing Practice




                                                                                2024 INTERIM REPORT     65
     Definitions


     “Group”, “our Group”, “we” or    the Company and its subsidiaries and, in respect of the period before
       “us”                           the Company became the holding company of our present subsidiaries,
                                      the businesses operated by such subsidiaries or their predecessors (as
                                      the case may be)

     “GSK”                            GSK plc

     “Harmonia Holding”               Harmonia Holding Investing (PTC) Limited

     “HK$” or “Hong Kong dollar(s)”   Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
       or “cent”

     “Hong Kong” or “HK”              the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

     “Listing Rules”                  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                                      Hong Kong Limited, as amended or supplemented from time to time

     “Lupeng Pharma”                  Guangzhou Lupeng Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (廣州麓鵬製藥有限公司)

     “Main Board”                     the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock
                                      Exchange which is independent from and operated in parallel with the
                                      Growth Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange. For the avoidance of
                                      doubt, the Main Board excludes the Growth Enterprise Market of the
                                      Stock Exchange

     “Model Code”                     the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
                                      Issuers as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

     “NDA”                            New Drug Application

     “NHC”                            the National Health Commission of the People’s Republic of China (中
                                      華人民共和國國家衛生健康委員會)

     “NHSA”                           the National Healthcare Security Administration of the People’s
                                      Republic of China (中華人民共和國國家醫療保障局)

     “NMOSD”                          neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorders

     “NMPA”                           the National Medical Products Administration of the People’s Republic
                                      of China (中華人民共和國國家藥品監督管理局)




66   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Definitions


“Nomination Committee”     the nomination committee of the Board

“NRDL”                     the National Reimbursement Drug List for Basic Medical Insurance,
                           Work- Related Injury Insurance and Maternity Insurance Catalogue* (國
                           家基本醫療保險、工傷保險和生育保險藥品目錄) released by the NHSA

“NSCLC”                    non-small cell lung cancer

“Prospectus”               the prospectus of the Company dated May 31, 2019

“Qyuns”                    Qyuns Therapeutics Co., Ltd.

“R&D”                      research and development

“Remuneration Committee”   the remuneration committee of the Board

“Renminbi” or “RMB”        Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Reporting Period”         the period of 6 months from January 1, 2024 to June 30, 2024

“RSU(s)”                   restricted share unit(s)

“RSU Scheme”               the scheme conditionally approved and adopted by the Company
                           on May 27, 2019, which has granted restricted share units upon
                           completion of the Global Offering, the details of which are set out in the
                           section headed “Statutory and General Information” in Appendix IV of
                           the Company’ s Prospectus

“RSU Trustee”              Computershare Hong Kong Trustees Limited

“SFO”                      the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                           Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                           time

“Share(s)”                 ordinary share(s) of the Company with nominal value of HK$0.00001
                           each, which are listed and traded on the Stock Exchange

“Shareholder(s)”           holder(s) of Shares




                                                                               2024 INTERIM REPORT      67
     Definitions


     “Stellar Infinity”                       Stellar Infinity Company Ltd., a company incorporated in the BVI as a
                                              limited liability company and held as to 100% by Sunrise Investment

     “Stock Exchange”                         The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

     “Strategy and Development                the strategy and development committee of the Board
       Committee”

     “subsidiary” or “subsidiaries”           has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

     “Substantial Shareholder(s)”             has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

     “Sunrise Investment”                     Sunrise Investment Advisors Limited, a company incorporated in the
                                              BVI with limited liability and held as to 100% by Harmonia Holding

     “Sunrise Trust”                          Sunrise Trust, a discretionary trust set up by Ms. Sun, of which
                                              Harmonia Holding acts as the trustee pursuant to a trust deed dated
                                              January 28, 2016

     “T2DM”                                   type 2 diabetes mellitus

     “U.S. FDA”                               the United States Food and Drug Administration

     “Viela Bio”                              Viela Bio, Inc.

     “%”                                      Percentage

     *     For identification purposes only




68   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
