Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company Limited

翰森製藥集團有限公司
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
Stock Code : 3692




                                                              2019
                                                              Annual Repor t
Contents
  2   Corporate Overview

  4   Corporate Information

  6   Financial Highlights

  7   Chairlady ’s Statement

  8   Management Discussion and Analysis

 15   Corporate Governance Report

 25   Directors ’ Report

 35   Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management

 41   Independent Auditor ’s Report

 46   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

 47   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

 48   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

 50   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

 51   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

 53   Notes to Financial Statements

110   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
    Corporate Overview


    The Company is one of the leading research and development-driven pharmaceutical companies in the
    People’s Republic of China (“PRC” or “China”), devoting itself to meet the unmet clinical needs of patients
    and improve the health and well-being of human beings through continuing innovation.

    The Company has established a leading position in some of the largest and fastest-growing therapeutic
    areas in the PRC with significant unmet clinical needs, including central nervous system (“CNS”)
    diseases, oncology, anti-infectives and diabetes.

    The core driving force of the Company is its focus on innovation. The Company has continuously
    increased its investments in research and development (“R&D”) over the years, established a sound R&D
    platform and mastered a number of proprietary technologies. It has successfully launched and developed
    a series of innovative drugs and first-to-market generic drugs. During the year under review, the Company
    successfully launched seven new drugs in total, including two innovative drugs, Fulaimei (polyethylene
    glycol loxenatide for injection) and Hansoh Xinfu (flumatinib mesylate).

    The Company attaches great importance to product quality. It has maintained the advanced nature of its
    production quality system through overseas certification, while at the same time constantly expanding the
    business pipeline of its principal businesses. In addition, it continues to introduce advanced management
    concepts and tools to improve the overall operation efficiency of the Group.

    As the innovative drugs are approved for marketing from time to time, the Company devotes efforts to
    improve its professional marketing capability and increase the understanding and knowledge of medical
    professionals regarding the innovative drugs.

    MAIN PRODUCTS

    CNS disease drugs:         Oulanning (olanzapine tablets) and Ameining (agomelatine tablets)

    Oncology drugs:            Pulaile (pemetrexed disodium for injection), Zefei (gemcitabine hydro chloride
                               for injection), Hansoh Xinfu (flumatinib mesylate), Xinwei (imatinib mesylate
                               tablets), Xinmei (decitabine for injection), Xintai (bortezomib for injection) and
                               Tanneng (fosaprepitant dimeglumine for injection)

    Anti-infective drug:       Mailingda (morinidazole sodium chloride injection), Zetan (tigecycline for
                               injection), Hengjie (linezolid glucose injection) and Hengsen (micafungin
                               sodium for injection)

    Others:                    Fulaimei (polyethylene glycol loxenatide for injection), Fulaidi (repaglinide
                               tablets), Fulairui (canagliflozin tablets), Ruibote (rabeprazole sodium enteric-
                               coated tablets), Zexin (apixaban tablets) and Ruiyisheng (prucalopride
                               succinate tablets)

    In 2013, the Company was first awarded with the State Science and Technology Award (second prize)
    (國家科技獎(二等獎)) by the PRC State Council (中國國務院) (the “State Council”). During the same
    year, we obtained United States Food and Drug Administration (“U.S. FDA”) certification for our oncology
    injectable products, including Zefei, which was approved for sale by the U.S. FDA. We obtained the latest
    versions of Chinese Good Manufacturing Practice (藥品生產品質管制規範) (“GMP”) certifications for all
    our production lines.

    In 2014, the Company was once again awarded with the State Science and Technology Award (second
    prize) ( 國家科技獎 ( 二等獎 )) by the State Council. During the same year, our first self-developed
    innovative drug Mailingda (morinidazole sodium chloride injection) was approved for sale in China.




2   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Overview


In 2017, the Company ranked 22 nd among the “Top 100 Pharmaceutical Industrial Enterprises of China”
(2017年中國醫藥工業企業百強) by the China National Pharmaceutical Industry Information Center (中國
醫藥工業信息中心).

In both 2018 and 2019, the Company ranked second for “R&D-driven Pharmaceutical Companies in
China” (中國醫藥研發產品線最佳工業企業) by the China National Pharmaceutical Industry Information
Center (中國醫藥工業信息中心) for two years consecutively.

In May 2019, our self-developed GLP-1 receptor agonist and a long-acting Category 1.1 innovative drug
indicated for the treatment of Type-II diabetes, Fulaimei (polyethylene glycol loxenatide for injection), was
approved for sale in China.

In May 2019, the Company was awarded with the “Green Enterprise Management Award” (2019年度綠色
企業管理獎).

On June 14, 2019 (the “Listing Date”), the shares of the Company were successfully listed (the “Listing”)
on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), creating a
milestone for the Group and laying a solid foundation for our future development.

In August 2019, the Company was named as an enterprise with “Excellence in Performing Social
Responsibilities Among Chinese Pharmaceutical Enterprises” (中國醫藥企業社會責任優秀) by the China
National Pharmaceutical Industry Information Center (中國醫藥工業信息中心).

In November 2019, Hansoh Xinfu (flumatinib mesylate), a Category 1.1 innovative drug self-developed by
the Company, obtained the approval for marketing in China and is indicated for the treatment of chronic
myelogenous leukemia.

The website of the Group: www.hspharm.com




                                                                                       2019 Annual Report       3
    Corporate Information


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                             AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

    Executive Directors                            Miss Sun Yuan (孫遠)
                                                   Ms. Li Yan Wing Rita (李昕穎)
    Ms. Zhong Huijuan (鍾慧娟)
     (Chairlady and Chief Executive Officer)       STOCK CODE
    Mr. Lyu Aifeng (呂愛鋒)
    Miss Sun Yuan (孫遠)                             Stock Code: 3692

    Non-executive Director                         REGISTERED OFFICE IN THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

    Ms. Ma Cuifang (馬翠芳)                           PO Box 309, Ugland House
                                                   Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
    Independent Non-executive Directors            Cayman Islands

    Mr. Lin Guoqiang (林國強)                         PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS AND HEAD
    Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉)              OFFICE IN THE PEOPLE ’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA
    Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤)
                                                   9 Dongjin Road
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                Economic & Technical Development Zone
                                                   Lianyungang
    Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉) (Chairman)   Jiangsu, 222069
    Mr. Lin Guoqiang (林國強)                         The People’s Republic of China
    Ms. Ma Cuifang (馬翠芳)
                                                   PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                                   Level 54, Hopewell Centre
    Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤) (Chairlady)             183 Queen’s Road East
    Ms. Zhong Huijuan (鍾慧娟)                        Hong Kong
    Mr. Lin Guoqiang (林國強)
                                                   COMPANY ’S WEBSITE
    STRATEGY AND DEVELOPMENT COMMITTEE
                                                   www.hspharm.com
    Ms. Zhong Huijuan (鍾慧娟) (Chairlady)
    Mr. Lyu Aifeng (呂愛鋒)                           AUDITOR
    Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉)
    Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤)                         Ernst & Young
                                                   Certified Public Accountants
    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                      22nd Floor, CITIC Tower
                                                   1 Tim Mei Avenue
    Ms. Zhong Shengli (鍾勝利)                        Hong Kong
    Ms. Li Yan Wing Rita (李昕穎)




4   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Information


HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISOR                        HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND
                                               TRANSFER OFFICE
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton (Hong Kong)
37/F, Hysan Place                              Tricor Investor Services Limited
500 Hennessy Road                              Level 54, Hopewell Centre
Causeway Bay                                   183 Queen’s Road East
Hong Kong                                      Hong Kong

COMPLIANCE ADVISOR                             PRINCIPAL BANK

Guotai Junan Capital Limited                   Lianyungang Branch of the Bank of Communications
27th Floor, Low Block                          No.45 Huanghe Road
Grand Millennium Plaza                         Economic & Technical Development Zone
181 Queen’s Road Central                       Lianyungang
Hong Kong                                      Jiangsu
                                               The People’s Republic of China
CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
PO Box 1093, Boundary Hall
Cricket Square
Grand Cayman, KY1-1102
Cayman Islands




                                                                             2019 Annual Report   5
    Financial Highlights


    RESULTS

                                                 2019          2018          2017          2016
                                              RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000

    REVENUE                                  8,682,746     7,722,278     6,185,537     5,432,960
    Cost of sales                             (729,540)     (603,100)     (455,171)     (397,279)

    Gross profit                             7,953,206     7,119,178     5,730,366     5,035,681

    Other income                                221,219        77,953        93,230        85,811
    Selling and distribution expenses        (3,266,380)   (3,208,680)   (2,704,200)   (2,378,040)
    Administrative expenses                    (777,692)     (790,158)     (614,075)     (537,972)
    Research and development costs           (1,120,681)     (881,288)     (575,544)     (403,065)
    Other (expenses)/gains, net                  (8,747)       (7,680)        3,014         5,274
    Finance cost                                      –             –             –        (3,411)

    PROFIT BEFORE TAX                        3,000,925     2,309,325     1,932,791     1,804,278
    Income tax expense                        (444,183)     (406,277)     (337,318)     (328,244)

    PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                      2,556,742     1,903,048     1,595,473     1,476,034

    ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                                 2019          2018          2017          2016
                                              RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000

    Total assets                            19,575,204     8,414,371     5,874,048     4,820,951
    Total liabilities                        6,530,882     5,946,473     1,355,358     1,846,613
    Total equity                            13,044,322     2,467,898     4,518,690     2,974,338




6   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Chairlady’s Statement


As a pharmaceutical enterprise founded in 1995, we have been continually committed to the innovation
and development in fields with unmet clinical needs during the past 25 years. The product portfolio of
our Group covers major therapeutic areas such as the central nervous system, oncology, anti-infective
and diabetes, and our core products have established market-leading positions in their respective sub-
fields.

In 2019, the pharmaceutical industry in China was on a rapid and high-quality development track.
Multiple significant policies introduced and implemented in the industry entailed medical reform
throughout the year, bringing profound and positive impacts to the country and its people. Our Group
proactively responds to the policy adjustment, increases input in innovation and R&D, and manufactures
products in an environmentally friendly manner. With such efforts, our Group has achieved stable
business growth, and reaps fruitful results in innovative pipelines.

In 2019, revenue of our Group was approximately RMB8,683 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of approximately 12.4%; R&D expenditure was approximately RMB1,121 million, representing a
year-on-year increase of approximately 27.2%, and accounted for approximately 12.9% of the revenue;
net profit was approximately RMB2,557 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately
34.3%; and earnings per share was approximately RMB0.47, representing a year-on-year increase of
approximately 22.6%.

Oulanning and Xinwei, two core products of our Group, became the first batch of medicines selected
into the nationwide scheme for centralized procurement and expansion of drugs, and maintained
steady growth in 2019. Hansoh Xinfu, indicated for the treatment of chronic myelogenous leukemia,
and Fulaimei, indicated for the treatment of diabetes, are both important Category 1 innovative drugs
and were approved for marketing. After negotiations on the NRDL in 2019, Mailingda, a Category 1
innovative drug, successfully renewed its inclusion into the NRDL, and was included into the Guideline
of Clinical Diagnosis for Intra-abdominal Infection (腹腔感染臨床診治指南). In April 2019, we submitted
an application for marketing of the third-generation EGFR, Ameile, which was approved for marketing in
March 2020. Our Group actively sought external cooperation to introduce the CD19 monoclonal antibody,
the first of its kind in the world, and plans to develop in China a number of indications, including
rare diseases. In addition, several first-to-market generic drugs were approved for marketing, which
strengthened our Group’s presence in its competitive therapeutic areas.

The year 2019 was the year during which our Group has built upon its past achievements and made new
progress, and was a year of innovation and enhancement for our Group. Hansoh Pharmaceutical was
officially listed on the Stock Exchange in June 2019, and was added to a number of major stock indexes
around the world, including MSCI.

Looking ahead, the year 2020 will be the second year of embracing the initiative of “Healthy China” (健
康中國). We will continue to create excellence in pharmaceuticals, enhance innovation in China, serve
a vast population of patients with quality pharmaceutical services, and reward our shareholders with
outstanding sales performance.

I hereby would like to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, members of the Board, the
management of our Group, all our staff, as well as our business partners.



Ms. Zhong Huijuan
Chairlady and Chief Executive Officer




                                                                                  2019 Annual Report     7
    Management Discussion and Analysis


    INDUSTRY REVIEW

    China’s economic growth was stable during 2019, with its gross domestic product growing at a rate of 6.1%
    year on year. During the same period, the continuous and further implementation of the national medical
    reform has brought significant challenges and opportunities to the entire pharmaceutical industry.
    Under the general environment of price control over the medicines covered by medical insurance, the
    “4+7” scheme for centralized tendering with minimum procurement quantities has been implemented
    successively since March, and the centralized tendering scheme in the allied regions was extended
    nationwide while the second batch of nationwide centralized tendering was initiated in December, in order
    to promote the improvement of the product quality of enterprises and to exert pressure on enterprises to
    lower their pricing at the same time. The working model of the adjustment to the National Reimbursement
    Drug List (“NRDL”, 國家醫保藥品目錄) led by the National Healthcare Security Administration (國家醫保局)
    was consolidated, and the dynamic adjustment of the NRDL has entered into a normal state. The system
    of including innovative drugs in the NRDL upon negotiations is basically sound, under which a wide
    range of innovative drugs are included in the NRDL based on the clinical value and taking into account
    the efficacy, safety and cost-effectiveness of drugs. The national piloting of payment systems based
    on diagnosis related groups (DRGs) has promoted the standardized treatment of medical institutions.
    Under such a multi-directional and profound reform situation, innovation has become the core driving
    force for the development of pharmaceutical enterprises. Enterprises with strong innovation ability, rich
    product pipelines, high level of product quality, guaranteed production and supply, along with excellent
    commercialization capabilities, have the opportunity to further build and continuously expand their
    advantages in the complex and volatile environment through a combination of measures.

    BUSINESS REVIEW

    During the year, the Group’s main achievements and awards are as follows:

    In April 2019, an application for marketing was made in respect of the third-generation epidermal
    growth factor receptor (“EGFR”) inhibitor, almonertinib tablets (HS-10296), which was accepted for new
    drug priority review and is a self-developed innovative drug indicated for the treatment of patients with
    non-small cell lung cancer with EGFR-T790M mutation. It is expected to significantly prolong the life
    expectancy of targeted patients after its launch.

    In May 2019, the long-acting GLP-1 receptor agonist Fulaimei (polyethylene glycol loxenatide for
    injection), which is a self-developed innovative drug, was approved for launch, providing a better
    treatment choice for diabetes patients in China and significantly improving their medication experience
    and quality of life.

    In May 2019, we signed a cooperation agreement with Viela Bio, Inc. to develop CD19 monoclonal
    antibody inebilizumab in the PRC for the treatment of neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder (“NMOSD”)
    as well as other autoimmune diseases and hematological malignancies.

    In November 2019, Hansoh Xinfu (flumatinib mesylate), a Category 1.1 innovative drug self-developed
    by the Company, was approved for marketing in China and is indicated for the treatment of chronic
    myelogenous leukemia.

    During the year under review, we also obtained the production approvals for Apixaban tablets, Vildagliptin
    tablets, fosaprepitant dimeglumine for injection and canagliflozin tablets, all of which are domestic first-
    to-market generic drugs and together with linezolid tablets are considered to have passed the consistency
    evaluation. Cefdinir capsules were the first to pass the consistency evaluation.




8   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)

During the year under review, the application for the production of our innovative drug almonertinib
was submitted, and the clinical trial application for HS-10342 was submitted and we obtained implied
permission to conduct phase I clinical trials. In addition, we submitted applications for marketing in
respect of Paliperidone extended-release tablets, Dabigatran etexilate capsules, dexlansoprazole enteric-
coated capsules and lenalidomide capsules.

During the year under review, our oncology injectable product Pulaile obtained U.S. FDA certification.
The new 2019 edition of the NRDL was announced, in which our drugs listed in the 2017 edition were not
removed and one drug, i.e. metformin hydrochloride repaglinide tablets, was included. The agreement
with the National Healthcare Security Administration was renewed successfully through negotiation
to enable the continuous inclusion of Mailingda in the NRDL. The construction of the high-end
pharmaceutical products R&D center and phase 1 production base in Changzhou has been completed,
which are to be put into use. The construction of the biological drugs production base started.

During the year under review, the Company actively made adjustments in response to the national
medical reform policy. Following the success of Oulanning and Xinwei being selected for the “4+7”
scheme for centralized tendering with minimum procurement quantities, these two drugs further won
the bid within the expanded nationwide range and maintained their stable growth throughout the year.
In respect of our existing competitive areas, the Company strengthened academic facilities and publicity
activities and continuously improved product coverage, so as to ensure the achievement of performance
targets, leading market share and steady growth. After the launch of Hansoh Xinfu (flumatinib mesylate)
and Fulaimei (polyethylene glycol loxenatide for injection), the Company has strengthened its professional
academic team facilities. The existing clinical data and clinical experience of the Company has been
highly recognized by clinical experts. Meanwhile, the Company cooperated with professional institutions
to carry out post-marketing clinical research projects and accumulate more sufficient clinic-based
evidence. The Company will subsequently organize and expand the chronic disease management to help
patients improve their disease course management.

For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Group recorded revenue of approximately RMB8,683 million
during the year under review, representing an increase of approximately 12.4% compared with the
previous year; net profit of approximately RMB2,557 million, representing an increase of approximately
34.3% compared with the previous year; and earnings per share of approximately RMB0.47, representing
an increase of approximately 22.6% compared with the previous year.

REVENUE

We generate substantially all of our revenue from sales of pharmaceutical products. Most of our main
products are in the CNS diseases, oncology, anti-infectives and other main therapeutic areas we
strategically target. The growth in our total revenue was primarily attributable to the increase in sales of
products in each of our therapeutic areas.




                                                                                      2019 Annual Report       9
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     REVENUE (Continued)

     CNS disease products

     Our CNS disease drug portfolio mainly consists of, among others, Oulanning (olanzapine tablets) and
     Ameining (agomelatine tablets). For the year ended December 31, 2019, revenue from our CNS disease
     drug portfolio amounted to approximately RMB2,171 million, accounting for approximately 25.0% of our
     total revenue.

     Oulanning is the first-to-market generic of olanzapine in China, which is indicated for treatment of
     schizophrenia, mania and bipolar affective disorder, typically prescribed for long-term use. After its launch,
     Oulanning has been widely recognized clinically for its excellent efficacy and quality. In comparison with
     original schizophrenia drugs, olanzapine is indicated for a wider range of indications. Olanzapine also has
     faster control of acute symptoms and the occurrence rate of extrapyramidal reactions is either small or
     insignificant. In 2014, Oulanning won the second prize for the Advancement of Science and Technology
     Award (國家科技進步二等獎). In May 2018, Oulanning became the first olanzapine tablets to pass the
     consistency evaluation. During the year under review, revenue from Oulanning maintained steady growth.

     Oncology products

     In respect of oncology products, we primarily focus on drugs for the treatment of solid tumors with high
     incidence such as lung cancer and breast cancer, as well as hematological cancer. Our oncology drug
     portfolio mainly consists of Hansoh Xinfu (flumatinib mesylate) which was newly launched in 2019,
     Pulaile (pemetrexed disodium for injection), Zefei (gemcitabine hydrochloride for injection), Xinwei
     (imatinib mesylate tablets), Xinmei (decitabine for injection), Xintai (bortezomib for injection) and
     Tanneng (fosaprepitant dimeglumine for injection). For the year ended December 31, 2019, revenue from
     our oncology drug portfolio amounted to approximately RMB3,530 million, accounting for approximately
     40.6% of our total revenue.

     Xinwei is the first-to-market generic of imatinib, which is indicated for the targeted treatment of, among
     others, Philadelphia chromosome-positive chronic myelogenous leukemia and acute lymphocytic
     leukemia, gastrointestinal stromal tumors. Unlike chemotherapy drugs, imatinib is typically prescribed for
     long-term use. In May 2018, Xinwei became the first imatinib mesylate tablets to pass the consistency
     evaluation. Pulaile is the first-to-market generic of pemetrexed, which is indicated for the treatment of
     non-small cell lung cancer and malignant pleural mesothelioma, and is the first-line chemotherapeutic
     drug. Pulaile obtained the Japanese Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA) certification
     in 2016 and obtained U.S. FDA certification in 2019. Zefei is the first-to-market generic of gemcitabine,
     which is indicated for the treatment of middle and late-stage non-small cell lung cancer, breast cancer,
     and pancreatic cancer, and is the first-line typical chemotherapeutic drug. In 2013, Zefei obtained U.S.
     FDA certification. In 2013, Zefei won the second prize for the Advancement of Science and Technology
     Award ( 國家科技進步二等獎). Since its launch in 2001, Zefei has taken a leading position in the
     gemcitabine market and increased penetration into country markets through our professional academic
     promotion and active expansion of its scope of clinical application. During the year under review, revenue
     from oncology product portfolio also remained steady.




10   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


REVENUE (Continued)

Anti-infective products

Our anti-infective drug portfolio mainly consists of, among others, Mailingda (morinidazole sodium
chloride injection), Zetan (tigecycline for injection), Hengjie (linezolid glucose injection) and Hengsen
(micafungin sodium for injection). The Company mainly focuses on drug-resistant bacteria products as
the clinical needs of these products are increasing. Meanwhile, the Company maintains rational drug use
as the guiding direction for academic activities of anti-infective drugs, to promote the regulated clinical
use of anti-infective drugs. For the year ended December 31, 2019, revenue from our anti-infective drug
portfolio amounted to approximately RMB1,829 million, accounting for approximately 21.1% of our total
revenue.

Mailingda is our first self-developed innovative drug, and is also the latest generation of nitroimidazole-
class drug indicated for treatment of pelvic inflammation, gangrenous appendicitis and suppurative
appendicitis caused by certain bacteria in adults. It has a better safety profile than the previous
generation of typical drug named ornidazole. In 2017, Mailingda was included in the NRDL after
negotiation. The agreement with the National Healthcare Security Administration was renewed
successfully in November 2019 through negotiation. During the year under review, revenue from
Mailingda met our expectation.

Gastrointestinal, diabetes and cardiovascular products

Our drug portfolio of this segment mainly consists of, among others, Fulaimei (polyethylene glycol
loxenatide for injection), Fulaidi (repaglinide tablets), Fulairui (canagliflozin tablets), Ruibote (rabeprazole
sodium enteric-coated tablets), Zexin (apixaban tablets) and Ruiyisheng (prucalopride succinate
tablets). For the year ended December 31, 2019, revenue from the drug portfolio in relation to the
abovementioned areas amounted to approximately RMB1,153 million, accounting for approximately
13.3% of our total revenue.

Fulaimei (polyethylene glycol loxenatide for injection) is our self-developed innovative diabetes drug.
With clear hypoglycemic efficacy and high safety, it requires only one injection per week, providing a
new treatment choice to diabetes patients in China. Fulaimei is also the first innovative drug launched by
using our proprietary PEGylation technology.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

We have one of the largest R&D teams among pharmaceutical companies in China. Our dedicated
professional R&D team consists of thousands of researchers working in two centres in Shanghai and
Lianyungang. We have several national-level R&D designations, including the National Technology Center
(國家級技術中心), Post-doctoral Research Station (博士後科研工作站) and Key National Laboratory (國家
重點實驗室).

For the year ended December 31, 2019, R&D expenditure amounted to approximately RMB1,121 million,
representing approximately 12.9% of our revenue. The R&D expenditure during this year increased
by approximately 27.2% as compared with the previous year. On the one hand, we continued to make
more investments in our independent R&D, resulting in continued increase in the clinical trial expenses
of innovative drugs. On the other hand, we also introduced international advanced varieties through
cooperation. The relevant expenses for technology introduction for this year were approximately RMB138
million.




                                                                                          2019 Annual Report       11
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT (Continued)

     We focus on R&D of innovative products in the fields such as CNS diseases, oncology, anti-infectives
     and diabetes. At present, we have more than 100 research projects, including 4 innovative drug projects
     entering into the phase II and post-phase II phases of clinical trials, and 20 projects which are for
     the development of bioequivalency (BE) (including the application for production). During the year
     under review, the Company has newly applied for and obtained clinical approvals of 2 drugs, and filed
     applications for marketing of 10 drugs, out of which 7 new drugs (including two innovative drugs and
     four first-to-market generic drugs) have been granted approval and among which 1 drug has passed the
     consistency evaluation. Among these, the self-developed innovative drug Fulaimei (polyethylene glycol
     loxenatide) has been approved for marketing. It has clear hypoglycemic efficacy and high safety, and
     is only required to be injected once a week, providing a new treatment choice for diabetes patients in
     China. Fulaimei is also the first-to-market innovative drug launched by using our proprietary PEGylation
     technology, which builds greater confidence for subsequent application of such technology. Hansoh
     Xinfu (flumatinib mesylate), a self-developed innovative drug, has been approved for launch during the
     year. This drug is a second-generation TKI targeting Bcr-Abl for the treatment of chronic myelogenous
     leukemia. Based on the results of existing clinical trials, its efficacy is greater than imatinib, no pleural
     effusion or cardiotoxicity which was incurred in the use of other second-generation drugs was found
     and its safety is higher. Almonertinib tablets (HS-10296), a self-developed innovative and a third-
     generation EGFR-TKI drug, has been accepted for new drug priority review after applying for marketing.
     It is indicated for treatment of patients with non-small cell lung cancer with EGFR-T790M mutation and
     is expected to significantly prolong the life expectancy of target patients upon its launch; meanwhile, the
     phase III clinical trials for patients with non-small cell lung cancer with EGFR mutation have completed
     the enrollment of patients for all clinical trials during the year under review. HS-10234, a self-developed
     innovative drug, has completed the enrollment of patients for all clinical trials during the year under
     review, and is expected to submit new drug application in 2020. This drug is expected to be used for
     the treatment of hepatitis B, and improves the efficacy while significantly reducing toxic side effect as
     compared with its previous generation of drug (TDF).

     In addition to investment in R&D internally, the Group also actively sought external cooperation and
     acquisition opportunities. In May 2019, we entered into a cooperation agreement with Viela Bio, Inc.
     for the development of CD19 monoclonal antibody inebilizumab to treat NMOSD and other autoimmune
     diseases and hematologic malignancies in the PRC. NMOSD is a rare autoimmune disease in which
     overactive immune cells and autoantibodies in the patients attack the optic nerve and spinal cord,
     causing blindness, paraplegia, sensory loss, bladder dysfunction, and peripheral pain.

     LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

     For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Group’s operating activities generated a net cash inflow of
     approximately RMB3,330 million. The turnover days of both trade receivables and inventory experienced
     a decrease. The capital expenditure for the year was RMB612 million, mainly relating to the construction,
     purchase of additional land, buildings and workshops, and the purchase of equipment, motor vehicles and
     software required for production, R&D and administrative activities. The Group’s cash flow of financing
     activities for the year mainly consisted of the receivables upon the Listing of approximately RMB7,852
     million and the payment of RMB1,500 million for our undistributed dividends declared before the Listing.

     The Group’s financial position remains sound. As at December 31, 2019, we had cash and bank balances
     of RMB8,238 million (as at December 31, 2018: RMB965 million), financial assets at fair value through
     profit or loss of RMB2,772 million (as at December 31, 2018: RMB2,016 million), and other financial
     assets of RMB3,583 million (as at December 31, 2018: RMB512 million). As at December 31, 2019,
     our financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and other financial assets primarily comprise of
     investments in financial products issued by commercial banks. Our purchase of financial products after
     the Listing does not constitute notifiable transactions of the Company under the Rules Governing the
     Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (“Listing Rules”). As at December 31, 2019, the Group’s
     gearing ratio (calculated as total liabilities divided by total assets) was approximately 33.4% (as at
     December 31, 2018: 70.7%).


12   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES (Continued)

Most of the Group’s assets and liabilities are denominated in Renminbi, United States Dollars and Hong
Kong Dollars. The Group manages its foreign exchange risk by closely monitoring its net foreign exchange
exposure to reduce the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations.

PLEDGE OF GROUP ASSETS

As at December 31, 2019, none of the Group’s assets was subject to any encumbrance, mortgage, lien,
charge or pledge.

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at December 31, 2019, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD

During the year ended December 31, 2019, we did not have any significant investments.

FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

As at December 31, 2019, the Group did not have any plans for material investments and capital assets.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals
of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.

EMPLOYEES AND EMOLUMENTS POLICY

As at December 31, 2019, the Group had a total of 9,178 full-time employees, whose remuneration is
determined based on their performance and experience as well as the prevailing market salary level. The
staff costs, including remuneration of the directors of the Company, social welfare and other benefits,
were approximately RMB1,566 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. We also provide regular
training to employees designed to strengthen staff commitment to us and improve staff knowledge in a
number of important areas of our services, such as knowledge about the Company and our products as
well as sales, laws and regulations applicable to our operation, requirements under applicable GMP or
other certifications, quality control, production safety and corporate culture.

We have conditionally approved and adopted a scheme for the grant of restricted share units (“RSU
Scheme”) on May 27, 2019 to recognize contributions by selected participants and give incentives thereto
in order to retain them for the continual operation and development of the Group and to attract suitable
personnel for further development of the Group. For details of the RSU Scheme, please refer to the
prospectus of the Company dated May 31, 2019. As at December 31, 2019, no restricted share unit had
been granted by the Company pursuant to the RSU Scheme.




                                                                                   2019 Annual Report      13
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     After December 31, 2019, the following material events have occurred to the Company:

     In March 2020, “almonertinib mesylate tablets” (product name “Ameile” (阿美樂®)), a Category 1
     innovative drug developed by Jiangsu Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (江蘇豪森藥業集團有限公
     司), a subsidiary of the Company, has been granted drug registration approval by the National Medical
     Products Administration of the PRC, and is indicated for treatment of patients with locally advanced
     or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer with T790M mutation, who have progressed on or after
     EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy.

     In early 2020, the Company actively donated supplies and funds to affected areas through charitable
     organizations after the outbreak of novel coronavirus (COVID-19), so as to help combat the pandemic.

     Meanwhile, the Company took scientific countermeasures to resume work normally to ensure the progress
     of each business segment such as production, R&D and operation. The short-term impact on product
     promotion of the Company is under control.

     The Company will continuously monitor the development of the pandemic and assess relevant impact on
     the overall operations performance of the Group.

     On April 22, 2020, the Company entered into a placing agreement (the “Placing Agreement”) with Morgan
     Stanley & Co. International plc and Citigroup Global Markets Limited (collectively, the “Placing Agents”)
     pursuant to which the Placing Agents agreed to, as agents of the Company, procure certain placees for,
     or failing which to purchase themselves, 130,380,000 new Shares to be issued by the Company under
     general mandate at the placing price of HK$26.75 per placing share on the terms and subject to the
     conditions set out in the Placing Agreement. For more details, please refer to the announcement of the
     Company dated April 22, 2020.

     Prospects

     Given the acceleration of population aging in China and the continuously growing income level of Chinese
     residents, there is a rapid increase in health awareness and medical demand from the general public in
     China, leading to a growth in healthcare expenditure year by year. Cost control serves as an important
     initiative in the PRC medical reform. The scheme for centralized tendering with minimum procurement
     quantities of drugs fully implemented last year has a far-reaching impact on the development of the PRC
     pharmaceutical industry, which not only imposes pressure on pharmaceutical manufacturers to reduce
     prices, but also accelerates the process of industry differentiation and integration, promoting the sound
     and sustainable development of the industry. In the past few years, the PRC government has been
     continuously increasing medical investment in major diseases. In 2018, the PRC government held special
     negotiations on the inclusion of selected oncology drugs into the NRDL. In 2019, the PRC government
     carried out the largest negotiation on the inclusion of exclusive and patented drugs into the NRDL since
     the establishment of our medical insurance system, and introduced policies to support the development
     of medicines for chronic diseases including diabetes and hypertension, rare diseases and children, so as
     to meet the people’s profound need for healthy life this year. Meanwhile, the establishment of dynamic
     adjustment mechanism of medical insurance and the implementation of a series of supporting measures,
     such as speeding up the review by the drug administration department, ensure the realization of
     objectives of medical reform policy. In the PRC pharmaceutical market with huge potential, the industry
     reform brings both opportunities and challenges to the development of pharmaceutical manufacturers,
     therefore the manufacturers’ comprehensive competitiveness is critical to their future development. In the
     future, we will continue to enhance our core competitiveness in, among others, the fields of R&D, sales
     and production. The management of the Group is confident that, with the Group’s strong competitive
     positioning of its innovative products, its strong product pipeline and its proven R&D capabilities, the
     Group is well positioned to enter a new phase of rapid growth.




14   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report


Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company Limited (the “Company”) is pleased to present the Corporate
Governance Report. The Company is committed to achieving high standards of governance that properly
protects and promotes the interests of all shareholders and enhances corporate value and accountability.

The Company’s corporate governance practices are based on the principles and code provisions as set
out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing
the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
Exchange”) and the Company has adopted the CG Code as its own code of corporate governance. The CG
Code has been applicable to the Company with effect from June 14, 2019 (the “Listing Date”).

The Company has complied with all applicable code provisions as set out in the CG Code during the
period from the Listing Date to December 31, 2019, save for code provisions A.2.1 and A.5.1 of the
CG Code as disclosed in this report. The Company will continue to review and monitor its corporate
governance practices to ensure compliance with the CG Code.

A.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     Board of Directors

     The businesses of the Company are managed and conducted by the board (the “Board”) of directors
     (the “Directors”) of the Company. The Board is responsible for leading and controlling the Company
     and its subsidiaries (the “Group”), promoting the success of the Company by guiding and overseeing
     the affairs of the Group, and making decisions objectively in the best interests of the Company.

     The Board will regularly review the contribution required from a Director to perform his/her
     responsibilities to the Group, and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them.
     Each Director should also disclose to the Company in a timely manner for any change, the number
     and nature of offices held in public companies or organizations and other significant commitments.

     To oversee particular aspects of the Company’s affairs, the Board has established three Board
     committees, including the Audit Committee (the “Audit Committee”), the Remuneration Committee
     (the “Remuneration Committee”) and the Strategy and Development Committee (the “Strategy and
     Development Committee”). The Board has delegated to the Board committees the responsibilities as
     set out in their respective terms of reference.

     The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage in respect of liability arising from legal
     action against its Directors, and will conduct annual review on such insurance coverage.

     Board Composition
     As at December 31, 2019, the Board comprised three executive Directors (including the Chairlady
     and Chief Executive Officer), one non-executive Director and three independent non-executive
     Directors.

     Position                                Name

     Executive Director                      Ms. Zhong Huijuan (Chairlady and Chief Executive Officer)
                                             Mr. Lyu Aifeng
                                             Miss Sun Yuan

     Non-executive Director                  Ms. Ma Cuifang

     Independent Non-executive Director      Mr. Lin Guoqiang
                                             Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai
                                             Ms. Yang Dongtao

                                                                                    2019 Annual Report      15
     Corporate Governance Report


     A.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

          Board Composition (Continued)
          The biographical details of Directors and the relations of Board members are set out in the section
          headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management” in this Annual Report.

          Independent Non-executive Directors

          In compliance with Rules 3.10 and 3.10(A) of the Listing Rules, the Company has appointed three
          independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board with one of whom
          possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management
          expertise. The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent
          non-executive Directors in respect of his/her independence in accordance with the independence
          guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all independent
          non-executive Directors are independent.

          Corporate Governance Functions

          The Board is responsible for the following functions:

          •    convening general meetings;

          •    reporting the Board’s work at these meetings;

          •    implementing resolutions passed in these meetings;

          •    determining business and investment plans;

          •    formulating our annual budget and final accounts and formulating our proposals for dividend
               distribution;

          •    suggesting the increase or reduction of registered capital;

          •    developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct and compliance manual, applicable
               to employees and directors;

          •    reviewing the Group’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate
               Governance Report;

          •    reviewing and monitoring the Group’s policies and practices in compliance with legal and
               regulatory requirements;

          •    developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and
               making recommendations to the Board;

          •    reviewing and monitoring training and continuous professional development of Directors and
               senior management; and

          •    performing other authorities, functions and responsibilities in accordance with the Articles of
               Association of the Company (the “Articles”).

          During the year under review, the Board has reviewed the Company’s corporate governance
          policies and practices, training and continuous professional development of its Directors and senior
          management, the Company’s own code of conduct regarding securities transactions of the Company
          by Directors and relevant employees (the “Company Code”), and the Company’s compliance with the
          CG Code.



16   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report


A.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

     Responsibilities of the Board and the Management

     The Board reserves for its decision on all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and
     budgets, internal control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may
     involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment of directors and other significant
     operational matters of the Company. Responsibilities relating to implementing decisions of the
     Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation and management of the Company are
     delegated to the management.

     Chairlady and Chief Executive Officer

     Code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code states that the roles of chairman and chief executive should
     be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. The Company has appointed Ms.
     Zhong Huijuan (“Ms. Zhong”) as both the chairlady and the chief executive officer of the Company.
     Due to the nature and the extent of the Group’s operations and Ms. Zhong’s in-depth knowledge and
     experience in the PRC pharmaceutical industry, the Board considers that the balance of power and
     authority under the present arrangement is not impaired and this structure will enable the Company
     to make and implement decisions promptly and effectively. The Board will continue to review and
     consider splitting the roles of chairlady of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company
     at a time when it is appropriate by taking into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.

     Re-election of Directors

     Code provision A.4.1 of the CG Code stipulates that non-executive Directors shall be appointed for a
     specific term, subject to re-election, whereas code provision A.4.2 states that all directors appointed
     to fill a casual vacancy shall be subject to election by shareholders at the first general meeting
     after appointment and that every director, including those appointed for a specific term, should be
     subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.

     Each of the Directors is engaged on a service contract (for executive Director) for a term of three
     years, an appointment letter (for non-executive Director) for a term of one year or an appointment
     letter (for independent non-executive Director) for a term of three years, commencing from the
     Listing Date and is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election pursuant to the Articles and the
     Listing Rules.

     In accordance with the Articles, one third of the Directors for the time being shall retire from office
     by rotation at every annual general meeting of the Company provided that every Director (including
     those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every
     three years and any Director appointed by the Board or elected by the shareholders to fill a casual
     vacancy or as an addition to the Board shall hold office until the next general meeting of the
     Company after his/her appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting.

     Training and Continuous Professional Development

     Directors

     Each newly appointed Director receives formal, comprehensive and tailored induction on the first
     occasion of his/her appointment, in order to make sure that he/she has appropriate understanding of
     the business and operations of the Company and is fully aware of his/her duties and responsibilities
     under the Listing Rules and other relevant regulatory requirements.



                                                                                      2019 Annual Report       17
     Corporate Governance Report


     A.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

          Training and Continuous Professional Development (Continued)

          Directors (Continued)

          Directors are encouraged to participate in appropriate continuous professional development to
          develop and refresh their knowledge and skills to ensure that their contribution to the Board
          remains informed and relevant. Internally facilitated briefings for Directors will be arranged and
          reading material on relevant topics will be issued to Directors where appropriate.

          Immediately prior to the Listing, all Directors have been given the relevant guideline materials
          regarding the duties and responsibilities of being a Director, the relevant laws and regulations
          applicable to the Directors and duty of disclosure of interest.

          In addition, relevant reading materials including legal and regulatory updates have been provided to
          the Directors for their reference and studying. Internal training sessions were also arranged for the
          Directors during the year under review, which cover topics including but not limited to connected
          transactions and the continuing disclosure obligations of a listed corporation.

          During the year under review, the Directors participated in the following trainings:

          Directors                                                                              Type(s) of Training Note

          Executive Directors
          Ms. Zhong Huijuan                                                                                      A and B
          Mr. Lyu Aifeng                                                                                         A and B
          Miss Sun Yuan                                                                                          A and B

          Non-executive Director
          Ms. Ma Cuifang                                                                                         A and B

          Independent non-executive Directors
          Mr. Lin Guoqiang                                                                                       A and B
          Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai                                                                            A and B
          Ms. Yang Dongtao                                                                                       A and B

          Note:

          Types of Training
          A: Attending training sessions, including but not limited to, briefings, seminars, conferences and workshops
          B: Reading relevant news alerts, newspapers, journals, magazines and relevant publications

          Joint Company Secretaries

          The Company Secretaries are responsible for facilitating the Board process, as well as
          communications among the Board members, shareholders and management. Ms. Zhong Shengli,
          together with Ms. Li Yan Wing Rita of Tricor Services Limited, which is an external service provider,
          has been engaged by the Company as its joint company secretaries. The biographical information
          of Ms. Zhong Shengli and Ms. Li Yan Wing Rita are set out in the section headed “Biographical
          Details of Directors and Senior Management” of this Annual Report. Ms. Zhong Shengli and Ms. Li
          Yan Wing Rita have confirmed that they have taken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional
          training during the year ended December 31, 2019 in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing
          Rules. The primary contact person at the Company is Ms. Zhong Shengli.




18   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report


A.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

     Committees

     The Board has established the following committees: Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee
     and Strategy and Development Committee. The committees operate in accordance with their
     respective terms of reference established by the Board. All Board committees of the Company
     are established with defined written terms of reference. The terms of reference of the Board
     committees are posted on the websites of the Company and of the Stock Exchange and are available
     to shareholders upon request. The majority of the members of each Board committee (except the
     Strategy and Development Committee) are independent non-executive Directors and the list of the
     chairman and members of each Board committee is set out under “Corporate Information” of this
     Annual Report.

     Audit Committee

     The Audit Committee consists of two independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Chan
     Charles Sheung Wai (chairman of the Audit Committee) and Mr. Lin Guoqiang, and one non-
     executive Director, namely, Ms. Ma Cuifang.

     The major duties and responsibilities of the Audit Committee are set out clearly in its terms of
     reference, which include assisting the Board in reviewing the financial information and reporting
     system, risk management and internal control system, relationship with external auditors, and
     reviewing arrangements that employees of the Company can use, in confidence, to raise concerns
     about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters. The Audit
     Committee also performs the responsibilities as set out in the CG Code.

     The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2019 have
     been reviewed by the Audit Committee and the external auditor. The Audit Committee is of the
     view that the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31,
     2019 comply with the applicable accounting standards and the Listing Rules, and that sufficient
     disclosures have been made.

     According to paragraph C.3.3(e)(i) of the CG Code, the Audit Committee must meet with the
     Company’s auditors at least twice a year. During the year ended December 31, 2019, two meetings
     were held by the Audit Committee to review the unaudited financial statements for the six months
     ended June 30, 2019 as the Company was only listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange on
     June 14, 2019. The Audit Committee held a meeting on March 30, 2020 to review the consolidated
     financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2019 as well as the effectiveness of the
     internal audit function of the Company and any recommendations on the management and control
     of internal risks. All members of the Audit Committee attended the meetings in person.

     Remuneration Committee

     The Remuneration Committee consists of three members: two independent non-executive Directors,
     namely, Ms. Yang Dongtao (chairlady of the Remuneration Committee) and Mr. Lin Guoqiang, and
     one executive Director, namely, Ms. Zhong.

     The primary functions of the Remuneration Committee include reviewing and making
     recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors
     and non-executive Directors and senior management, the remuneration policy and structure for
     all Directors and senior management; and establishing transparent procedures for developing
     such remuneration policy and structure to ensure that no Director or any of his/her associates will
     participate in deciding his/her own remuneration.




                                                                                   2019 Annual Report      19
     Corporate Governance Report


     A.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

          Remuneration Committee (Continued)

          During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Remuneration Committee held one meeting to
          consider and recommend to the Board the remuneration and other benefits paid by the Company to
          the Directors and senior management and other related matters. All members of the Remuneration
          Committee attended the meeting in person. The emoluments of Directors are determined by
          reference to the skills, experiences, responsibilities, employment conditions and time commitment
          in the Group’s affairs and performance of each Director as well as salaries paid by comparable
          companies and the prevailing market conditions.

          Strategy and Development Committee

          The Strategy and Development Committee consists of four members: two executive Directors,
          namely, Ms. Zhong (chairlady of the Strategy and Development Committee) and Mr. Lyu Aifeng,
          and two independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai and Ms. Yang
          Dongtao.

          The primary duties of the Strategy and Development Committee include conducting research and
          making suggestions for the medium-to-long-term development strategy and development plans of
          the Company, considering the annual operation plans and investment proposals of the Company, as
          well as conducting research and making suggestions for any expansion to new markets, launch of
          new business and R&D of new products of the Company.

          During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Strategy and Development Committee held one
          meeting to evaluate the development of the Company in 2019 and consider the future development
          strategies and plans, including, without limitation, the discussion about major investments,
          financing, reorganization, and plans for expansion to new markets, launch of new business and
          development of new products. All members of the Strategy and Development Committee attended
          the meeting in person.

          Nomination Committee

          Code provision A.5.1 of the CG Code states that issuers should establish a nomination committee.
          The Company did not establish a nomination committee as the Board considers that, having
          considered the size of the Group, the determination of appointment and removal of Directors is a
          collective decision of the Board. The Board is empowered under the Articles to appoint any person
          as a Director either to fill a casual vacancy on or as an addition to the Board. The Board will select
          and recommend candidates for directorship and senior management having regard to the balance
          of skills, experience and qualifications appropriate to the Group’s business.

          Director Nomination Policy

          The Company has established a director nomination policy which aims to render clear basis and
          procedures for the nomination and appointment of Directors. The Board will take into account
          factors such as character and integrity, qualifications, skills, experience, independence and
          diversity of the candidates, and whether or not the candidate is willing and able to devote adequate
          time to discharge duties as a member of the Board and Board committee upon receipt of the
          proposal of appointment of new Directors or the nomination proposal made by shareholders at
          general meetings of the Company. When Directors are re-elected at general meetings, apart from
          the above standards, the Board will also review the overall contributions and services of retiring
          Directors to the Company and their level of participation and performance in the Board.




20   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report


A.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

     Board Diversity Policy

     The Company has adopted a board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) which sets out
     the objective and approach to achieve and maintain diversity of the Board in order to enhance
     its effectiveness. Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Board seeks to achieve its diversity
     through the consideration of a number of factors when selecting candidates to the Board, including
     but not limited to professional experience, skills, knowledge, gender, age, cultural and education
     background, ethnicity and length of service.

     The Directors have a mix of knowledge and skills of, including, management, strategic development,
     business development, sales, R&D, industry research, investment management, finance, corporate
     finance, risk management, education, chemistry and the pharmaceutical industry. They obtained
     degrees in various areas including chemistry, organic chemistry, biomedical engineering, biomedical
     sciences, management, business administration, commerce, engineering, economics and corporate
     management. The age of Directors ranges from 33 years old to 77 years old.

     The Board is responsible for reviewing its diversity. The Board will continue to monitor the
     implementation of the Board Diversity Policy and review the Board Diversity Policy from time to time
     to ensure its continued effectiveness.

     Attendance of Board Meetings and Committee Meetings

     The Board held two regular meetings in 2019. Details of the attendance of Directors at the Board
     meetings, committee meetings and general meetings during the year under review are set out
     below:

     Number of meetings attended/held

                                                                              Strategy and
                                                       Audit   Remuneration   Development        General
     Directors                          Board      Committee     Committee      Committee        Meeting

     Number of meetings                     2             2              1              1              –

     Executive Directors
     Ms. Zhong Huijuan                      2              –             1              1              –
     Mr. Lyu Aifeng                         2              –             –              1              –
     Miss Sun Yuan                          2              –             –              –              –

     Non-executive Director
     Ms. Ma Cuifang                         2             2               –              –             –

     Independent Non-executive
       Directors
     Mr. Lin Guoqiang                       2             2              1              –              –
     Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai            2             2              –              1              –
     Ms. Yang Dongtao                       2             –              1              1              –

     Under the code provision A.1.1 of the CG Code, board meetings should be held at least 4 times a
     year at approximately quarterly intervals. Since the Company was listed in June 2019, the Directors
     consider that they have met regularly even though the number of board meetings was only two in
     2019.

                                                                                    2019 Annual Report      21
     Corporate Governance Report


     A.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

          Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors

          The Company has adopted the Company Code on terms no less exacting than the required standard
          set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained in
          Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules. The Company Code has been applicable to the Company with
          effect from the Listing Date. Specific enquiry has been made to all Directors and all of them have
          confirmed that they have complied with the Company Code for the period from the Listing Date to
          December 31, 2019.

          No incident of non-compliance of the Company Code by the employees was noted by the Company.

          Remuneration of Senior Management

          There were 5 employees classified as senior management for the year ended December 31, 2019.
          The remuneration of the senior management by band is set out below:

                                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                                employee(s)

          Below RMB500,000                                                                                 0
          RMB500,000 to RMB1,000,000                                                                       1
          RMB1,000,001 to RMB1,500,000                                                                     1
          Above RMB1,500,000                                                                               3

                                                                                                           5

     B.   ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

          Directors ’ Responsibility in respect of the Financial Statements

          The Board acknowledges its responsibility for preparing the accounts which seek to give a true
          and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and the Group, with necessary supporting
          assumptions or qualifications. The Directors also ensure the timely publication of the financial
          statements of the Company.

          The management provides explanation and information to the Board to enable it to make an
          informed assessment of the financial and other information to be approved.

          The Board endeavors to ensure a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of the Company’s
          position and prospects when the Company presents financial reports and other information to
          general public and regulators pursuant to the Listing Rules and other statutory requirements.

          The Board is not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast
          significant doubt over the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the Board
          continues to prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis.

          Risk Management and Internal Control

          The Company is dedicated to establishing and maintaining a robust internal control system.
          The Company has adopted and implemented risk management policies in various aspects of
          our business operations to address various potential risks in relation to our strategic plan, R&D,
          infrastructure, procurement, manufacturing, distribution and retail. Our risk management system
          also covers general finance management, human resources, information technology, projects,
          logistics, subsidiaries and policy matters.


22   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report


B.   ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

     Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

     The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the risk management and internal control systems and
     reviewing their effectiveness. The systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk
     of failing in achieving our business objectives, and can only provide a reasonable and not absolute
     assurance against material misstatement or loss.

     The Company has established a three-layer organizational framework (business departments,
     functional departments and internal control and audit department) to identify, analyze, categorize,
     control, and monitor various risks relating to our strategy, operation, market development, financial
     matters, legal matters, investment and financing, information security, anti-bribery and anti-money
     laundering.

     Please refer to “Business-Production and Quality Control-Risk Management” in the Company’s
     prospectus dated May 31, 2019 for details of risk management policies.

     The Directors have conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of the risk management and
     internal control system of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2019, covering all major
     functions including finance, operation and compliance. Based on the review results, the Directors
     are of the opinion that the system is effective and sufficient.

     The Company has also adopted an information disclosure policy which has set out comprehensive
     guidelines in respect of handling and dissemination of inside information. The Board has established
     an inside information team entrusted with the responsibility for monitoring and implementing the
     procedural requirements in the information disclosure policy. Release of inside information shall be
     led by the Board. Unless duly authorized, all staff members of the Company shall not disseminate
     inside information relating to the Group to any external parties and shall not respond to false media
     report or market speculation which may materially affect the trading price or volume of the shares.

     Auditors ’ Remuneration

     During the year under review, the remuneration paid to the external auditor of the Group, being
     Ernst & Young, is set out as follows:

                                                                                         Fee paid/payable
                                                                                              for the year
                                                                                               (RMB’ 000)

     Service category
       Audit services                                                                               4,886
       Non-audit services                                                                              86

     Total                                                                                          4,972




                                                                                     2019 Annual Report      23
     Corporate Governance Report


     C.   COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS

          The Company has adopted the shareholder communication policy with an aim to ensure that the
          shareholders of the Company and as and when appropriate, the general investors to have timely
          access to the same and readily comprehensible comprehensive information about the Company.

          The Company conveys the information to the shareholders and investors mainly through the
          following channels:

          •    the website of the Stock Exchange on which the information disclosed to the market and
               submitted to the Stock Exchange is published;

          •    the website of the Company (www.hspharm.com);

          •    the interim reports and annual reports; and

          •    the annual general meeting and other general meetings.

          To facilitate the exchange of views between the shareholders and the Board, the Board members
          (or their delegates (if applicable)), appropriate executive management personnels and the external
          auditor will attend the annual general meeting and answer the questions raised by the shareholders.

          Rights of Shareholders

          Pursuant to Article 12.3 of the Articles, any two or more members holding not less than one-tenth
          of the paid-up capital of the Company and carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the
          Company, or any one member which is a recognized clearing house (or its nominee(s)) shall be
          entitled to require the convening of a general meeting with a written requisition deposited at the
          principal office of the Company in Hong Kong and specifying the objects of the meeting and signed
          by the requisitionist. If the Board does not within 21 days from the date of deposit of the requisition
          proceed duly to convene the meeting to be held within a further 21 days, the requisitionist(s)
          themselves or any of them representing more than one-half of the total voting rights of all of them,
          may convene the general meeting in the same manner, as nearly as possible, as that in which
          meetings may be convened by the Board provided that any meeting so convened shall not be held
          after the expiration of three months from the date of deposit of the requisition.

          Shareholders may also contact the Investor Relations Department of the Company from time to
          time to understand the information published by the Company. The Company will inform the
          shareholders of the designated e-mail address and enquiry hotline of the Company so that they can
          make any inquiries of the Company.

          Enquiry to the Board

          Enquiry may be made to the Board at the principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong
          at Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong.

          The Company publishes on its website (www.hspharm.com) the latest company news relating to the
          Group on a regular basis. The public is welcome to provide opinions and make inquiries through the
          Company’s website.

          Amendments to the Constitutional Documents

          In preparation for Listing, the Company has passed the resolution of shareholders to conditionally
          adopt the amended and restated Memorandum and Articles of Association on May 27, 2019. No
          changes have been made to the Articles by the Company from the Listing Date up to December 31,
          2019. The latest version of Articles are also available on the websites of the Company and the Stock
          Exchange.



24   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Directors’ Report


The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company Limited
(the “Company”) is pleased to submit this report and audited consolidated financial statements of the
Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended December 31, 2019.

PRINCIPAL BUSINESS

The Company is an investment holding company. The Group is principally engaged in the R&D,
production and sales of a series of pharmaceutical products in China. The shares of the Company were
listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on June
14, 2019 (the “Listing Date”).

Operating segment information of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2019 is presented
in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, and a list of principal subsidiaries of the Company,
together with the details of their places of incorporation, principal businesses and shares in issue/
registered capital, is set out in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. There are no changes in
the principal business of the Group during the year.

RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
The operating results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2019 and the financial positions
of the Company and the Group as at the same date are set out on pages 46 to 49 of the consolidated
financial statements.

Save for the special dividends declared by the Company on May 27, 2019, the Board did not recommend
payment of any other dividends for the year ended December 31, 2019.

DIVIDEND POLICY

The Company has adopted a dividend policy pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the Corporate
Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the Listing of
Securities on the Stock Exchange (“Listing Rules”). The Board may declare and pay dividends by way
of cash or by other means that the Board considers appropriate. While deciding on the declaration or
payment of any dividends and the amount of any dividends, the Board will take into account, among
other things, the Company’s results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, operating and
capital expenditure requirements, distributable profits, contractual and legal restrictions and other factors
that the Directors may consider relevant.

BUSINESS REVIEW

Details of the business review and performance of the Group during the year (including the description
of the main risks and uncertainties facing the Group, material events affecting the Company that have
occurred since the end of 2019, the key financial performance indicators and prospects) are set out in
the “Chairlady’s Statement” and “Management Discussion and Analysis” sections on pages 7 to 14 of this
Annual Report, which form part of this report.

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

The annual general meeting of the Company (“AGM”) will be held on Friday, June 5, 2020. The notice of
AGM will be sent to shareholders at least 20 clear business days before AGM.

CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

To determine the right to attend and vote at the AGM, the Company will close the register of members
between Tuesday, June 2, 2020 and Friday, June 5, 2020 (inclusive). To ensure the effect of right to
attend and vote at the AGM, all shareholders shall return all the documents together with the related
stocks to the Company’s branch share registrar and transfer office, Tricor Investor Services Limited at
Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong before 4:30 pm on Monday,
June 1, 2020.

                                                                                       2019 Annual Report       25
     Directors’ Report


     SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION

     According to the audited consolidated financial statements and after reclassification as appropriate, the
     published results, assets, liabilities and net assets of the Group for the past four fiscal years is presented
     on page 6 of this Annual Report. This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial
     statements.

     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

     Details of changes in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in Note
     12 to the consolidated financial statements.

     SHARE CAPITAL

     The Company had 5,788,611,200 ordinary shares in issue as at December 31, 2019. The changes in
     the share capital and share option (if any) of the Company during the year, together with the reasons
     therefor, are set out in Note 26 to the consolidated financial statements.

     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE LISTING

     The net proceeds from the initial public offering of the shares of the Company in June 2019 and
     allotment and issuance of shares pursuant to the full exercise of the over-allotment option in July 2019
     amounted to approximately HKD8.798 billion. The proposed use of the net proceeds was disclosed in
     the Company’s prospectus dated May 31, 2019. As at December 31, 2019, the net proceeds utilized was
     approximately HKD1.813 billion and the remaining net proceeds was approximately HKD6.985 billion.
     The Company intends to continue to utilize the remaining net proceeds in the future for the purposes as
     set out in the prospectus. As at December 31, 2019, the use, net amount and expected time frame of the
     proceeds utilized by the Group were as follows:




26   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Directors’ Report


                                                                                   Utilized from
                                                                                     the Listing     Unutilized
                                                         Percentage           Net         Date to         as at
                                                         of the total   proceeds      December       December      Expected
Purpose                                                      amount     received       31, 2019       31, 2019     time frame
                                                                        (HKD100         (HKD100       (HKD100
                                                                          million)        million)      million)

R&D programs, expanding our R&D team and investment             45%        39.59            5.10         34.49     The balance is expected to be
  in technologies                                                                                                    fully utilized by 2025
Manufacturing system to construct new production lines          25%        21.99            3.79         18.20     The balance is expected to be
  and further automate existing production facilities                                                                fully utilized by 2023
Enhancement of sales and academic promotion                     20%        17.60            6.12         11.48     The balance is expected to be
                                                                                                                     fully utilized by 2023
Working capital and other general purposes                      10%         8.80            3.12          5.68     The balance is expected to be
                                                                                                                     fully utilized by 2023

Total                                                         100%         87.98          18.13          69.85

For more details, please refer to the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds – Use of
Proceeds” of the prospectus.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHT

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association of the Company (the
“Articles”) or the laws of Cayman Islands (the jurisdiction in which the Company was incorporated) which
would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to existing shareholders.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION

Since the Listing Date and up to December 31, 2019, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had
purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities.

TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

The Company has no knowledge of any tax relief and exemption provided to the shareholders due to their
holding of the Company’s securities.

RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year are set out in Notes
27 and 37 to the consolidated financial statements and the consolidated statement of changes in equity,
respectively.

RESERVES AVAILABLE FOR DISTRIBUTION

For details of the reserves available for distribution of the Company as at December 31, 2019, please
refer to the consolidated statement of changes in equity.




                                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report              27
     Directors’ Report


     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

     During the year under review, the sales to the Group’s five largest customers and the purchases from
     the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for less than 30% of the total sales and 30% of the total
     purchases of the year, respectively.

     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

     The business of the Group is subject to national, provincial and local environmental laws and regulations
     in China. The main pollutants generated during our production process include waste water, waste gas
     and solid waste. We have established a pollution control system in order to comply with the applicable
     laws and regulations to adopt compliant and harmless disposal methods for different types of hazardous
     wastes, and to recycle the recyclable waste solvent and entrust units with hazardous waste disposal
     qualifications to burn or recycle other non-recyclable solvent. The environmental sanitation department
     of the plant is entrusted with the uniform disposal of non-hazardous wastes. We seek to reduce, treat and
     recycle the waste generated in our production process and improve our production technique to reduce
     the pollutants we discharge to the environment. For details of the relevant environmental policies and
     performance, please refer to the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” in this Annual Report.

     DONATIONS

     During the year under review, the Group made charitable and other donations in an aggregate amount of
     approximately RMB38.661 million.

     RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS

     The Group recognizes that the interests of stakeholders are vital to the sustainable development of its
     business operation and is committed to maintaining effective communication with the major stakeholders,
     including customers, suppliers and employees to enhance the relationship and cooperation for the long-
     term development of the Group.

     The Group’s customers are pharmaceutical product distributors. According to the industry practice,
     we will not engage our distributors to provide marketing and promotional services for our products.
     Our in-house sales and marketing team enhances professionals’ knowledge and understanding of the
     usage, clinical effects and advantages of our drug products through its promotion efforts. We enter into
     annual distribution agreements with our distributors. We believe this distribution model helps extend
     our coverage in a cost-effective manner while allowing us to retain proper control over our distribution
     network and marketing and promotion process.

     Employees are considered as the most important and valuable assets of the Group. The remuneration
     package for employees generally includes salary and bonuses. The Group conducts periodic performance
     reviews for employees, and their remuneration is performance-based. Employees also receive welfare
     benefits including medical care, housing subsidies, pension, occupational injury insurance and other
     miscellaneous benefits. The Group also provides regular training to employees designed to improve
     staff dedication and increase staff knowledge in a number of important areas of our services, which has
     enhanced the productivity of employees.




28   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Directors’ Report


COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS

As the Group mainly operates in China through its subsidiaries, it is subject to the Chinese laws and
regulations relating to the R&D, production and distribution of pharmaceutical products, including
but not limited to those on the quality, safety, environmental protection, intellectual property, labor
and personnel. Meanwhile, as a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and listed on the Stock
Exchange, the Company is governed by the Company Law of the Cayman Islands, the Listing Rules and
the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”).

To the knowledge of the Board, the Group did not violate any relevant laws and regulations which would cause
a material impact on the business and operation of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2019.

DIRECTORS

The Directors during the year and as at the date of this report were as follows:

Executive Directors:

Ms. Zhong Huijuan (also the Chairlady)
Mr. Lyu Aifeng
Miss Sun Yuan

Non-executive Director:

Ms. Ma Cuifang

Independent non-executive Directors:

Mr. Lin Guoqiang
Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai
Ms. Yang Dongtao

The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive
Directors in respect of his/her independence in accordance with the independence guidelines set out
in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, and the Company is of the view that such independent non-executive
Directors are independent.

BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages 35 to
40 of this Annual Report.

CHANGE IN DIRECTORS ’ INFORMATION

Save for the appointment of Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai as an independent non-executive director
of Maoyan Entertainment (a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange with stock code:
1896) on January 10, 2019, the resignation of Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai as an independent non-
executive director of CITIC Securities Company Limited (a company listed on the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange with stock code: 6030) on May 27, 2019, the resignation of Miss Sun Yuan as a
director of Jiangsu Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu Hansoh”) on October 24, 2019, the
appointment of Ms. Yang Dongtao as an independent non-executive director of Novoray Corporation (江
蘇聯瑞新材料股份有限公司) (a company listed on the STAR Market of the Shanghai Stock Exchange on
November 15, 2019 with stock code: 688300) on August 9, 2017, and the appointment of Mr. Lyu Aifeng
as an executive director of Hansoh (Shanghai) Health Technology Co., Ltd. on September 19, 2019, there
are no other changes in the Directors’ biographical details which are required to be disclosed pursuant to
Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.

                                                                                      2019 Annual Report       29
     Directors’ Report


     SERVICE CONTRACTS OF DIRECTORS

     None of the Directors has entered into any unexpired service contract which is not determinable by the
     Company or any of its subsidiaries within one year without payment of compensation other than statutory
     compensation.

     DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS IN MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS AS WELL
     AS COMPETING BUSINESS

     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Related Party Transactions” and Note 30 to the “Related Party
     Transactions” of the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report, no contracts of significance
     (as defined in Appendix 16 of the Listing Rules) related to the business of the Company to which
     the Company, its holding companies or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or
     controlling shareholder of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted
     at the end of 2019 or at any time during 2019.

     Save as disclosed in the “Relationship with our Controlling Shareholders – The Associate’s Investee
     Group” section of the prospectus of the Company dated May 31, 2019, none of our Directors or their
     respective associates (as defined under the Listing Rules) has any interest in a business which competes
     or is likely to compete with our Group’s business under Rules 8.10(2)(b) and 8.10(2)(c) of the Listing
     Rules.

     DEED OF NON-COMPETITION

     The controlling shareholders of the Company (i.e., Ms. Zhong Huijuan, Stellar Infinity Company Ltd. and
     Sunrise Investment Advisors Limited) have respectively acknowledged to the Company that they have
     honored the non-competition undertaking made to the Company under the deed of non-competition
     entered into on May 27, 2019 (“Deed of Non-competition”). The independent non-executive Directors have
     reviewed such compliance and confirmed that the above-mentioned parties had kept and duly performed
     all the undertakings under the Deed of Non-competition since the Listing Date and up to December 31,
     2019.

     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     Details of related party transactions are set out in Note 30 to the consolidated financial statements.
     Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, none of such related party transactions constitutes a
     connected transaction or continuing connected transaction (as the case may be).

     DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING
     SHARES AND DEBENTURES

     As at December 31, 2019, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the
     Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations
     (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were (i) required to be notified to the Company and
     the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short
     positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or (ii) required to
     be entered into the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or
     (iii) otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities
     Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules
     were as follows:




30   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Directors’ Report


DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING
SHARES AND DEBENTURES (Continued)

1.   Interest in shares or underlying shares of the Company

                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                            Number of shares           percentage of
                                                                               or underlying            shareholding
     Name of Director          Capacity/Nature of interest                            shares                interest (1)

     Ms. Zhong Huijuan (2)     Person with influence over a trust             3,900,000,000                   67.37%
     Miss Sun Yuan (2)         Beneficiary of a trust                         3,900,000,000                   67.37%

     Notes:

     (1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 5,788,611,200 issued shares of the Company as at
           December 31, 2019.

     (2)   These ordinary shares in the Company are beneficially owned by Stellar Infinity Company Ltd. (“Stellar
           Infinity”) which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sunrise Investment Advisors Limited (“Sunrise
           Investment”), which in turn is wholly owned by Harmonia Holding Investing (PTC) Limited (the “Sunrise
           Trust Trustee”) as trustee for the Sunrise Trust (the “Sunrise Trust”), a discretionary trust set up by Miss
           Sun Yuan (“Miss Sun”). Ms. Zhong Huijuan (“Ms. Zhong”) is the person who has consent right on key
           matters in respect of the Sunrise Trust under the trust deed in respect of the Sunrise Trust. Accordingly,
           Ms. Zhong and Miss Sun are deemed or taken to be interested in all the shares of the Company which are
           beneficially owned by Stellar Infinity for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

2.   Interest in shares or underlying shares of associated corporation of the Company

                                                                                        Number of
                                                                                         shares or      Percentage of
                                                                                        underlying       shareholding
                                                                                      shares in the     interest in the
                           Name of associated         Capacity/                         associated          associated
     Name of Director      corporation                Nature of interest               corporation         corporation

     Ms. Zhong Huijuan     Sunrise Investment (1)     Person with influence over               100               100%
                                                        a trust
     Miss Sun Yuan         Sunrise Investment (1)     Beneficiary of a trust                   100               100%

     Notes:

     (1)   Sunrise Investment is wholly owned by the Sunrise Trust Trustee, which is the trustee for the Sunrise
           Trust, a discretionary trust set up by Miss Sun. Ms. Zhong is the person who has consent right on key
           matters in respect of the Sunrise Trust under the trust deed in respect of the Sunrise Trust. Accordingly,
           Ms. Zhong and Miss Sun are deemed or taken to be interested in all the shares which are beneficially
           owned by the Sunrise Trust Trustee for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

     Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2019, so far as is known to the Directors, none of
     the Directors and the chief executives of the Company had or were deemed to have any interest
     or short position in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated
     corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be notified to the
     Company under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be
     kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to the Company and
     the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.



                                                                                               2019 Annual Report          31
     Directors’ Report


     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING
     SHARES

     As at December 31, 2019, the interests or short positions of persons (other than the Directors and chief
     executives of the Company) in the shares or underlying shares of the Company (within the meaning of
     Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV
     of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the
     SFO were as follows:

                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                 Number of shares           percentage of
                                        Capacity/                                   or underlying            shareholding
     Name of shareholder                Nature of interest                                 shares               interest (1)

     Stellar Infinity (2)               Beneficial owner                            3,900,000,000                  67.37%
     Sunrise Investment (2)             Interest in controlled corporation          3,900,000,000                  67.37%
     Sunrise Trust Trustee (2)          Interest in controlled corporation          3,900,000,000                  67.37%
     Apex Medical (3)                   Beneficial owner                              950,000,000                  16.41%
     Mr. Cen Junda (3)                  Interest in controlled corporation            950,000,000                  16.41%

     Notes:

     (1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 5,788,611,200 issued shares of the Company as at December
           31, 2019.

     (2)   Stellar Infinity is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sunrise Investment, which in turn is wholly owned by the Sunrise
           Trust Trustee.

     (3)   Apex Medical Company Ltd. (“Apex Medical”) is wholly-owned by Mr. Cen Junda.

     Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2019, so far as is known to the Directors, no person (not
     being a Director or chief executive of the Company) had or was deemed to have any interest or short
     position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which was required to be notified to the
     Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by
     the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.

     DIRECTORS ’ RIGHT TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

     At no time during the year, were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or
     debentures of the Company granted to any Directors or their respective spouses or minor children,
     or were any such rights exercised by them; nor was the Company, any of its subsidiaries or fellow
     subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire such rights in any other
     corporations.




32   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Directors’ Report


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

In addition to the indemnities provisions as set out in the Articles, Directors’ liability insurance is currently
in place, and was in place during the year, to protect the Directors of the Company against potential costs
and liabilities arising from claims against them.

SUFFICIENT PUBLIC FLOAT

In accordance with Rule 8.08(1)(d) of the Listing Rules, the Stock Exchange has granted the Company a
waiver and accepted a lower public float of 16.21% of the Company’s issued share capital.

From the Listing Date to the date of this Annual Report, according to the public information obtainable by
the Company and to the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has maintained the minimum public
float to the extent permitted by the Stock Exchange.

RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT SCHEME

We have conditionally approved and adopted a scheme for the grant of restricted share units (“RSU
Scheme”) on May 27, 2019 to recognize contributions by selected participants and give incentives to
them in order to retain them for the continual operation and development of the Group and to attract
suitable personnel for further development of the Group. For details of the RSU Scheme, please refer to
Appendix IV “Statutory and General Information – D. Post-IPO RSU Scheme” of the prospectus of the
Company dated May 31, 2019. As at December 31, 2019, no restricted share unit had been granted by
the Company pursuant to the RSU Scheme.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Details of the principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the section
of “Corporate Governance Report” of this Annual Report.




                                                                                          2019 Annual Report        33
     Directors’ Report


     AUDITOR

     The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2019 have been audited by
     Ernst & Young, which will retire at the conclusion of the forthcoming annual general meeting and, being
     eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment. A resolution on the re-appointment of Ernst & Young as the
     auditor of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.



     For and on behalf of the Board
     Ms. Zhong Huijuan (Chairlady and Chief Executive Officer)

     March 30, 2020




34   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
Management

DIRECTORS

Executive Directors

Ms. ZHONG Huijuan (鍾慧娟), aged 59, is the founder of our Group and currently the chairlady, chief
executive officer and an executive Director of our Group. Ms. Zhong was appointed as a Director on
December 2, 2015. Ms. Zhong was appointed as a director of Jiangsu Hansoh in September 1998. Ms.
Zhong is primarily responsible for our Group’s strategic development and planning, overall operations,
sales and decision making, board governance and supervision of key management issues. Ms. Zhong is
the mother of Miss Sun.

Ms. Zhong has approximately 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry in China, with
substantial experience in pharmaceutical enterprise operation and management, as well as extensive
industry knowledge on the development and expansion of our oncology and psychotropic drug portfolio
in their respective therapeutic areas. From September 1994 until the establishment of our Group, Ms.
Zhong served at Lianyungang Drug Administration. Ms. Zhong has been responsible for our Group’s
overall development since its establishment. Under Ms. Zhong’s leadership, our Group has developed into
one of the few R&D-driven Chinese pharmaceutical companies with an established leadership position in
some of the largest and fastest-growing therapeutic areas in China with significant unmet clinical needs.
Our Group was recognized as a “Leading Enterprise in the Internationalization of Pharmaceuticals (製
劑國際化先導型企業)” by the China Chamber Of Commerce For Import & Export Of Medicines & Health
Products (中國醫保商會) and China Pharmaceutical Enterprises Association (中國醫藥企業管理協會) in
2014. Since 2016, our Group has been recognized as a National Enterprise Technology Center (國家級企
業技術中心) and National Intellectual Property Exemplary Enterprise (國家知識產權示範企業). Our Group
has also been continuously recognized as the Top 100 Most Powerful Chinese Pharmaceutical Industrial
Enterprises (中國醫藥工業百強企業) by the China Pharmaceutical Industry Information Center (中國醫藥
工業信息中心).

Ms. Zhong is the vice president of the council of Jiangsu Pharmaceutical Association (江蘇省藥學會) and
a standing supervisor of the China Quality Association for Pharmaceuticals (中國醫藥質量管理協會). Ms.
Zhong was also elected as a representative of the 12th and 13th Jiangsu Provincial People’s Congress (江
蘇省人民代表大會).

Over the years, Ms. Zhong received numerous awards and recognitions for her contributions to both
the pharmaceutical industry and pharmaceutical industrial and commercial enterprises. She received
State Council Special Allowance in February 2013. In December 2013, she also received the “All China
Federation of Industry Commerce Scientific and Technological Progress Award (first prize)” (中華全
國工商業聯合會科技進步獎一等獎). In December 2014, Ms. Zhong received the “State Science and
Technology Award (second prize)” (國家科技進步獎二等獎) from the State Council.

In July 1982, Ms. Zhong obtained her undergraduate degree in chemistry from Jiangsu Normal University
(江蘇師範大學) (formerly known as Xuzhou Normal University (徐州師範學院)) in Xuzhou. She then
obtained her Executive Master of Business Administration (“EMBA”) from Nanjing University (南京大學) in
December 2005.

Mr. LYU Aifeng (呂愛鋒), aged 43, is an executive Director of our Company. Mr. Lyu was appointed as
a Director on March 11, 2016. Mr. Lyu was appointed as director and president of Jiangsu Hansoh in
December 2015. Mr. Lyu is primarily responsible for overall management of the business operations and
the scientific development of our Group, and the operations and management of certain subsidiaries of
our Group.




                                                                                    2019 Annual Report      35
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
     Management

     DIRECTORS (Continued)

     Executive Directors (Continued)

     Mr. Lyu has more than 20 years of technical and management experience in R&D and product quality
     control systems in the pharmaceutical industry. Mr. Lyu joined our Group in July 1998 and has served
     in various positions, including director of product development in August 2001, and director of research
     institution in March 2009. Mr. Lyu was also appointed as president of Jiangsu Hansoh, the general
     manager of Shanghai Hansen Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Hansen”) and the executive director of
     Hansoh (Shanghai) Health Technology Co., Ltd. in December 2015, April 2016 and September 2019,
     respectively.

     Mr. Lyu has obtained numerous awards and recognitions. Mr. Lyu obtained the “State Science and
     Technology Progress Award (second prize)” (國家科技進步獎二等獎) in 2013 and 2014. Mr. Lyu was
     recognized as a “Young Expert with Outstanding Contributions” (有突出貢獻的中青年專家 ) by the
     People’s Government of Jiangsu Province (江蘇省人民政府) in March 2015. He was also chosen for the
     “100 Million Talents Programme” (國家百千萬人才工程) by the PRC Ministry of Human Resources and
     Social Security (中華人民共和國人力資源和社會保障部) in October 2017. He was further selected for the
     “Ten Thousand Talents Programme” (國家萬人計劃) by the PRC Ministry of Science and Technology (中
     華人民共和國科學技術部) in May 2018.

     Mr. Lyu obtained both his bachelor of science degree in chemistry and his master of science degree in
     organic chemistry from Nanjing University (南京大學), in July 1998 and June 2005, respectively. Mr. Lyu
     also obtained his doctorate degree in biomedical engineering from Southeast University (東南大學) in
     Nanjing in June 2015.

     Miss SUN Yuan (孫遠), aged 33, is an executive Director of our Company. Miss Sun was appointed as a
     Director on December 2, 2015. Miss Sun has served as a director of Jiangsu Hansoh from October 2011
     to October 2019. Miss Sun is primarily responsible for providing guidance on research and development
     strategies, business development, investment strategies and the scientific development of our Group,
     which includes monitoring and introducing latest industry development and pharmaceutical technologies
     to the Group and exploring overseas business opportunities. Miss Sun is the daughter of Ms. Zhong.

     Miss Sun has approximately eight years of experience in healthcare investment management and industry
     research. Prior to joining our Group in October 2011, Miss Sun had worked as an analyst at Hony Capital
     since June 2009.

     Miss Sun received her bachelor’s degree in biomedical sciences from Cambridge University in June 2007.

     Non-Executive Directors

     Ms. MA Cuifang (馬翠芳), aged 44, is a non-executive Director of our Company. Ms. Ma was appointed as
     a Director on March 11, 2016.

     Ms. Ma has more than ten years of experience in finance and investment management. Ms. Ma joined
     Hillhouse Capital Management, Ltd. in June 2005, and is currently serving as its partner.

     Ms. Ma obtained her bachelor of science degree from Beijing Normal University (北京師範大學) in July
     1998, and her master of management degree from the Chinese Academy of Sciences (中國科學院) in
     June 2001. Ms. Ma received her Master of Business Administration from the University of Chicago Booth
     School of Business in March 2012.

     Ms. Ma is a Chinese certified public accountant.


36   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
Management

DIRECTORS (Continued)

Independent Non-Executive Directors

Mr. LIN Guoqiang (林國強), aged 77, is an independent non-executive Director of our Company. Mr. Lin
has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director of our Company with effect from May 31,
2019. Mr. Lin is primarily responsible for providing independent opinion and judgment to our Board.

Mr. Lin has more than 50 years of research experience in chemistry. Mr. Lin joined the Shanghai Institute
of Organic Chemistry of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (中國科學院上海有機化學研究所) in 1968.
He was promoted to researcher of such institute in 1990, served as deputy director from 1988 to 1993
and director of such institute from 1993 to 1999. Mr. Lin was a visiting scholar at the Royal Institute
of Technology in Sweden in 1980, and also a visiting scientist at both the University of Pittsburgh and
R&D Department of SmithKline in the U.S. (美國史克藥業研究開發部) in 1986. Since 1992, Mr. Lin has
been the director and executive editor of the publication “Tetrahedron/Tetrahedron Letters” in China and
served as deputy chief editor of “China Science: Chemistry” (《中國科學：化學》          ) from 2008 to 2017. Mr.
Lin was also elected as academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (中國科學院院士) in 2001.

Mr. Lin has received numerous awards, including State Natural Science Awards and Science Progress
Awards. Examples are set out in the table below:

                                                                                     Timing of Granting
Honor/Award                                           Awarding Body                  the Award

Second Prize of State Natural Science Award           State Council                  December 2016
  of 2016

Second Prize of State Scientific and Technological    State Council                  December 2013
  Progress Award of 2013

Third Prize of State Scientific and Technology        State Scientific and           December 1995
  Progress Award of 1995                                Technological Commission

Second Prize of State Scientific and Technology       State Science & Technology     July 1987
  Progress Award of 1987                                Award Judging Panel

Third Prize of State Invention Award of 1987          State Scientific and           January 1987
                                                        Technological Commission

Mr. Lin obtained his bachelor’s degree in organic chemistry from Shanghai University of Science and
Technology (上海科學技術大學) in July 1964, and obtained his master’s degree in organic chemistry from
Shanghai Institute of Organic Chemistry of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (中國科學院上海有機化學研
究所) in July 1968.




                                                                                    2019 Annual Report      37
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
     Management

     DIRECTORS (Continued)

     Independent Non-Executive Directors (Continued)

     Mr. CHAN Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉), aged 66, is an independent non-executive Director of our
     Company. Mr. Chan has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director of our Company
     with effect from May 31, 2019. Mr. Chan is primarily responsible for providing independent opinion and
     judgment to our Board.

     Mr. Chan has more than 40 years of experience in corporate finance, financial regulations and risk
     management. Mr. Chan started his career as an auditor at the Canadian office of Arthur Andersen in
     1977 and was promoted to partnership in 1988. He subsequently joined the China & Hong Kong office of
     Arthur Andersen as an audit partner in 1994. From July 2002 to June 2012, Mr. Chan was a partner of
     the China & Hong Kong office of PricewaterhouseCoopers. Mr. Chan served as a member of the Listing
     Committee of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange from 1998 to 2001 and also as a member of the Election
     Committee for the first Legislative Council of Hong Kong in 1998. From 1996 to 1999, Mr. Chan was a
     council member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He also served as a member
     of the Accounting Standards Committee, Auditing Standards Committee and the chairman of the China
     Technical Committee of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

     Mr. Chan has been an independent non-executive director of SRE Group Limited (Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange Stock Code: 1207) and Maoyan Entertainment (Hong Kong Stock Exchange Stock Code: 1896)
     since July 2012 and January 2019, respectively, and an independent director of Changyou.com Ltd
     (NASDAQ Stock Code: CYOU) since September 2013.

     In May 1977, Mr. Chan obtained a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Manitoba, in
     Canada. He is a member of both the Chartered Accountants of Canada and the Hong Kong Institute of
     Certified Public Accountants.

     Ms. YANG Dongtao (楊東濤), aged 62, is an independent non-executive Director of our Company. Ms.
     Yang has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director of our Company with effect from
     May 31, 2019. Ms. Yang is primarily responsible for providing independent opinion and judgment to our
     Board.

     Ms. Yang has over 30 years of experience in the field of education. She was a lecturer of the Management
     Department of Nanjing University School of Business (南京大學商學院管理學系) from March 1985 to
     March 1992. She then served as associate professor from March 1992 to March 1999 and as professor
     from March 1999 to February 2007 of the Management Department of Nanjing University School
     of Business ( 南京大學商學院管理學系 ). Ms. Yang has been a professor of the Human Resources
     Management Department of Nanjing University School of Business (南京大學商學院人力資源管理系)
     since February 2007. Since May 2016, she has also been the vice president of the Jiangsu Province
     Human Resources Society (江蘇省人力資源學會).

     Ms. Yang is currently an independent non-executive director of Perfect Group Corp., Ltd. (倍加潔集團股
     份有限公司) (Shanghai Stock Exchange stock code: 603059) and Novoray Corporation (江蘇聯瑞新材料
     股份有限公司) (Shanghai Stock Exchange stock code: 688300).

     Ms. Yang received her bachelor of engineering from Southeast University (東南大學) (formerly known as
     Nanjing Institute of Technology (南京工學院)) in Nanjing in July 1982. She obtained both her master’s
     degree in economics and her doctorate degree in corporate management from Nanjing University (南京大
     學) in February 1992 and December 1998, respectively.




38   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
Management

SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The members of our senior management team and details of each of their experience are as follows:

Mr. WU Gongzheng (吳公正), aged 49, is a senior vice president of our Group and has been appointed
to this position since March 2012. Mr. Wu is primarily responsible for Jiangsu Hansoh’s overall financial
management.

Mr. Wu has more than 20 years of experience in financial management. Mr. Wu joined our Group in
September 1997 as a financial supervisor and was promoted to finance director of Jiangsu Hansoh in
February 2003.

Mr. Wu obtained his bachelor’s degree in statistical economics from Nanjing University of Finance &
Economics (南京財經大學) (formerly known as Nanjing College of Economics (南京經濟學院)) in July
1993. Mr. Wu is currently completing his EMBA program at Nanjing University (南京大學).

Ms. ZHONG Chunhua (鍾春華), aged 45, is a senior vice president of our Group and has been appointed to
this position since January 2013. Ms. Zhong Chunhua is primarily responsible for overseeing production
and human resources management of our Group.

Ms. Zhong Chunhua has 19 years of managerial experience in pharmaceutical manufacturing quality
control and human resources and joined our Group in July 2000. She was appointed as a quality
assurance supervisor in February 2002, and was then promoted to quality assurance manager in August
2004. In March 2009, Ms. Zhong Chunhua was appointed as executive deputy general manager of
the production division of Jiangsu Hansoh and has been responsible for managing the pharmaceutical
production division.

Ms. Zhong Chunhua received her bachelor of pharmaceutical sciences degree from China Pharmaceutical
University (中國藥科大學) (formerly known as Nanjing Medical College (南京醫學院)) in Nanjing in July
2000.

Mr. XU Chuanhe (徐傳合), aged 56, is a senior vice president of our Group and has been appointed to this
position since March 2009. Mr. Xu is primarily responsible for matters related to sales management of
our Group.

Mr. Xu has more than 20 years of experience in pharmaceutical sales management. Mr. Xu joined our
Group in August 1997 and was appointed as deputy general manager of the sales division in October
1997.

Mr. Xu obtained his bachelor of science degree from China Pharmaceutical University (中國藥科大學)
(formerly known as Nanjing Medical College (南京藥學院)) in Nanjing in July 1985 and his EMBA from
Wuhan University (武漢大學) in December 2008.




                                                                                    2019 Annual Report      39
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
     Management

     SENIOR MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     Mr. BAO Rudi (包如迪), aged 56, is a senior vice president of our Group and has been appointed to this
     position since October 2016. Mr. Bao joined our Group in September 2012 as deputy general manager of
     Shanghai Hansen. Mr. Bao is mainly responsible for the management of R&D of innovative drugs and the
     scientific development of our Group.

     Mr. Bao has approximately 24 years of experience in the pharmaceutical manufacturing industry,
     including 17 years of experience in management of R&D of drugs. Prior to joining our Group, he was
     a senior researcher at Novartis Pharmaceuticals from October 2002 to December 2006, and a senior
     director at Curis Inc. from December 2006 to July 2012.

     Mr. Bao obtained his bachelor’s degree in medicine from Changwei Medical College (昌濰醫學院) (formerly
     known as Weifang Medical College (濰坊醫學院)) in July 1986 and his master’s degree in medicine from
     Harbin Medical University (哈爾濱醫科大學) in December 1989. He obtained his doctorate degree in
     medicine from Peking Union Medical College (北京協和醫學院) (formerly known as China Union Medical
     College (中國協和醫科大學)) in October 1992.

     Mr. Hu Min（胡旻）, aged 43, is a vice president of our Group. Mr. Hu joined our Group in September
     2019 and was appointed as chief financial officer.

     Mr. Hu has years of experience in finance, auditing, consulting and capital markets in the pharmaceutical
     and healthcare industries. Before joining our Group, Mr. Hu served as an audit partner for the
     pharmaceutical and healthcare industries at Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu China. Mr. Hu holds qualifications
     of certified public accountant of China and the United States.

     Mr. Hu obtained his bachelor of economics from Xiamen University in July 1999.

     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

     Ms. ZHONG Shengli (鍾勝利), aged 52, has served as a joint company secretary and a senior vice
     president of our Group since August 2018 and March 2012, respectively.

     Ms. Zhong Shengli joined our Group in July 2010 as investment director and was responsible for
     investment management.

     Before joining our Group, she had more than ten years of work experience in financial institutions. Ms.
     Zhong Shengli joined Ping An Bank in November 1998 and she was serving as a senior manager of Ping
     An Bank when she left in July 2010.

     Ms. Zhong Shengli obtained her bachelor of arts degree from Beijing Foreign Studies University (北京外
     國語大學) (formerly known as Beijing Foreign Studies College (北京外國語學院)) in July 1991.

     Ms. LI Yan Wing Rita (李昕穎) was appointed as a joint company secretary of our Company with effect
     from the Listing Date. Ms. Li is an executive director of Corporate Services of Tricor Services Limited
     and has over 20 years of experience in the corporate secretarial field, providing professional corporate
     secretarial services to listed companies as well as multi-national, private and offshore companies. She is
     currently the company secretary or joint company secretary of several companies listed on the Hong Kong
     Stock Exchange.

     Ms. Li is a chartered secretary, a chartered governance professional and a fellow of both of The Hong
     Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries (“HKICS”) and The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and
     Administrators (“ICSA”) in the United Kingdom. She is a holder of the Practitioner’s Endorsement from
     HKICS. Ms. Li received her bachelor of arts degree from City University of Hong Kong in November 1994.




40   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Independent Auditor’s Report




Independent auditor’s report
To the shareholders of Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company Limited
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company
Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 46 to 109, which comprise
the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2019, and the consolidated statement
of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of
changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended 31 December
2019, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting
policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2019, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”)
and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the
HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities
for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the
Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and
we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed
in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our
opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our
description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
consolidated financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly,
our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks
of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures,
including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion
on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                       2019 Annual Report       41
     Independent Auditor’s Report


     Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter
     Expected credit losses on trade receivables
     We identified expected credit losses on trade          Our procedures in relation to management’s
     receivables as a key audit matter due to the           assessment on ECLs of trade receivables
     significance of trade receivables to the Group’s       included:
     consolidated statement of financial position
     and the involvement of subjective judgement            Understanding and evaluating the key controls
     and management estimates in evaluating the             that the Group has implemented to manage
     expected credit losses (“ECL”) of the Group’s trade    and monitor its credit risk, and validating their
     receivables at the end of the reporting period.        effectiveness;

      As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s net               Assessing the appropriateness of the Group’s
      trade receivables amounted to approximately           policy of provision for ECLs, examining the key
      RMB1,550,677,000, which represented                   data inputs on a sample basis to assess their
      approximately 8% of total assets of the Group         accuracy and completeness, and challenging
      and out of these trade receivables, approximately     the assumptions, including both historical and
      RMB87,704,000 were past due.                          forward-looking information used to determine
                                                            ECLs;
      According to Hong Kong Financial Reporting
      Standard 9 “Financial Instruments” (“HKFRS 9”),       Testing, on a sample basis, the ageing profile of
      a forward-looking ECL approach was applied by         the trade receivables as at 31 December 2019 by
      the Group. The measurement of ECL involves            comparing individual items in the ageing profile
      significant judgement and assumptions used in         with the relevant sales agreement, sales invoices
      the ECL approach as the expected credit losses        and other supporting documents; and
      must reflect information about past events, current
      conditions and forecasts of future conditions, as     Inquiring of management for the status of each
      well as the time value of money.                      of the material trade receivable past due as at
                                                            year end and corroborating explanations from
      The Group’s disclosures about trade receivables       management with supporting evidence, such
      are included in Note 2.4 Summary of significant       as performing public search of credit profile
      accounting policies, Note 3 Significant accounting    of selected customers, understanding on-
      judgments and estimates, Note 16 Trade and bills      going business relationship with the customers
      receivables and Note 31 Financial instruments by      based on trade records, checking historical
      category to the consolidated financial statements,    and subsequent settlement records and other
      which specifically explain the accounting policies,   correspondence with the customers.
      management’s judgements and estimates, and the
      overdue receivables and the related provision.        We also read and assessed the relevant
                                                            disclosures made in the consolidated financial
                                                            statements, including disclosures of the basis for
                                                            this estimation.




42   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Independent Auditor’s Report


OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises
the information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon. The Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this
auditor’s report.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is
materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit
or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements
that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for
assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related
to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company
either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for
overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR ’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
report that includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose.
We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                     2019 Annual Report      43
     Independent Auditor’s Report


     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain
     professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

     •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
          whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
          obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
          of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
          error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
          override of internal control.

     •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
          that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
          effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

     •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
          estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

     •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
          and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
          or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
          If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
          report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
          inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to
          the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease
          to continue as a going concern.

     •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
          including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
          underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
          business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
          We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain
          solely responsible for our audit opinion.

     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
     timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control
     that we identify during our audit.

     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters
     that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.




44   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Independent Auditor’s Report


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine
that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so
would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Philip Leung.



Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong

30 March 2020




                                                                                      2019 Annual Report      45
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
     Year ended December 31, 2019




                                                   Notes       2019          2018
                                                            RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000

     REVENUE                                        5      8,682,746     7,722,278

     Cost of sales                                          (729,540)     (603,100)

     Gross profit                                          7,953,206     7,119,178

     Other income                                   5         221,219        77,953
     Selling and distribution expenses                     (3,266,380)   (3,208,680)
     Administrative expenses                                 (777,692)     (790,158)
     Research and development costs                        (1,120,681)     (881,288)
     Other expenses, net                            5          (8,747)       (7,680)

     PROFIT BEFORE TAX                              6      3,000,925     2,309,325

     Income tax expense                             9       (444,183)     (406,277)

     PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                   2,556,742     1,903,048

     Attributable to:
       Owners of the parent                                2,556,742     1,903,048

     EARNINGS PER SHARE
       ATTRIBUTABLE TO
       ORDINARY EQUITY
       HOLDERS OF THE PARENT

     Basic and diluted (RMB)                        11           0.47          0.38




46   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Year ended December 31, 2019




                                                               2019                2018
                                                            RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                         2,556,742          1,903,048

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Other comprehensive income that may be
  reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:

Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations    185,286              46,160

Net other comprehensive income that may be
  reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods       185,286              46,160

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
  INCOME FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                            185,286              46,160

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                     2,742,028          1,949,208

Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                      2,742,028          1,949,208




                                                                        2019 Annual Report   47
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     December 31, 2019




                                                              Notes          2019       2018
                                                                          RMB’ 000   RMB’ 000

     NON-CURRENT ASSETS
     Property, plant and equipment                             12        1,740,832   1,381,825
     Right-of-use assets                                      13(b)        187,100           –
     Prepaid land lease payments                              13(a)              –     138,847
     Intangible assets                                         14            4,568      10,475
     Prepayments for purchase of property,
       plant and equipment                                                194,706     199,039

     Total non-current assets                                            2,127,206   1,730,186

     CURRENT ASSETS
     Inventories                                                15         414,348     479,664
     Trade and bills receivables                                16       2,245,959   2,645,207
     Prepayments, other receivables and other assets         13(a)/17      193,772      66,252
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss      18       2,772,040   2,016,439
     Other financial assets                                     19       3,583,457     511,792
     Cash and bank balances                                     20       8,238,422     964,831

     Total current assets                                               17,447,998   6,684,185

     CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Trade and bills payables                                  21          192,850     158,810
     Other payables and accruals                               22        1,762,676   1,460,221
     Contract liabilities                                      23           40,469      36,311
     Lease liabilities                                        13(c)          3,653           –
     Tax payable                                                            40,684      48,443
     Dividends payable                                         24        4,200,000   2,800,000

     Total current liabilities                                           6,240,332   4,503,785

     NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                 11,207,666   2,180,400

     TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                              13,334,872   3,910,586

     NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Dividends payable                                         24               –    1,200,000
     Lease liabilities                                        13(c)         5,783            –
     Deferred tax liabilities                                  25         284,767      242,688

     Total non-current liabilities                                        290,550    1,442,688

     NET ASSETS                                                         13,044,322   2,467,898




48   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
December 31, 2019




                                              Notes        2019               2018
                                                        RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000

EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                  26             51                  1
Reserves                                       27     13,044,271          2,467,897

                                                      13,044,322          2,467,898

Non-controlling interests                                      –                  –

Total equity                                          13,044,322          2,467,898




                                                                   2019 Annual Report   49
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     Year ended December 31, 2019




                                                                               Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                                Merger
                                                                               reserve/      Exchange      Statutory                                     Non-
                                                       Share       Share          other    fluctuation      surplus        Retained                controlling      Total
                                                      capital   premium*      reserve*        reserve*    reserves*         profits*      Total      interests     equity
                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000

     At 1 January 2018                                     1    1,302,448     (57,100)        24,266        205,000       3,044,075    4,518,690            –    4,518,690
     Profit for the year                                   –            –           –              –              –       1,903,048    1,903,048            –    1,903,048
     Exchange differences on
       translation of foreign operations                    –           –             –       46,160                  –           –      46,160             –      46,160

     Total comprehensive income for the year                –           –             –       46,160                  – 1,903,048 1,949,208                 – 1,949,208
     Dividends declared                                     –           –             –            –                  – (4,000,000) (4,000,000)             – (4,000,000)

     At 31 December 2018                                   1    1,302,448     (57,100)        70,426        205,000        947,123     2,467,898            –    2,467,898

                                                                               Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                             Merger
                                                                            reserve/ Exchange     Statutory                                              Non-
                                                       Share       Share       other fluctuation   surplus                 Retained                controlling      Total
                                           Notes      capital premium*     reserve*     reserve* reserves*                  profits*      Total      interests     equity
                                                    RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                               RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                              Note 27(a) Note 27(b) Note 27(c) Note 27(d)

     At 1 January 2019                                     1    1,302,448     (57,100)        70,426        205,000         947,123    2,467,898            –    2,467,898
     Profit for the year                                   –            –           –              –              –       2,556,742    2,556,742            –    2,556,742
     Exchange differences on
       translation of foreign operations                    –           –             –      185,286                  –           –     185,286             –     185,286

     Total comprehensive income
       for the year                                         –           –             –      185,286                  –   2,556,742    2,742,028            –    2,742,028
     Issue of shares for the
       Initial Public Offering (“IPO”)     26(a)           –    1,682,278             –             –                 –           –    1,682,278            –    1,682,278
     Capitalisation Issue                  26(b)          44          (44)            –             –                 –           –            –            –            –
     Issue of shares in connection         26(c)/
       with the IPO                        26(d)           6    7,960,847             –             –             –          – 7,960,853                    – 7,960,853
     Share issue expenses                                  –     (108,735)            –             –             –          – (108,735)                    – (108,735)
     Dividends declared                        10          –            –             –             –             – (1,700,000) (1,700,000)                 – (1,700,000)
     Transfer from retained profits                        –            –             –             –       408,050 (408,050)            –                  –          –

     At 31 December 2019                                  51 10,836,794       (57,100)       255,712        613,050       1,395,815 13,044,322              – 13,044,322

     *        These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB13,044,271,000 (2018: RMB2,467,897,000)
              in the consolidated statement of financial position.




50   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Year ended December 31, 2019




                                                         Notes       2019                2018
                                                                  RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax:                                               3,000,925           2,309,325

Adjustments for:
Impairment of trade receivables, net                      5        (1,003)               2,567
Impairment of inventories, net                            5         7,989                    –
Depreciation of items of property, plant and equipment    6       183,675              148,624
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                       6         5,886                    –
Amortisation of prepaid land lease payments               6             –                2,831
Amortisation of intangible assets                         6        11,993                7,641
Loss on disposal of items of property, plant
  and equipment                                           5          1,291                 727
Fair value gains of financial assets at fair value
  through profit or loss                                  5        (23,113)            (31,764)
Investment income                                         5        (25,871)            (17,666)
Interest income from deposits with initial terms of
  over three months when acquired                         5      (123,261)                   –
Interest expense on lease liabilities                     5           123                    –
Dividend income from equity investments at fair value
  through profit or loss                                  5              –                  (8)

                                                                 3,038,634           2,422,277

Decrease/(increase) in trade and bills receivables                400,251             (455,256)
Increase in prepayments, other receivables and
  other assets                                                     (6,297)              (3,970)
Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                 57,327              (33,115)
Increase in trade and bills payables                               34,040               60,016
Increase in other payables and accruals                           342,973              393,668
Increase/(decrease) in contract liabilities                         4,158               (5,201)

Cash generated from operations                                   3,871,086           2,378,419
Income tax paid                                                   (541,397)           (306,192)

Net cash flows from operating activities                         3,329,689           2,072,227




                                                                              2019 Annual Report   51
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     Year ended December 31, 2019




                                                              Notes       2019          2018
                                                                       RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000

     CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES
     Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and
        equipment                                                        11,046         8,252
     Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment               (592,476)     (381,378)
     Purchases of intangible assets                                      (4,814)       (1,295)
     Payments for land leases                                                 –       (24,543)
     Increase in bank deposits with initial terms of
        over three months when acquired                               (2,856,546)            –
     (Increase)/decrease of financial products included in
        other financial assets                                        (3,040,872)     368,909
     Increase of financial products included in financial
        assets at fair value through profit or loss                    (761,000)    (1,407,000)
     Interest income received from deposits
        with initial terms of over three months
        when acquired                                                   107,527              –
     Investment income received from financial products
        included in other financial assets                               33,024        18,257
     Investment income received from financial products
        included in financial assets at fair value
        through profit or loss                                           28,512        29,375
     Proceeds from sale of listed equity investments                          –           671
     Dividends received from listed equity investments                        –             8
     Loans to a related party                                                 –      (367,000)
     Repayment of loans from a related party                                  –       367,000

     Net cash flows used in investing activities                      (7,075,599)   (1,388,744)

     CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     Proceeds from issue of shares prior to the IPO                   1,682,278              –
     Net proceeds from issue of shares in connection
       with the IPO                                                    7,852,118             –
     Dividends paid                                                   (1,500,000)            –
     Principal portion of lease payments                                 (41,668)            –

     Net cash flows from financing activities                  28     7,992,728              –

     NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                        4,246,818       683,483

     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                     964,831       266,444
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                       133,210        14,904

     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                         5,344,859       964,831

     ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND
       CASH EQUIVALENTS
     Cash and bank balances, unrestricted                      20     3,411,166       653,183
     Non-pledged time deposits with initial terms of
       less than three months when acquired                    20     1,933,693       311,648

     Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the
       consolidated statement of cash flows                           5,344,859       964,831


52   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

     The Company is an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability
     under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands. The registered office of the Company is located at
     the offices of Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-
     1104, Cayman Islands.

     The shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 14 June 2019.

     The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (together, the
     “Group”) were principally engaged in the research and development, production and sale of a series
     of pharmaceutical products in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

     As at the date of this report, the Company has direct and indirect interest in its subsidiaries,
     all of which are private limited liability companies (or if incorporated outside Hong Kong, have
     substantially similar characteristics to a private company incorporated in Hong Kong).

     Particulars of the principal subsidiaries now comprising the Group are set out below:

                                           Place of
                                           incorporation/   Issued ordinary/                     Percentage of equity
                                           registration           registered Date of         attributable to the Company Principal
     Company name                          and operation       share capital incorporation         Direct          Indirect activities

     Jiangsu Hansoh Pharmaceutical         PRC/                    RMB July 1995                       –            100% Pharmaceutical
        Group Co., Ltd.                    Mainland China 1,000,000,000
        (“Jiangsu Hansoh”)*

     Jiangsu Hengte                        PRC/                      RMB July 2006                     –            100% Pharmaceutical
        Pharmaceutical Trading Co., Ltd.   Mainland China      10,000,000
        (“Jiangsu Hengte”)*

     Shanghai Hansen Technology            PRC/                      RMB October 2011                  –            100% Pharmaceutical
       Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Hansen”)*      Mainland China     260,000,000

     Hansoh Pharma International Limited Hong Kong                 HKD100 December 2015                –            100% Investment
       (“Hansoh International”)                                                                                            holding and
                                                                                                                           trading

     Hansoh (Shanghai) Health              PRC/                      USD September 2019                –            100% Investment
       Technology Co., Ltd.                Mainland China      90,000,000                                                  holding and
       (“Hansoh Health”)                                                                                                   trading

     *      Not audited by Ernst & Young, Hong Kong or another member firm of the Ernst & Young global network

     The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors,
     principally affected the results for the year ended in 31 December 2019 or formed a substantial
     portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of
     the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.




                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report        53
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION

          These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
          Standards (“HKFRSs”) (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong
          Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
          Public Accountants (“HKICPA”), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the
          disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under
          the historical cost convention, except for financial assets at fair value through profit or loss which
          have been measured at fair value. These financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”)
          and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.

          Basis of consolidation

          The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its
          subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the period ended 31 December 2019.
          A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the
          Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its
          involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
          investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of
          the investee).

          When the Company has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of
          an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has
          power over an investee, including:

          (a)   the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;

          (b)   rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

          (c)   the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

          The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the
          Company, using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from
          the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that
          such control ceases.

          Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners
          of the parent of the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-
          controlling interests having a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income,
          expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in
          full on consolidation.

          The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate
          that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change
          in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity
          transaction.

          If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises (i) the assets (including goodwill)
          and liabilities of the subsidiary, (ii) the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest and (iii)
          the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity; and recognises (i) the fair value of
          the consideration received, (ii) the fair value of any investment retained and (iii) any resulting
          surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously recognised in
          other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on
          the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or
          liabilities.



54   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

     The Group has adopted the following new and revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current
     year’s financial statements.

    Amendments to HKFRS 9                       Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation
    HKFRS 16                                    Leases
    Amendments to HKAS 19                       Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement
    Amendments to HKAS 28                       Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures
    HK(IFRIC)-Int 23                            Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments
    Annual Improvements to HKFRSs               Amendments to HKFRS 3, HKFRS 11, HKAS 12 and
      2015-2017 Cycle                             HKAS 23

    Except for the amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 19 and HKAS 28, and Annual Improvements
    to HKFRSs 2015-2017 Cycle , which are not relevant to the preparation of the Group’s financial
    statements, the nature and the impact of the new and revised HKFRSs are described below:

     (a)   HKFRS 16 replaces HKAS 17 Leases , HK(IFRIC)-Int 4 Determining whether an Arrangement
           contains a Lease , HK(SIC)-Int 15 Operating Leases – Incentives and HK(SIC)-Int 27 Evaluating
           the Substance of Transactions Involving the Legal Form of a Lease . The standard sets out
           the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases and
           requires lessees to account for all leases under a single on-balance sheet model to recognise
           and measure right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, except for certain recognition exemptions.
           Lessor accounting under HKFRS 16 is substantially unchanged from HKAS 17. Lessors
           continue to classify leases as either operating or finance leases using similar principles as in
           HKAS 17.

           HKFRS 16 did not have any significant impact on leases where the Group is the lessor.

           The Group has adopted HKFRS 16 using the modified retrospective method of adoption with
           the date of initial application of 1 January 2019. Under this method, the standard is applied
           retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initial adoption as an adjustment to the opening
           balance of retained earnings at 1 January 2019, and the comparative information for 2018 was
           not restated and continues to be reported under HKAS 17 and related interpretations.

           New definition of a lease

           Under HKFRS 16, a contract is, or contains a lease if the contract conveys a right to control
           the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Control is
           conveyed where the customer has both the right to obtain substantially all of the economic
           benefits from use of the identified asset and the right to direct the use of the identified asset.
           The Group elected to use the transition practical expedient allowing the standard to be applied
           only to contracts that were previously identified as leases applying HKAS 17 and HK(IFRIC)-Int
           4 at the date of initial application. Contracts that were not identified as leases under HKAS 17
           and HK(IFRIC)-Int 4 were not reassessed. Therefore, the definition of a lease under HKFRS 16
           has been applied only to contracts entered into or changed on or after 1 January 2019.




                                                                                       2019 Annual Report       55
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (Continued)

          (a)   (continued)

                As a lessee – Leases previously classified as operating leases

                Nature of the effect of adoption of HKFRS 16

                The Group has lease contracts for various items of land use right, property and vehicles. As
                a lessee, the Group previously classified leases as either finance leases or operating leases
                based on the assessment of whether the lease transferred substantially all the rewards and
                risks of ownership of assets to the Group. Under HKFRS 16, the Group applies a single
                approach to recognise and measure right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for all leases,
                except for two elective exemptions for leases of low-value assets (elected on a lease-by-
                lease basis) and leases with a lease term of 12 months or less (“short-term leases”) (elected
                by class of underlying asset). Instead of recognising rental expenses under operating leases
                on a straight-line basis over the lease term commencing from 1 January 2019, the Group
                recognises depreciation (and impairment, if any) of the right-of-use assets and interest
                accrued on the outstanding lease liabilities.

                Impacts on transition

                Lease liabilities at 1 January 2019 were recognised based on the present value of the
                remaining lease payments, discounted using the incremental borrowing rate at 1 January 2019
                and present separately in the statement of financial position.

                The right-of-use assets were measured at the amount of the lease liability, adjusted by the
                amount of any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the lease recognised in the
                statement of financial position immediately before 1 January 2019.

                All these assets were assessed for any impairment based on HKAS 36 on that date. The Group
                elected to present the right-of-use assets separately in the statement of financial position.

                The Group has used the following elective practical expedients when applying HKFRS 16 at 1
                January 2019:

                •    Applying the short-term lease exemptions to leases with a lease term that ends within 12
                     months from the date of initial application

                •    Using hindsight in determining the lease term where the contract contains options to
                     extend/terminate the lease

                •    Relying on the entity’s assessment of whether leases were onerous by applying HKAS 37
                     immediately before 1 January 2019 as an alternative to performing an impairment review




56   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (Continued)

     (a)   (continued)

           As a lessee – Leases previously classified as operating leases (Continued)

           Impacts on transition (Continued)

           Accordingly, the Group recognised right-of-use assets of RMB142,005,000 as at 1 January
           2019. Prepaid rental of RMB142,005,000 was derecognised, resulting in a decrease in
           prepaid land lease payments and a decrease in prepayments, other receivables and other
           assets of RMB138,847,000 and RMB3,158,000, respectively, as at 1 January 2019.

           The lease liabilities as at 1 January 2019 reconciled to the operating lease commitments as at
           31 December 2018 are as follows:

                                                                                                RMB’ 000

           Operating lease commitments as at 31 December 2018                                         624
           Weighted average incremental borrowing rate as at 1 January 2019                        4.75%

           Discounted operating lease commitments as at 1 January 2019                                612
           Less: Commitments relating to leases of low-value assets                                  (612)

           Lease liabilities as at 1 January 2019                                                        –

     (b)   HK(IFRIC)-Int 23 addresses the accounting for income taxes (current and deferred) when
           tax treatments involve uncertainty that affects the application of HKAS 12 (often referred
           to as “uncertain tax positions”). The interpretation does not apply to taxes or levies outside
           the scope of HKAS 12, nor does it specifically include requirements relating to interest and
           penalties associated with uncertain tax treatments. The interpretation specifically addresses
           (i) whether an entity considers uncertain tax treatments separately; (ii) the assumptions an
           entity makes about the examination of tax treatments by taxation authorities; (iii) how an entity
           determines taxable profits or tax losses, tax bases, unused tax losses, unused tax credits and
           tax rates; and (iv) how an entity considers changes in facts and circumstances. Upon adoption
           of the interpretation, the Group considered whether it has any uncertain tax positions arising
           from the transfer pricing on its intergroup sales. Based on the Group’s tax compliance and
           transfer pricing study, the Group determined that it is probable that its transfer pricing policy
           will be accepted by the tax authorities. Accordingly, the interpretation did not have any impact
           on the financial position or performance of the Group.




                                                                                      2019 Annual Report       57
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRSS

          The Group has not applied the following new and revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are
          not yet effective, in these financial statements.

          Amendments to HKFRS 3                        Definition of a Business 1
          Amendments to HKFRS 9,                       Interest Rate Benchmark Reform 1
           HKAS 39 and HKFRS 7
          Amendments to HKFRS 10                       Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
           and HKAS 28 (2011)                            and its Associate or Joint Venture 3
          HKFRS 17                                     Insurance Contracts 2
          Amendments to HKAS 1                         Definition of Material 1
           and HKAS 8
          1
               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020
          2
               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021
          3
               No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption

          Further information about those HKFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is
          described below.

          Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8 provide a new definition of material. The new definition states
          that information is material if omitting, misstating or obscuring it could reasonably be expected to
          influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the
          basis of those financial statements. The amendments clarify that materiality will depend on the
          nature or magnitude of information. A misstatement of information is material if it could reasonably
          be expected to influence decisions made by the primary users. The Group expects to adopt the
          amendments prospectively from 1 January 2020. The amendments are not expected to have any
          significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

          Save as disclosed above, the directors of the Company anticipate that application of the new and
          revised HKFRSs and interpretations will have no material impact on the Group’s consolidated
          financial statements in the future.

     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

          Fair value measurement

          Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
          an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value
          measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the
          liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a
          principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the
          most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability
          is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or
          liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

          A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to
          generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another
          market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

          The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which
          sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs
          and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.


58   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Fair value measurement (Continued)

     All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are
     categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that
     is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

     Level 1 – based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities

     Level 2 – based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
               value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly

     Level 3 – based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
               value measurement is unobservable

     For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the
     Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing
     categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a
     whole) at the end of each reporting period.

     Impairment of non-financial assets

     Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is
     required (other than inventories, deferred tax assets and financial assets), the asset’s recoverable
     amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or cash-generating
     unit’s value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual
     asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from
     other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-
     generating unit to which the asset belongs.

     An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable
     amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present
     value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
     money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged to the statement of profit
     or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with the function of
     the impaired asset.

     An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period to whether there is an indication that
     previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an
     indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss
     of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used
     to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying
     amount that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment
     loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited
     to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises.




                                                                                       2019 Annual Report       59
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Related parties

          A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

          (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

                (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

                (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

          or

          (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

                (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

                (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or
                        fellow subsidiary of the other entity);

                (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

                (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the
                        third entity;

                (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the
                        Group or an entity related to the Group;

                (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

                (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the
                      key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

                (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                       personnel services to the Group or the parent of the Group.




60   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Property, plant and equipment and depreciation

     Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less
     accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and
     equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to
     its working condition and location for its intended use.

     Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation,
     such as repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period
     in which it is incurred. In situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure
     for a major inspection is capitalised in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where
     significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the
     Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them
     accordingly.

     Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property,
     plant and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The estimated useful lives of
     property, plant and equipment are as follows:

     Buildings                                                                                    20 years
     Leasehold improvement                                                                         3 years
     Machinery equipment                                                                          10 years
     Computer and office equipment                                                             3 – 5 years
     Motor vehicles                                                                                4 years

     Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that
     item is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately.
     Residual values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate,
     at least at the end of each reporting period.

     An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is
     derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or
     disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognised in the statement of profit or loss in
     the year the asset is derecognised is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying
     amount of the relevant asset.

     Construction in progress represents an asset under construction, which is stated at cost less
     any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. Cost comprises the direct costs of construction
     and capitalised borrowing costs on related borrowed funds during the period of construction.
     Construction in progress is reclassified to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment
     when completed and ready for use.




                                                                                      2019 Annual Report       61
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

          Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of
          intangible assets acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The
          useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with
          finite lives are subsequently amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment
          whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period
          and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at
          the end of each reporting period.

          Intangible assets are amortised on the straight-line basis over the following useful economic lives:

          Software                                                                                        3 years

         Research and development costs
          All research costs are charged to the statement of profit or loss as incurred.

          Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when
          the Group can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will
          be available for use or sale, its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the
          asset will generate future economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete the project
          and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the development. Product development
          expenditure which does not meet these criteria is expensed when incurred.

          Leases (applicable from 1 January 2019)

          The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is,
          or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a
          period of time in exchange for consideration.

         Group as a lessee
          The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-
          term leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease
          payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

          (a)   Right-of-use assets

                The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e.,
                the date the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at
                cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any
                remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease
                liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the
                commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated
                on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the
                assets, as follows:

                Land use right                                                                          50 years
                Property                                                                                 3 years

                If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group at the end of the lease term or the
                cost reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated
                useful life of the asset.

                The right-of-use assets are also subject to impairment. Refer to the accounting policies in the
                section “Impairment of non-financial assets”.

62   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Leases (applicable from 1 January 2019) (Continued)

     Group as a lessee (Continued)

     (b)   Lease liabilities

           Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of
           lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments
           (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease
           payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual
           value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option
           reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating the
           lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate. The variable lease
           payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as expenses (unless they
           are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which the event or condition that triggers
           the payment occurs.

           In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing
           rate at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is
           not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is
           increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In
           addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a
           change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to future payments
           resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments) or a
           change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

           The Group’s lease liabilities are presented in a separate line on the consolidated statement of
           financial position.

     (c)   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

           The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of
           machinery and equipment (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less
           from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the
           recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets to leases of office equipment that are
           considered to be low value.

           Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense
           on a straight-line basis over the lease term.




                                                                                       2019 Annual Report       63
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Leases (applicable from 1 January 2019) (Continued)

         Group as a lessor

          When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease
          modification) each of its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.

          Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to
          ownership of an asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-
          lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a
          relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over
          the lease terms and is included in revenue in the statement of profit or loss due to its operating
          nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the
          carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental
          income. Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

          Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to of ownership of an
          underlying assets to the lessee are accounted for as finance leases.

          Leases (applicable before 1 January 2019)

          Leases that transfer substantially all the rewards and risks of ownership of assets to the Group, other
          than legal title, are accounted for as finance leases. At the inception of a finance lease, the cost of
          the leased asset is capitalised at the present value of the minimum lease payments and recorded
          together with the obligation, excluding the interest element, to reflect the purchase and financing.
          Assets held under capitalised finance leases, including prepaid land lease payments under finance
          leases, are included in property, plant and equipment, and depreciated over the shorter of the lease
          terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets. The finance costs of such leases are charged
          to the statement of profit or loss so as to provide a constant periodic rate of charge over the lease
          terms.

          Assets acquired through hire purchase contracts of a financing nature are accounted for as finance
          leases, but are depreciated over their estimated useful lives.

          Leases where substantially all the rewards and risks of ownership of assets remain with the lessor
          are accounted for as operating leases. Where the Group is the lessor, assets leased by the Group
          under operating leases are included in non-current assets, and rentals receivable under the
          operating leases are credited to the statement of profit or loss on the straight-line basis over the
          lease terms. Where the Group is the lessee, rentals payable under operating leases net of any
          incentives received from the lessor are charged to the statement of profit or loss on the straight-line
          basis over the lease terms.

          Prepaid land lease payments under operating leases are initially stated at cost and subsequently
          recognised on the straight-line basis over the lease terms.




64   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Investments and other financial assets

    Initial recognition and measurement

     Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost,
     and fair value through profit or loss.

     The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset ’s
     contractual cash flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the
     exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which
     the Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing
     component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value, plus in the case of a
     financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do
     not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical
     expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under HKFRS 15 in accordance with
     the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.

     In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost, it needs to give rise
     to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal amount
     outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair
     value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

     The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial
     assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will
     result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets
     classified and measured at amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to
     hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and
     measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with
     the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which
     are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value
     through profit or loss.

     All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is,
     the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are
     purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally
     established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.

    Subsequent measurement

     The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

    Financial assets measured at amortised cost (debt instruments)

     Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method
     and are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss
     when the asset is derecognised, modified or impaired.

    Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss

     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position
     at fair value with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


                                                                                       2019 Annual Report       65
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Derecognition of financial assets

          A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar
          financial assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of
          financial position) when:

          •    the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

          •    the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed
               an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party
               under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially
               all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained
               substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.

          When the Group has transferred its right to receive cash flows from an asset (or has entered into a
          pass-through arrangement), and has neither transferred nor retained substantially all of the risks
          and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset, the asset is recognised to the extent
          of the Group’s continuing involvement in the asset. In that case, the Group also recognises an
          associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that
          reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.

          Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured
          at the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration
          that the Group could be required to repay.

          Impairment of financial assets

          The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not
          held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual
          cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to
          receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash
          flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are
          integral to the contractual terms.

         General approach

          ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant
          increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from
          default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit
          exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition,
          a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure,
          irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

          At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has
          increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares
          the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of
          a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers
          reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort, including
          historical and forward-looking information.




66   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

     General approach (Continued)

     The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 1 year past due.
     However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when
     internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding
     contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group.
     A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual
     cash flows.

     Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at
     amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within
     the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables which apply the simplified
     approach as detailed below.

     Stage 1 – Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial
               recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month
               ECLs

     Stage 2 – Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial
               recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss
               allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs

     Stage 3 – Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased
               or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount
               equal to lifetime ECLs

    Simplified approach

     For trade and bills receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when
     the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing
     component, the Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified
     approach, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance
     based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that
     is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the
     debtors and the economic environment. The provision matrix for trade receivables is as follows:

     Overdue by                                                                             Provision rate
     Within 90 days                                                                                    0%
     90 days to 1 year                                                                               20%
     Over 1 year                                                                                    100%




                                                                                      2019 Annual Report       67
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Financial liabilities

         Initial recognition and measurement

          Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through
          profit or loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments
          in an effective hedge, as appropriate.

          All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings
          and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

          The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables.

         Subsequent measurement

          The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

         Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost (loans and borrowings)

          After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at
          amortised cost, using the effective interest method unless the effect of discounting would be
          immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement
          of profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate
          amortisation process.

          Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees
          or costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation
          is included in finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.

          Derecognition of financial liabilities

          A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled,
          or expires.

          When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially
          different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or
          modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability,
          and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit
          or loss.

          Offsetting of financial instruments

          Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement
          of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts
          and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liabilities
          simultaneously.




68   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Inventories

     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the
     weighted average method. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials,
     direct labour, other direct costs and related production overheads. Net realisable value is based on
     estimated selling price less any estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal. If the
     cost of inventories is higher than the net realisable value, the provision of inventories is recognised
     in profit or loss.

     Cash and cash equivalents

     For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise
     cash on hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily
     convertible into known amounts of cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and
     have a short maturity of generally within three months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which
     are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.

     For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents
     comprise cash on hand and at banks, including term deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash,
     which are not restricted to use.

     Provisions

     A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result
     of a past event and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the
     obligation, provided that a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

     When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present
     value at the end of each reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to
     settle the obligation. The increase in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage
     of time is included in finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.

     Income tax

     Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside
     profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in
     equity.

     Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid
     to the taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
     enacted by the end of each reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices
     prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.

     Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of each
     reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for
     financial reporting purposes.




                                                                                       2019 Annual Report       69
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Income tax (Continued)

          Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

          •    when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or
               liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction,
               affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and

          •    in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, when
               the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that
               the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

          Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of
          unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that
          it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences,
          the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

          •    when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the
               initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination
               and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or
               loss; and

          •    in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
               deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary
               differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against
               which the temporary differences can be utilised.

          The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
          reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available
          to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are
          reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become
          probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to
          be recovered.

          Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the
          period when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that
          have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.

          Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally
          enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets
          and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the
          same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities
          and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each
          future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be
          settled or recovered.




70   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Government grants

     Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the
     grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to
     an expense item, it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs,
     which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.

     Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income account and is
     released to the statement of profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal
     annual instalments or deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and released to the statement
     of profit or loss by way of a reduced depreciation charge.

     Revenue recognition

    Revenue from contracts with customers

     Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is
     transferred to the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group
     expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.

     When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is
     estimated to which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services
     to the customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained
     until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue
     recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is
     subsequently resolved.

     When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant
     benefit of financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year,
     revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount
     rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction between the Group and the
     customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a financing component which provides
     the Group a significant financial benefit for more than one year, revenue recognised under the
     contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest
     method. For a contract where the period between the payment by the customer and the transfer
     of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the
     effects of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.




                                                                                       2019 Annual Report       71
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Revenue recognition (Continued)

         Sale of pharmaceutical products

          Revenue from the sale of pharmaceutical products is recognised at the point in time when control of
          the asset is transferred to the customer, generally on acceptance of the pharmaceutical products by
          the customer.

          Some contracts for the sale of pharmaceutical products provide customers with rights of return.
          The rights of return give rise to variable consideration. For contracts which provide a customer
          with a right to return the goods within a specified period, the expected value method is used to
          estimate the goods that will not be returned because this method best predicts the amount of
          variable consideration to which the Group will be entitled. The requirements in HKFRS 15 on
          constraining estimates of variable consideration are applied in order to determine the amount of
          variable consideration that can be included in the transaction price. For goods that are expected
          to be returned, instead of revenue, a refund liability is recognised. A right-of-return asset (and the
          corresponding adjustment to cost of sales) is also recognised for the right to recover products from
          a customer.

         Other income

          Technology transfer income is recognised when services relating to the contract have been
          performed;

          Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms;

          Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying
          the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the
          financial instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the
          financial asset.

          Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been
          established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the
          Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.

          Contract liabilities

          A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is
          earlier) from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities
          are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of
          the related goods or services to the customer).

          Employee benefits

         Pension scheme

          The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operates in Mainland China are required to
          participate in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. These
          subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the central
          pension scheme. The contributions are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become
          payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.


72   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Dividends

     Dividend distribution to the shareholders is recognised as a liability in the period in which the
     dividends are approved by the shareholders or directors, where appropriate.

     Foreign currencies

     These financial statements are presented in RMB. Each entity in the Group determines its own
     functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured
     using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group
     are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the
     transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the
     functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of each reporting period. Differences arising
     on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

     Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
     translated using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items
     measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date
     when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item
     measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on change in fair
     value of the item.

     In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income
     on the derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance
     consideration, the date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises
     the non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there
     are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each
     payment or receipt of the advance consideration.

     The functional currencies of the Company and certain overseas subsidiaries are currencies other
     than RMB. As at the end of each reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are
     translated into RMB at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period and their
     statements of profit or loss are translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange rates for the
     year or period.

     The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated
     in the exchange fluctuation reserve. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other
     comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in the statement of
     profit or loss.

     For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries
     are translated into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently
     recurring cash flows of overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year or period are
     translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange rates for the year or period.




                                                                                     2019 Annual Report       73
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

          The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements,
          estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets
          and liabilities, and their accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities.
          Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a
          material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.

          Estimation uncertainty

          The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the
          end of each reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the
          carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

          Deferred tax assets

          Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable
          profit will be available against which the losses can be utilised. Significant management judgement
          is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon
          the likely timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies. The
          carrying value of deferred tax assets relating to recognised tax losses as at 31 December 2019
          was RMB8,451,000 (2018: RMB23,635,000). The amount of tax losses that are not recognised as
          deferred tax assets as at 31 December 2019 was RMB28,518,000 (2018: RMB29,937,000). Further
          details are contained in note 25 to the financial statements.

          Income tax

          The Group is subject to income taxes in various regions. As a result, when certain matters
          relating to the income taxes have not been confirmed by the local tax bureau, objective estimates
          and judgments based on currently enacted tax laws, regulations and other related policies are
          required in determining the provision for corporate income taxes. Where the final tax outcome of
          these matters is different from the amounts originally recorded, the differences will impact on the
          corporate income tax and tax provisions over the period in which the differences are realised.

          Provision for expected credit losses on trade and bills receivables

          The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates are
          based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns
          (i.e., by geography, product type, customer type and rating, and coverage by letters of credit and
          other forms of credit insurance).

          The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The
          Group will calibrate the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking
          information. For instance, if forecast economic conditions (i.e., gross domestic product) are
          expected to deteriorate over the next year which can lead to an increased number of defaults in the
          distribution sector, the historical default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical
          observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.

          The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic
          conditions and ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in
          circumstances and forecast economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and
          forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of a customer’s actual default in the
          future. The information about the ECLs on the Group’s trade receivables is disclosed in note 16 to
          the financial statements.

74   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

     Estimation uncertainty (Continued)

     Useful lives and residual values of property, plant and equipment

     In determining the useful lives and residual values of items of property, plant and equipment, the
     Group has to consider various factors, such as technical or commercial obsolescence arising from
     changes or improvements in production, or from a change in the market demand for the product or
     service output of the asset, expected usage of the asset, expected physical wear and tear, the repair
     and maintenance of the asset and the legal or similar limits on the use of the asset. The estimation
     of the useful life of the asset is based on the experience of the Group with similar assets that are
     used in a similar way.

     Additional depreciation is recognised if the estimated useful lives and/or the residual values
     of items of property, plant and equipment are different from the previous estimation. Useful
     lives and residual values are reviewed at the end of each reporting period based on changes in
     circumstances.

     Research and development costs

     All research costs are charged to the statement of profit or loss as incurred. Expenditure incurred on
     projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when the Group can demonstrate
     the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale,
     its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate future
     economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete the project and the ability to measure
     reliably the expenditure during the development. Product development expenditure which does not
     meet these criteria is expensed when incurred. Determining the amounts of development costs to
     be capitalised requires the use of judgements and estimation.

4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

     Information about geographical areas

     Since over 90% of the Group’s revenue and operating profit were generated from the sale of
     pharmaceutical products in Mainland China and most of the Group’s identifiable operating assets
     and liabilities were located in Mainland China, no geographical segment information in accordance
     with HKFRS 8 Operating Segments is presented.

     Information about major customers

     No revenue from the Group’s sales to a single customer amounted to 10% or more of the Group’s
     revenue during the reporting period.




                                                                                         2019 Annual Report       75
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND OTHER EXPENSES, NET

          An analysis of revenue, other income and other expenses, net is as follows:

                                                                                  2019             2018
                                                                               RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000

          Revenue from contracts with customers
          Sales of goods – at a point in time                                8,682,746         7,722,278

          Other income
          Investment income                                                     25,871            17,666
          Government grants                                                     33,520            33,489
          Rendering research and development services                            7,266            21,966
          Bank interest income                                                 153,582             2,853
          Dividend income from equity investments at fair value
            through profit or loss                                                    –                 8
          Others                                                                    980             1,971

                                                                               221,219            77,953

          Other expenses, net
          Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment             (1,291)             (727)
          Fair value gains of financial assets at fair value
            through profit or loss                                               23,113           31,764
          Donations                                                             (38,661)         (39,382)
          Foreign exchange gains, net                                             9,947            2,382
          Impairment of trade receivables, net                                    1,003           (2,567)
          Impairment of inventories, net                                         (7,989)               –
          Interest expense on lease liabilities                                    (123)               –
          Others                                                                  5,254              850

                                                                                 (8,747)           (7,680)

          Unsatisfied performance obligations

          The amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied
          or partially unsatisfied) as at 31 December are as follows:

                                                                                  2019             2018
                                                                               RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000

          Unsatisfied performance obligations                                    54,457           23,871

          Amounts expected to be recognised as other income:
           Within one year                                                       15,684           13,080
           After one year                                                        38,773           10,791

                                                                                 54,457           23,871




76   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




6.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX

     The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                           Notes                  2019                 2018
                                                                               RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000

     Cost of inventories sold                                                   444,566              386,594
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                              183,675              148,624
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets
       (2018: amortisation of prepaid
       land lease payments)                                                       5,886                2,831
     Amortisation of intangible assets                                           11,993                7,641
     Impairment of trade receivables, net                   16                   (1,003)               2,567
     Impairment of inventories, net                                               7,989                    –
     Operating lease expenses                                                     7,881                3,716
     Auditors’ remuneration                                                       5,660                6,625
     Loss on disposal of items of property,
       plant and equipment                                   5                     1,291                 727
     Dividend income from equity investments at
       fair value through profit or loss                     5                         –                  (8)
     Investment income                                       5                   (25,871)            (17,666)
     Fair value gains of financial assets at
       fair value through profit or loss                     5                  (23,113)             (31,764)
     Bank interest income                                    5                 (153,582)              (2,853)
     Foreign exchange gains, net                             5                   (9,947)              (2,382)

     Employee benefit expense (including
       directors’ remuneration as set out in note 7):
       Wages and salaries                                                      1,239,317             936,533
       Social welfare and other benefits                                         326,634             257,439

                                                                               1,565,951           1,193,972




                                                                                            2019 Annual Report   77
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     7.   DIRECTORS ’ REMUNERATION

          Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules,
          section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the
          Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                       Group
                                                                                   2019               2018
                                                                                RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000

          Fees                                                                          –                     –

          Other emoluments:
            Salaries and bonuses                                                  39,324                 36,088
            Social welfare and other benefits                                        258                    237

                                                                                  39,582                 36,325

                                                                                  39,582                 36,325

          (a)    Independent non-executive directors

                 The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

                                                               Note                2019               2018
                                                                                RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000

                 Mr. Lin Guoqiang                               (ii)                  30                      –
                 Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai                    (ii)                 180                      –
                 Ms. Yang Dongtao                               (ii)                 145                      –

                                                                                     355                      –

                 There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during
                 the year (2018: Nil).




78   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




7.   DIRECTORS ’ REMUNERATION (Continued)

     (b)   Executive directors and a non-executive director

                                                                                          Social
                                                                       Salaries and  welfare and           Total
                                           Notes             Fees          bonuses other benefits   remuneration
                                                         RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000

           2019
           Executive directors:
             Ms. Zhong Huijuan               (i)                  –         23,460            86         23,546
             Miss Sun Yuan                                        –         12,758            86         12,844
             Mr. Lyu Aifeng                                       –          3,106            86          3,192

                                                                  –         39,324           258         39,582

           Non-executive director:
             Ms. Ma Cuifang                                       –                –           –              –

                                                                  –         39,324           258         39,582

           2018
           Executive directors:
             Ms. Zhong Huijuan               (i)                  –         25,585            79         25,664
             Miss Sun Yuan                                        –          7,168            79          7,247
             Mr. Lyu Aifeng                                       –          3,335            79          3,414

                                                                  –         36,088           237         36,325

           Non-executive director:
             Ms. Ma Cuifang                                       –                –           –              –

                                                                  –         36,088           237         36,325

           There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration
           during the year.

           Notes:

           (i)      Ms. Zhong Huijuan is also the chief executive officer of the Company.

           (ii)     Mr. Lin Guoqiang, Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai and Ms. Yang Dongtao were appointed as
                    independent non-executive directors with effect from May 31, 2019.




                                                                                            2019 Annual Report     79
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     8.   FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

          The five highest paid employees of the Group during the year included three directors (2018: three
          directors), details of whose remuneration are set out in note 7 above. Details of the remuneration of
          the remaining two (2018: two) highest paid employees who are not directors of the Company are as
          follows:

                                                                                  2019                2018
                                                                               RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

          Salaries and bonuses                                                     3,446               5,048
          Social welfare and other benefits                                          172                 158

                                                                                   3,618               5,206

          The number of non-director, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following
          bands is as follows:

                                                                               Number of employees
                                                                                   2019                 2018

          HKD2,000,001 to HKD2,500,000                                                 2                    1
          HKD4,000,001 to HKD4,500,000                                                 –                    1

                                                                                       2                    2

     9.   INCOME TAX

          The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profit arising in or derived from the
          jurisdictions in which members of the Group are domiciled and operate.

          Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and British Virgin Islands, the Group is
          not subject to any income tax in the Cayman Islands or British Virgin Islands.

          The subsidiary incorporated in Hong Kong and subsidiaries registered as a Hong Kong tax resident
          are subject to income tax at the rate of 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits arising in Hong
          Kong during the reporting period.

          The provision for PRC corporate income tax is based on the statutory rate of 25% of the assessable
          profits of certain PRC subsidiaries of the Group as determined in accordance with the PRC
          Corporate Income Tax Law which was approved and became effective on 1 January 2008, except for
          certain subsidiaries of the Group in Mainland China which are granted tax concession and are taxed
          at preferential tax rates.

          In 2014, Jiangsu Hansoh was accredited as a “High and New Technology Enterprise” (“HNTE”) and
          was entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for a period of three years from 2014 to 2016.
          Jiangsu Hansoh subsequently renewed its HNTE qualification in 2017, and was entitled to the
          preferential tax rate of 15% from 2017 to 2019.

          In 2017, Shanghai Hansen was initially accredited as a HNTE, and thus entitled to a preferential
          income tax rate of 15% from 2017 to 2019.




80   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




9.   INCOME TAX (Continued)

     The income tax expense of the Group for the year is analysed as follows:

                                                                                 2019                  2018
                                                                              RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000

     Current income tax                                                        402,104               291,273
     Deferred income tax (note 25)                                              42,079               115,004

     Tax charge for the year                                                   444,183               406,277

     A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax using the statutory rate for the
     jurisdictions in which the majority of the Group’s subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax expense at
     the effective tax rate is as follows:

                                                                                 2019                  2018
                                                                              RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000

     Profit before tax                                                       3,000,925              2,309,325

     Tax at the statutory tax rate (25%)                                       750,231               577,331
     Preferential income tax rate applicable to certain
       subsidiaries                                                           (232,892)             (194,609)
     Additional deductible allowance for qualified research
       and development costs                                                  (194,299)               (91,091)
     Adjustments in respect of current income tax
       of previous years                                                       (14,132)                5,201
     Income not subject to tax                                                  (2,674)                 (255)
     Expenses not deductible for tax                                            15,874                 3,669
     Accrual for withholding tax                                               122,429               101,009
     Tax losses utilised from previous years                                    (5,000)                  (83)
     Tax losses not recognised                                                   4,646                 5,105

     Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                                  444,183               406,277

10. DIVIDENDS

                                                                                 2019                  2018
                                                                              RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000

     Distribution to the then shareholders                                   1,700,000              4,000,000

     Notes:

     Pursuant to the Company’s board resolution dated 31 July 2018, the Company declared dividends of
     RMB4,000,000,000 to the then shareholders.

     Pursuant to the Company’s board resolution and the resolution of the shareholders of the Company dated 27
     May 2019, the Company declared dividends of RMB1,700,000,000 to the then shareholders.

     Save as disclosed above, no other dividend was proposed for the year ended 31 December 2019.




                                                                                          2019 Annual Report     81
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     11. EARNINGS PER SHARE

          The calculation of basic earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the year attributable
          to ordinary equity holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in
          issue for the years 2019 and 2018.

          The weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of calculating basic earnings
          per share and diluted earnings per share has been retrospectively adjusted for the effect of
          capitalisation issue as disclosed in note 26.

          The Group had no potentially dilutive shares in issue during the years ended 31 December 2019
          and 2018.

          The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                  2019               2018
                                                                               RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000

          Earnings
          Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
            used in the basic and diluted earnings
            per share calculation                                            2,556,742            1,903,048

                                                                            Adjusted number of shares
                                                                                   2019                 2018

          Shares
          Adjusted weighted average number of shares in issue
            during the year used in the basic and diluted earnings
            per share calculation                                         5,477,489,291      5,000,000,000




82   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                             Computer
                                                  Leasehold    Machinery    and office      Motor    Construction
                                   Buildings    improvement    equipment    equipment     vehicles    in progress      Total
                                   RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000

     31 December 2018
     At 1 January 2018
       Cost                         886,557         13,171      660,567        77,523      59,459       129,027     1,826,304
       Accumulated depreciation    (210,585)        (9,229)    (336,710)      (54,547)    (43,743)            –      (654,814)

     Net carrying amount            675,972          3,942      323,857       22,976       15,716       129,027     1,171,490

     At 1 January 2018, net of
       accumulated depreciation     675,972          3,942      323,857       22,976       15,716       129,027     1,171,490
     Additions                        8,682              –      132,753       12,869        4,418       224,052       382,774
     Disposals                       (6,800)             –         (251)          (9)        (812)       (1,106)       (8,978)
     Transfer                        87,305              –      169,878        6,015            –      (270,841)       (7,643)
     Depreciation provided
       during the year               (47,423)        (2,535)     (85,594)     (12,516)     (7,750)             –    (155,818)

     At 31 December 2018, net of
       accumulated depreciation     717,736          1,407      540,643       29,335       11,572         81,132    1,381,825

     At 31 December 2018:
       Cost                         968,728         13,171      937,152        95,290      59,699         81,132    2,155,172
       Accumulated depreciation    (250,992)       (11,764)    (396,509)      (65,955)    (48,127)             –     (773,347)

     Net carrying amount            717,736          1,407      540,643       29,335       11,572         81,132    1,381,825

     31 December 2019
     At 1 January 2019
       Cost                         968,728         13,171      937,152        95,290      59,699         81,132    2,155,172
       Accumulated depreciation    (250,992)       (11,764)    (396,509)      (65,955)    (48,127)             –     (773,347)

     Net carrying amount            717,736          1,407      540,643       29,335       11,572         81,132    1,381,825

     At 1 January 2019, net of
       accumulated depreciation     717,736          1,407      540,643       29,335       11,572        81,132     1,381,825
     Additions                      201,296              –       79,938       12,516       10,111       253,183       557,044
     Disposals                         (329)             –       (1,986)      (1,195)         (52)       (8,775)      (12,337)
     Transfer                        31,832              –       55,464        1,264          131       (90,716)       (2,025)
     Depreciation provided
       during the year               (57,166)        (1,361)     (98,674)     (19,777)     (6,697)             –    (183,675)

     At 31 December 2019, net of
       accumulated depreciation     893,369             46      575,385       22,143       15,065       234,824     1,740,832

     At 31 December 2019:
       Cost                        1,201,094          7,487    1,055,612       99,977      66,513       234,824     2,665,507
       Accumulated depreciation     (307,725)        (7,441)    (480,227)     (77,834)    (51,448)            –      (924,675)

     Net carrying amount            893,369             46      575,385       22,143       15,065       234,824     1,740,832



                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report          83
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

          The Group was applying for certificates of ownership for certain properties with the net book value
          of RMB140,363,000 as at 31 December 2019. The directors of the Company are of the opinion that
          the use of and the conduct of operating activities at the properties referred to above are not affected
          by the fact the Group had not yet obtained the relevant property title certificates. The Group is not
          able to assign, transfer or mortgage these assets until these certificates are obtained.

     13. LEASES

          The Group as a lessee

          The Group has lease contracts for various items of land use right, property, equipment and
          vehicles. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with
          lease periods of 50 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land
          leases. Leases of buildings generally have lease terms of 3 years. Equipment and vehicles generally
          has lease terms of 12 months or less and/or is individually of low value. Generally, the Group is
          restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets outside the Group.

         (a) Prepaid land lease payments (before 1 January 2019)

                                                                                                     RMB’ 000

               Carrying amount at 1 January 2018                                                      120,293
               Additions                                                                               24,543
               Recognised in profit or loss during the year                                            (2,831)

               Carrying amount at 31 December 2018                                                    142,005

               Analysed into:
                 Current portion                                                                        3,158
                 Non-current portion                                                                  138,847

         (b) Right-of-use assets

                                                              Land use right         Property            Total
                                                                  RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000

               As at 1 January 2019                                142,005                 –          142,005
               Additions                                            39,591            11,390           50,981
               Depreciation charge                                  (3,488)           (2,398)          (5,886)

               As at 31 December 2019                              178,108              8,992         187,100




84   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




13. LEASES (Continued)

     The Group as a lessee (Continued)

    (c) Lease liabilities

          The carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows

                                                                                                  2019
                                                                                       Lease liabilities
                                                                                             RMB’ 000

          Carrying amount at 1 January 2019                                                          –
          New leases                                                                            50,981
          Accretion of interest recognised during the year                                         123
          Payments                                                                             (41,668)

          Carrying amount at 31 December 2019                                                    9,436

          Analysed into:
            Current portion                                                                      3,653
            Non-current portion                                                                  5,783

    (d) The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                                 2019
                                                                                              RMB’ 000

          Interest on lease liabilities                                                            123
          Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                             5,886

          Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                              6,009




                                                                                   2019 Annual Report      85
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     14. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                     Software
                                                                    RMB’ 000

          31 December 2019
          Cost at 1 January 2019, net of accumulated amortisation     10,475
          Additions                                                    4,061
          Transfer from construction in process                        2,025
          Amortisation provided during the year                      (11,993)

          At 31 December 2019                                          4,568

          At 31 December 2019:
            Cost                                                      36,298
            Accumulated amortisation                                 (31,730)

          Net carrying amount                                          4,568

          31 December 2018
          At 1 January 2018:
            Cost                                                      21,273
            Accumulated amortisation                                 (12,095)

          Net carrying amount                                          9,178

          Cost at 1 January 2018, net of accumulated amortisation      9,178
          Additions                                                    1,295
          Transfer from construction in process                        7,643
          Amortisation provided during the year                       (7,641)

          At 31 December 2018                                         10,475

          At 31 December 2018 and at 1 January 2019:
            Cost                                                      30,212
            Accumulated amortisation                                 (19,737)

          Net carrying amount                                         10,475




86   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




15. INVENTORIES

                                                                             2019                2018
                                                                          RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

     Raw materials                                                          89,359               98,247
     Work in progress                                                      221,313              229,858
     Finished goods                                                        103,676              151,559

                                                                           414,348              479,664

16. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

                                                                             2019                2018
                                                                          RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

     Trade receivables                                                   1,551,688            1,610,677
     Impairment                                                             (1,011)              (5,870)

                                                                         1,550,677            1,604,807
     Bills receivable                                                      695,282            1,040,400

                                                                         2,245,959            2,645,207

     The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit, except for new customers, where
     payment in advance is normally required. The credit period is generally from 60 to 180 days. The
     Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and has a credit control
     department to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management.
     In view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large
     number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does
     not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade and bills receivable balances.
     Trade and bills receivables are non-interest-bearing.

     An ageing analysis of trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice
     date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                             2019                2018
                                                                          RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

     Within 90 days                                                      1,517,015            1,560,095
     91 days to 180 days                                                    33,619               41,346
     Over 180 days                                                              43                3,366

                                                                         1,550,677            1,604,807




                                                                                      2019 Annual Report     87
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     16. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (Continued)

          An ageing analysis of bills receivable as at the end of the reporting period, based on the billing date,
          is as follows:

                                                                                    2019                 2018
                                                                                 RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000

          Within 90 days                                                          405,607              608,017
          91 days to 180 days                                                     289,675              431,883
          Over 180 days                                                                 –                  500

                                                                                  695,282            1,040,400

          The Group applies the simplified approach to providing for expected credit losses prescribed by
          HKFRS 9, which permits the use of the lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables.
          Based on past experience and forward-looking information, the directors of the Company are of the
          opinion that there is no significant credit risk associated with bills receivables and no credit loss
          allowance is necessary since the counterparties are substantially reputable state-owned banks and
          other medium or large-sized listed banks with no history of default.

          To measure the expected credit losses of trade receivables, trade receivables have been grouped
          based on shared credit risk characteristics and the ageing. The movements in the loss allowance for
          impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                    2019                 2018
                                                                                 RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000

          At beginning of year                                                       5,870               12,598
          Impairment losses, net (note 6)                                           (1,003)               2,567
          Amount written-off as uncollectible                                       (3,856)              (9,295)

          At end of year                                                             1,011                5,870




88   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




16. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (Continued)

     Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables
     using a provision matrix:

                                                                    Overdue by
                                               Not        Within    90 days to           Over
                                           overdue       90 days        1 year         1 year         Total

     At 31 December 2019
     Expected credit loss rate                 0%            0%           20%          100%             0%
     Gross carrying amount
       (RMB’ 000)                       1,463,984        86,650             54         1,000    1,551,688

     Expected credit losses
       (RMB’ 000)                                –             –            11         1,000         1,011

     At 31 December 2018
     Expected credit loss rate                 0%            0%           20%          100%             0%
     Gross carrying amount
       (RMB’ 000)                       1,578,834        18,043          9,913         3,887    1,610,677

     Expected credit losses
       (RMB’ 000)                                –             –         1,983         3,887         5,870

     The credit loss rate remained the same during the reporting period as the business and customer
     risk portfolio of the Group remained stable and there were no significant fluctuations in the historical
     credit loss incurred. In addition, there is no significant change with regards to economic indicators
     based on an assessment of forward-looking information.

     At 31 December 2019, the Group endorsed certain bills receivable accepted by banks in Mainland
     China (the “Derecognised Bills”) to settle the dividends payable, trade payables and other payables
     with a carrying amount of RMB74,334,000 (2018: RMB92,139,000). The Derecognised Bills had
     a maturity of one to six months at the end of the reporting period. In accordance with the Law of
     Negotiable Instruments in the PRC, the holders of the Derecognised Bills have a right of recourse
     against the Group if the PRC banks default (the “Continuing Involvement”). In the opinion of the
     directors, the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards relating to the Derecognised
     Bills. Accordingly, it has derecognised the full carrying amounts of the Derecognised Bills and the
     associated dividends payable, trade payables and other payables. The maximum exposure to loss
     from the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Bills and the undiscounted cash flows
     to repurchase these Derecognised Bills is equal to their carrying amounts. In the opinion of the
     directors, the fair values of the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Bills are not
     significant.

     During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group has not recognised any gain or loss on the
     date of transfer of the Derecognised Bills. No gains or losses were recognised from the Continuing
     Involvement, both during the reporting period and cumulatively.




                                                                                       2019 Annual Report       89
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     17. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                  2019                2018
                                                                               RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

          Prepaid income tax                                                    131,534                    –
          Prepayments                                                            24,185               28,308
          Deposits                                                                4,740                3,543
          Prepaid land lease payments – current portion      13(a)                    –                3,158
          Prepaid expenses                                                          598                2,771
          Other receivables                                                      32,715               28,472

                                                                                193,772               66,252

          The financial assets included in the above balances relate to receivables for which there was no
          recent history of default and past due amounts. As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, the loss
          allowance was assessed to be minimal.

     18. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                  2019                2018
                                                                               RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

          Investments in financial products                                   2,772,040            2,016,439

          The above investments represent investments in certain financial products issued by commercial
          banks in the PRC with expected return rates ranging from 1.35% to 3.70% per annum. The returns
          on all of these financial products are not guaranteed. The fair values of the investments approximate
          to their costs plus expected return. None of these investments are either past due or impaired.

     19. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS

                                                                                  2019                2018
                                                                               RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

          Investments in financial products                                   3,583,457              511,792

          The above investments represent investments in certain financial products issued by commercial
          banks. These financial products had terms of less than one year and had guaranteed annual return
          rates ranging from 2.00% to 3.20%. None of these investments are either past due or impaired.




90   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




20. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                   2019                  2018
                                                                                RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000

     Cash and bank balances, unrestricted                                      3,411,166               653,183
     Bank deposits with initial terms of
       less than three months when acquired                                    1,933,693               311,648
     Bank deposits with initial terms of
       over three months when acquired (note (a))                              2,893,563                       –

     Cash and bank balances                                                    8,238,422               964,831

     Denominated in:
       RMB                                                                     1,486,429               407,990
       USD                                                                     2,599,918               556,398
       HKD                                                                     4,152,075                   378
       Others                                                                          –                    65

                                                                               8,238,422               964,831

     The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies, however, under Mainland China’s Foreign
     Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign
     Exchange Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks
     authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.

     Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short term time
     deposits are made for varying periods within three months depending on the immediate cash
     requirements of the Group, and earn interest at the respective short-term time deposit rates. The
     bank balances are deposited with creditworthy banks with no history of default. The carrying
     amounts of the cash and cash equivalents approximate to their fair values.

     Note:

     (a)     The above investments represent time deposits with initial terms of over three months when acquired
             (including three months) issued by commercial banks with annual return rates ranging from 1.50% to
             3.15%. None of these investments are either past due or impaired. None of these deposits are pledged.




                                                                                           2019 Annual Report        91
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     21. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES

                                                                                  2019                2018
                                                                               RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

          Trade payables                                                         88,432               95,291
          Bills payable                                                         104,418               63,519

                                                                                192,850              158,810

          An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payable as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
          invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                  2019                2018
                                                                               RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

          Within 90 days                                                        139,094              121,530
          91 days to 180 days                                                    52,965               36,386
          181 days to 1 year                                                        151                  321
          Over 1 year                                                               640                  573

                                                                                192,850              158,810

          The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on 90-day terms.

     22. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                  2019                2018
                                                                               RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

          Accrued expenses                                                    1,009,471              586,816
          Staff payroll, welfare and bonus payables                             385,345              366,306
          Payables for purchase of items of
            property, plant and equipment                                        73,059               75,329
          Other tax payables                                                     63,875               74,630
          Other payables                                                        230,926              357,140

                                                                              1,762,676            1,460,221




92   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




23. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                   2019                         2018
                                                                                                RMB’ 000                     RMB’ 000

     Amounts received in advance of delivery of
      products and services                                                                        40,469                      36,311

     Set out below is the amount of revenue and other income recognised from:

                                                                                                   2019                         2018
                                                                                                RMB’ 000                     RMB’ 000

     Amounts included in contract liabilities at the
      beginning of the year                                                                          6,840                     26,358

24. DIVIDENDS PAYABLE

     The amounts set out in the consolidated statement of financial position of RMB4,200 million as at
     31 December 2019 represented the outstanding balance of dividends of RMB2,500 million declared
     by the Company to the then shareholders at 31 July 2018 and the dividends of RMB1,700 million
     declared by the Company to the then shareholders at 27 May 2019.

25. DEFERRED TAX

     The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the reporting period are as follows:

     Deferred tax assets

                                              Losses
                                        available for                                           Provision of
                                           offsetting Decelerated                                impairment
                                             against depreciation/     Unrealised                   for trade
                                               future amortisation     profit from              receivables
                                             taxable        for tax intercompany      Accrued             and
                                              profits    purposes transactions       expenses    inventories       Others         Total
                                           RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

     At 1 January 2019                       23,635          7,301             40     25,387          1,124         1,148       58,635
     Deferred tax recognised in the
       consolidated statement of
       profit or loss during the year       (15,184)        (3,482)             –     22,073            228        (1,148)        2,487

     At 31 December 2019                      8,451          3,819             40     47,460          1,352             –       61,122

     At 1 January 2018                        7,393         15,189          1,330     14,559          2,571         3,244       44,286
     Deferred tax recognised in the
       consolidated statement of
       profit or loss during the year        16,242         (7,888)        (1,290)    10,828         (1,447)       (2,096)      14,349

     At 31 December 2018                     23,635          7,301             40     25,387          1,124         1,148       58,635




                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report        93
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     25. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)

          Deferred tax liabilities

                                                                Accelerated
                                                            depreciation for       Accrual for
                                                               tax purposes    withholding tax           Total
                                                                  RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000

          At 1 January 2019                                         (34,056)        (267,267)         (301,323)
          Deferred tax recognised in the consolidated
            statement of profit or loss during the year              (5,405)         (39,161)          (44,566)

          At 31 December 2019                                       (39,461)        (306,428)         (345,889)

          At 1 January 2018                                          (5,712)        (166,258)         (171,970)
          Deferred tax recognised in the consolidated
            statement of profit or loss during the year             (28,344)        (101,009)         (129,353)

          At 31 December 2018                                       (34,056)        (267,267)         (301,323)

          The Group has tax losses arising in Hong Kong of RMB15,494,000 (2018: RMB9,517,000) that
          are available indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in which the
          losses arose. The Group also has tax losses arising in Mainland China of RMB13,024,000 (2018:
          RMB20,420,000) that will expire in one to five years for offsetting against future taxable profits.
          Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these losses as they have arisen in
          certain subsidiaries that has been loss-making for some time and it is not considered probable that
          taxable profits will be available against which the tax losses can be utilised.

          Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends
          declared to foreign investors from the foreign invested enterprises established in Mainland China.
          The requirement is effective from 1 January 2008 and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007.
          A lower withholding tax rate may be applied if there is a tax treaty between Mainland China and the
          jurisdiction of the foreign investors. For the Group, the applicable rate is 5%. The Group is therefore
          liable for withholding taxes on dividends distributed by those subsidiaries established in Mainland
          China in respect of earnings generated from 1 January 2008.

          For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the
          consolidated statement of financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax
          balances of the Group for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                    2019                2018
                                                                                 RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

          Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the
            consolidated statement of financial position                          284,767             242,688




94   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




26. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                       2019                  2018
                                                                                       RMB                   RMB

     Issued and fully paid:
       5,788,611,200 shares of HKD0.00001 each
         (31 December 2018: 10,000 shares of USD0.01 each)                           50,951                    652

     A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:

                                                                                  Number of
                                                                             shares in issue         Share capital
                                                                                                             RMB

     At 1 January 2019                                                               10,000                    652

     Issue of shares of USD0.01 each (note (a))                                   309.2784                      21
     Capitalisation issue (note (b)):
       10,309.2784 shares of USD0.01 each
           repurchased and cancelled                                          (10,309.2784)                   (673)
       5,154,639,200 shares of HKD0.00001 each
           allotted and issued                                               5,154,639,200                 45,368
     Initial Public Offering – issue of shares of
       HKD0.00001 each (note (c))                                              551,280,000                   4,854
     The full exercise of the over-allotment option – issue of
       shares of HKD0.00001 each (note (d))                                     82,692,000                     729

     At 31 December 2019                                                     5,788,611,200                 50,951

     Notes:

     (a)      On 12 February 2019, the Company allotted and issued 309.2784 shares of a par value of USD0.01
              to Catalunya Heritage Limited for a total cash consideration of approximately USD248,582,000
              (RMB1,682,278,000).

     (b)      On 14 June 2019, the authorised share capital was increased from USD10,000 divided into 1,000,000
              shares of a par value of USD0.01 each to the aggregate of USD10,000 and HKD200,000 divided into
              (i) 1,000,000 shares of a par value of USD0.01 each and (ii) 20,000,000,000 shares of a par value of
              HKD0.00001 each by the creation of 20,000,000,000 shares of a par value of HKD0.00001 each.

              103,092,784 shares of a par value of HKD0.00001 each were allotted and issued to the then existing
              shareholders in proportion to their respective shareholdings in the Company and credited as fully paid.
              10,309.2784 shares of a par value of USD0.01 each of the Company were repurchased and cancelled
              and the authorised share capital was reduced by cancellation of the 1,000,000 authorised but unissued
              shares of a par value of USD0.01 each, following which, the authorised share capital of the Company was
              HKD200,000 divided into 20,000,000,000 shares of a par value of HKD0.00001 each.

              5,051,546,416 shares of a par value of HKD0.00001 each were allotted and issued to the then existing
              shareholders in proportion to their respective shareholdings in the Company and credited as fully paid
              at par value, by way of capitalisation of the sum of HKD50,515.46 standing to the credit of the share
              premium account of the Company.




                                                                                               2019 Annual Report       95
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     26. SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)

          (c)   In connection with the Company’s Global Offering, 551,280,000 ordinary shares of a par value of
                HKD0.00001 each were issued at a price of HKD14.26 per share for a total cash consideration, before
                deducting the underwriting fees and commissions and other estimated listing expenses, of approximately
                HKD7,861,253,000 (approximately RMB6,921,304,000). Dealings in the shares of the Company on the
                Stock Exchange commenced on 14 June 2019.

          (d)   The Company issued and allotted 82,692,000 shares at a price of HKD14.26 per share on 10 July 2019
                pursuant to the full exercise of the over-allotment option. The gross proceeds received by the Company
                were approximately HKD1,179,188,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB1,039,549,000).

     27. RESERVES

          The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the reporting period are
          presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.

          (a)   Share premium

                The proceeds from the issue of shares that exceeds the nominal value of the shares were
                credited into the share premium.

          (b)   Merger reserve

                The merg er re serve of the Grou p represents the capital contributions from the then
                shareholders of the subsidiaries.

          (c)   Exchange fluctuation reserve

                The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries are currencies other than the
                Renminbi (“RMB”). As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these
                entities are translated into RMB at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting
                period and their profit or loss are translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange rates
                for the period. The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive
                income and accumulated in the exchange fluctuation reserve. On disposal of a foreign
                operation, the component of other comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign
                operation is recognised in profit or loss.

          (d)   Statutory reserves

                In accordance with the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the
                subsidiary of the Group which is a domestic enterprise is required to allocate 10% of its profit
                after tax, as determined in accordance with the relevant PRC Generally Accepted Accounting
                Principles, to its statutory surplus reserve until the reserve reaches 50% of its registered
                capital. Subject to certain restrictions set out in the Company Law of the PRC, part of the
                statutory surplus reserve may be converted to share capital, provided that the remaining
                balance after the capitalisation is not less than 25% of the registered capital.




96   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




28. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

     (a)   Major non-cash transactions

           Except for transactions mentioned in note 16, there were no major non-cash transactions
           during the years ended in 31 December 2019 and 2018.

     (b)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                          Dividends         Lease
                                                            payable     liabilities        Total
                                                          RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000

           At 1 January 2019                             4,000,000               –     4,000,000

           Changes from financing cash flows:
           Dividend paid to the then shareholders       (1,500,000)            –       (1,500,000)
           Principal portion of lease payments                   –       (41,668)         (41,668)

           Total changes from financing cash flows      (1,500,000)      (41,668)      (1,541,668)

           Other changes:
           Dividend declared                             1,700,000             –       1,700,000
           Additions to lease liabilities                        –        50,981          50,981
           Accretion of interest recognised
             during the year                                      –           123            123

           Total other changes                           1,700,000        51,104       1,751,104

           At 31 December 2019                           4,200,000          9,436      4,209,436

           At 1 January 2018                                      –              –              –

           Changes from financing cash flows:
           Total changes from financing cash flows                –              –              –

           Other changes:
           Dividend declared                             4,000,000               –     4,000,000

           Total other changes                           4,000,000               –     4,000,000

           At 31 December 2018                           4,000,000               –     4,000,000




                                                                                2019 Annual Report   97
     Notes to Financial Statements
     December 31, 2019




     28. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)

          (c)   Total cash outflow for leases

                The total cash outflow for leases included in the consolidated statement of cash flows is as
                follows:

                                                                                                    2019
                                                                                                 RMB’ 000

                Within operating activities                                                         7,881
                Within investing activities                                                             –
                Within financing activities                                                        41,668

                                                                                                   49,549

     29. COMMITMENTS

          (a)   The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                   2019             2018
                                                                                RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000

                Contracted, but not provided for acquisition of
                  property, plant and equipment                                     197,628       173,963

          (b)   Operating lease commitments as at 31 December 2018

                The Group leased certain of its office properties under operating lease arrangements. Leases
                for office properties were negotiated for terms of 12 months or less.

                At 31 December 2018, the Group had total future minimum lease payments under non-
                cancellable operating leases falling due as follows:

                                                                                                    2018
                                                                                                 RMB’ 000

                Within one year                                                                       624

     30. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

          (a)   Name and relationship of related parties

                Name                                     Relationship

                江蘇明泰投資集團有限公司                             Controlled by a director
                 (“Jiangsu Mingtai Group”)
                連雲港恒運醫藥科技有限公司                            Subsidiary of Jiangsu Mingtai Group
                 (“Hengyun”)
                江蘇恆瑞醫藥股份有限公司                             Joint stock company of a close family
                 (“Hengrui Medicine”)                      member of a director




98   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




30. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (b)   Transactions with related parties

           The following transactions were carried out with related parties:

                                                                                  2019               2018
                                                                               RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000

           Sales to
           Hengrui Medicine                                                           –                272

           Purchase from
           Hengyun                                                                    –              2,306
           Hengrui Medicine                                                           –                206

           Loans to
           Jiangsu Mingtai Group                                                      –            367,000

           The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the above sales to related parties and
           purchase from related parties were conducted in the ordinary course of business and on
           normal commercial terms.

           The loans to Jiangsu Mingtai Group were interest-free with maturity terms of within two
           months. The Group received the repayment in full from Jiangsu Mingtai Group on 31 July
           2018.

     (c)   Balances with related parties:

           Due from related parties

                                                                                  2019               2018
                                                                               RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000

           Trade receivables
             Hengrui Medicine                                                         –                   11

     (d)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:

                                                                                  2019               2018
                                                                               RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000

           Salaries and bonuses                                                 63,816              59,841
           Social welfare and other benefits                                     1,855               1,438

           Total compensation paid to key
             management personnel                                               65,671              61,279

           Further details of directors’ emoluments are included in note 7 to the financial statements.




                                                                                          2019 Annual Report   99
      Notes to Financial Statements
      December 31, 2019




      31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

           The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the
           reporting period were as follows:

           2019

           Financial assets

                                                                   Financial
                                                                    assets at
                                                                   fair value
                                                               through profit
                                                                     or loss,     Financial
                                                                 mandatorily      assets at
                                                               designated as     amortised
                                                                         such          cost           Total
                                                                   RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000

           Trade and bills receivables                                     –     2,245,959        2,245,959
           Financial assets at fair value through
             profit or loss                                       2,772,040              –        2,772,040
           Financial assets included in prepayments,
             other receivables and other assets                            –        37,455           37,455
           Other financial assets                                          –     3,583,457        3,583,457
           Cash and bank balances                                          –     8,238,422        8,238,422

                                                                  2,772,040     14,105,293      16,877,333

           Financial liabilities

                                                                                                   Financial
                                                                                                liabilities at
                                                                                              amortised cost
                                                                                                   RMB’ 000

           Trade and bills payables                                                                 192,850
           Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                          1,313,456
           Lease liabilities                                                                          9,436
           Dividends payable                                                                      4,200,000

                                                                                                  5,715,742




100   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (Continued)

     2018

     Financial assets

                                                              Financial
                                                              assets at
                                                             fair value
                                                         through profit
                                                                or loss,    Financial
                                                           mandatorily      assets at
                                                         designated as     amortised
                                                                   such          cost           Total
                                                             RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000

     Trade and bills receivables                                      –    2,645,207        2,645,207
     Financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss                                       2,016,439              –        2,016,439
     Financial assets included in prepayments,
       other receivables and other assets                             –      32,015            32,015
     Other financial assets                                           –     511,792           511,792
     Cash and bank balances                                           –     964,831           964,831

                                                            2,016,439      4,153,845        6,170,284

     Financial liabilities

                                                                                             Financial
                                                                                          liabilities at
                                                                                        amortised cost
                                                                                            RMB’ 000

     Trade and bills payables                                                                 158,810
     Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                          1,019,285
     Dividends payable                                                                      4,000,000

                                                                                            5,178,095




                                                                                  2019 Annual Report       101
      Notes to Financial Statements
      December 31, 2019




      32. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

           The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with
           carrying amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:

           Financial assets

                                                            Carrying amount                    Fair value
                                                            2019           2018             2019           2018
                                                         RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000

           Financial assets at
             fair value through profit or loss          2,772,000       2,011,000      2,772,040       2,016,439

           Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, bank deposits with
           initial terms of over three months when acquired, trade and bills receivables, trade and bills
           payables, other financial assets, deposits and other receivables, financial liabilities included in other
           payables and accruals and dividends payable approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to
           the short-term maturities of these instruments.

           The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the
           instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a
           forced or liquidation sale.

           The fair values of the non-current portion of lease liabilities have been calculated by discounting
           the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms,
           credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s own non-
           performance risk for lease liabilities as at 31 December 2019 were assessed to be insignificant.




102   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




32. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     Fair value hierarchy

     The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial
     instruments:

     Assets measured at fair value:

                                                               Fair value measurement using

                                                     Quoted
                                                   prices in     Significant  Significant
                                                      active     observable unobservable
                                                    markets           inputs       inputs
                                                   (Level 1)       (Level 2)    (Level 3)           Total
                                                  RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000

     As at 31 December 2019
     Financial assets at fair value
       through profit or loss                              –     2,772,040                –     2,772,040

     As at 31 December 2018
     Financial assets at fair value
       through profit or loss                              –     2,016,439                –     2,016,439

     The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 31 December 2019 and
     31 December 2018.

     During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2
     and no transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2018: Nil).

33. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

     The Group’s principal financial instruments mainly include cash and cash equivalents, bank
     deposits with initial terms of over three months when acquired, financial assets at fair value through
     profit or loss and other financial assets. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise
     finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such
     as trade receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its operations.

     The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are foreign currency risk, credit risk
     and liquidity risk. Generally, the Group introduces conservative strategies on its risk management.
     To keep the Group’s exposure to these risks to a minimum, the Group has not used any derivatives
     and other instruments for hedging purposes. The Group does not hold or issue derivative financial
     instruments for trading purposes. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing
     each of these risks and they are summarised below:




                                                                                       2019 Annual Report       103
      Notes to Financial Statements
      December 31, 2019




      33. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

           (a)   Foreign currency risk

                 Foreign currency risk is the risk of loss resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange
                 rates. The Group’s business are located in Mainland China and nearly all transactions are
                 conducted in RMB. As nearly all of the assets and liabilities of subsidiaries in Mainland China
                 were denominated in RMB, these subsidiaries were not subject to significant foreign currency
                 risk. As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s assets and liabilities denominated in currencies
                 other than RMB were mainly held by the Company and certain subsidiaries incorporated
                 outside Mainland China which had currencies other than RMB as their functional currencies.
                 The Company and those subsidiaries incorporated outside Mainland China also held bank
                 balances denominated in currencies other than their functional currencies, from which foreign
                 currency exposures arise.

                 The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a
                 reasonably possible change in foreign currency exchange rates, with all other variables held
                 constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets
                 and liabilities) and the Group’s equity.

                                                                   Increase/                         Increase/
                                                               (decrease) in         Increase/   (decrease) in
                                                              rate of foreign   (decrease) in         profit for
                                                                    currency profit before tax         the year
                                                                           %        RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000

                 2019
                 If RMB weakens against USD                                5            1,623            1,380
                 If RMB strengthens against USD                           (5)          (1,623)          (1,380)

                 2018
                 If RMB weakens against USD                                5            1,415            1,203
                 If RMB strengthens against USD                           (5)          (1,415)          (1,203)




104   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




33. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

     (b)   Credit risk

           The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, bank deposits with initial terms of over
           three months when acquired, other financial assets, financial assets at fair value through profit
           or loss, trade receivables and other receivables represent the Group’s maximum exposure
           equal to credit risk in relation to financial assets.

           The Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with cash and cash
           equivalents, bank deposits with initial terms of over three months when acquired, other
           financial assets and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss since they are
           substantially held in reputable state-owned banks and other medium or large-sized listed
           banks. Management does not expect that there will be any significant losses from on-
           performance by these counterparties.

           The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy customers with no requirement for
           collateral. It is the Group’s policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are
           subject to credit verification procedures. In order to minimise the credit risk, the Group reviews
           the recoverable amount of each individual trade receivable periodically and management
           also has monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue
           receivables. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk
           is significantly reduced.

           The Group measures loss allowances for bills receivable at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.
           Based on past experience and forward-looking information, the directors of the Company are
           of the opinion that there is no significant credit risk associated with bills receivables and no
           credit loss allowance is necessary since the counterparties are substantially reputable state-
           owned banks and other medium or large-sized listed banks with no history of default.

           The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs,
           which is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experiences
           do not indicate significantly different loss patterns for different segments, the loss allowance
           based on past due status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different customer
           bases.

           The Group also expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with amounts due
           from related parties and other receivables since counterparties to these financial assets have
           no history of default.

           For other financial assets, amounts due from related parties and other receivables, impairment
           is measured as 12-month expected credit losses since there has been no significant increase
           in credit risk since initial recognition.




                                                                                       2019 Annual Report       105
      Notes to Financial Statements
      December 31, 2019




      33. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

           (c)   Liquidity risk

                 The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool.
                 This tool considers both the maturity of its financial instruments and financial assets (e.g.,
                 trade and bills receivables) and projected cash flows from operations.

                 The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period,
                 based on contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

                                                                           2019

                                                 Within
                                            3 months or     3 months      1 year to         Over
                                             on demand      to 1 year      5 years       5 years         Total
                                              RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000

                 Lease liabilities                  893         2,760         5,783             –        9,436
                 Financial liabilities
                   included in other
                   payables and accruals     1,313,456             –              –             –    1,313,456
                 Trade and bills payables      192,850             –              –             –      192,850
                 Dividends payable                   –     4,200,000              –             –    4,200,000

                                             1,507,199     4,202,760          5,783             –    5,715,742

                                                                           2018

                                                 Within
                                            3 months or     3 months          1 year        Over
                                             on demand       to 1 year    to 5 years     5 years        Total
                                              RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000

                 Financial liabilities
                   included in other
                   payables and accruals     1,019,285             –             –              –    1,019,285
                 Trade and bills payables      158,810             –             –              –      158,810
                 Dividends payable             600,000     2,200,000     1,200,000              –    4,000,000

                                             1,778,095     2,200,000     1,200,000              –    5,178,095




106   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




33. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

     (d)   Capital management

           The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability
           to continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its
           business and maximise shareholder’s value.

           The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in
           economic conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the
           dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. The
           Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. No changes were made
           in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the reporting period.

           The Group monitors capital using a debt-to-asset ratio which is total liabilities divided by total
           assets. The debt-to-asset ratios as at the end of the reporting periods were as follows:

                                                                               2019                 2018
                                                                            RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000

           Total liabilities                                               6,530,882            5,946,473
           Total assets                                                   19,575,204            8,414,371
           Debt-to-asset ratio                                                  33%                  71%

35. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

     As at 31 December 2019, the Group and the Company were not involved in any material legal,
     arbitration or administrative proceedings that, if adversely determined, the Group and the Company
     expect would materially adversely affect their financial position or results of operations.

36. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     The outbreak of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has caused disruptions to the pharmaceutical
     industry in China as well as other countries and regions. Despite the challenges, governments and
     international organizations have implemented a series of measures to contain the epidemic. The
     Group will closely monitor the development of the epidemic and assess its impact on the financial
     position and operating results of the Group.

     Save as disclosed above, the Group had no other material events after the reporting period.




                                                                                       2019 Annual Report       107
      Notes to Financial Statements
      December 31, 2019




      37. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

           Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting
           period is as follows:

                                                             Note               2019               2018
                                                                             RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000

           NON-CURRENT ASSETS
           Amounts due from subsidiaries                                    1,047,792            458,279

           Total non-current assets                                         1,047,792            458,279

           CURRENT ASSETS
           Amounts due from subsidiaries                                    4,238,511          4,046,440
           Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                     14,260              5,065
           Other financial assets                                           3,383,457            411,792
           Cash and bank balances                                           6,647,334            501,972

           Total current assets                                           14,283,562           4,965,269

           CURRENT LIABILITIES
           Dividends payable                                                4,200,000          2,800,000
           Other payables and accruals                                         64,560             25,961
           Amounts due to subsidiaries                                              –              9,364

           Total current liabilities                                        4,264,560          2,835,325

           NET CURRENT ASSETS                                             10,019,002           2,129,944

           TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                          11,066,794           2,588,223

           NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
           Dividends payable                                                         –         1,200,000

           Total non-current liabilities                                             –         1,200,000

           NET ASSETS                                                     11,066,794           1,388,223

           EQUITY
           Share capital                                                          51                   1
           Reserves                                          (a)          11,066,743           1,388,222

           Total equity                                                   11,066,794           1,388,223




108   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2019




37. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

     Note:

     (a)     A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:

                                                                        Exchange
                                                            Share     fluctuation      Retained
                                                         premium          reserve        profits        Total
                                                        RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000

             At 1 January 2018                         1,302,448         14,151          19,501      1,336,100
             Profit for the year                               –              –       3,984,589      3,984,589
             Exchange differences
               related to foreign operations                      –      67,533                –       67,533

             Total comprehensive income for
               the year                                           –      67,533       3,984,589      4,052,122
             Dividends declared                                   –           –      (4,000,000)    (4,000,000)

             At 31 December 2018                       1,302,448         81,684           4,090      1,388,222

                                                                                        Retained
                                                                        Exchange         profits/
                                                            Share     fluctuation   Accumulated
                                                         premium          reserve         losses         Total
                                                        RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000

             At 1 January 2019                         1,302,448         81,684           4,090      1,388,222
             Profit for the year                               –              –       1,685,748      1,685,748
             Exchange differences related to
               foreign operations                                 –     158,427                –      158,427

             Total comprehensive income
               for the year                                       –     158,427       1,685,748      1,844,175
             Issue of shares prior to the Initial
               Public Offering (“IPO”)                 1,682,278               –               –     1,682,278
             Capitalisation Issue                            (44)              –               –           (44)
             Issue of shares in connection
               with the IPO                            7,960,847               –              –      7,960,847
             Share issue expenses                       (108,735)              –              –       (108,735)
             Dividends declared                                –               –     (1,700,000)    (1,700,000)

             At 31 December 2019                      10,836,794        240,111         (10,162)    11,066,743


38. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 30
     March 2020.




                                                                                           2019 Annual Report     109
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      ABOUT THE REPORT

      The “Hansoh Pharma 2019 Environmental, Social and Governance Report” (hereinafter referred to
      as the “Report”) elaborates on the principles adopted by Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company
      Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “Company” or “Hansoh Pharma”) with an aim to fulfill corporate
      social responsibility and the performance results of the implementation of those principles. This Report
      has covered topics about sustainable development of environment and society that are of concern to
      important stakeholders.

      Basis of Preparation

      The Report is compiled based on the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide (the “ESG
      Reporting Guide”), Appendix 27 to the Listing Rules published by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
      Limited (“HKEx”) and with reference to the Sustainability Reporting Standards published by the Global
      Reporting Initiative (GRI) (the “GRI Standards”).

      Scope of Report

      The scope of the Report covers the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”, “we”, “us”
      or “our”), which is consistent with the entities included in the consolidated financial statements. The
      Company is an investment holding company. The scope of certain parts of the Report covers Jiangsu
      Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu Hansoh”), a key business entity of the Company, which
      has been stated at the relevant section.

      Principal Subsidiaries

      Hansoh Pharma International Limited
      Hansoh (Shanghai) Health Technology Co., Ltd.
      Jiangsu Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.
      Shanghai Hansen Technology Co., Ltd.
      Jiangsu Hengte Pharmaceutical Sales Company Limited

      Time Range

      The reporting year of the Report is from January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2019.

      Explanation to Data

      All data and cases in the Report are collected based on the original records and financial reports about
      the actual operation of the Group.

      Reliability assurance

      The board of directors of the Company confirms that there are no false information, misleading
      statements or material omissions in the content of the Report.




110   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


OVERVIEW OF ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE IN 2019


              Social Performance


Total number of employees: 9,178                          Female representation in senior officers: 21.1%

Number of hours of staff training per capita: 20.24

Community investment: RMB38,660,800 1                     Investment in targeted poverty alleviation:
                                                          RMB8,004,100

•    Two national Category 1.1 innovative drugs, Fulaimei (polyethylene glycol loxenatide for injection)
     and Hansoh Xinfu (flumatinib mesylate), were approved for marketing, indicated for the treatment of
     Type-II diabetes and chronic myelogenous leukemia respectively

•    Fulaimei (polyethylene glycol loxenatide for injection) was awarded the “National Quality Innovation
     Contest – Ｖ Grade Prize” (全國質量創新大賽Ｖ級獎) by China Association for Quality (中國質量協會)

•    Key product Pulaile (pemetrexed disodium for injection) was awarded the “Champion Single Products
     in Manufacturing Industry” (製造業單項冠軍產品) by the Ministry of Industry and Information
     Technology (工信部)

•    The international industry project for intelligent manufacturing of oncology drugs included in
     “National Manufacturing High-quality Development” projects (國家製造業高質量發展)

•    14 projects were approved for the Establishment of the State’s Major Science and Technology Project
     for New Key Drug Formulation (國家重大新藥創制科技重大專項立項)



              Environmental Performance


The water consumption for each 10,000 tablets decreased by 14% compared with last year

The emission of hazardous wastes per unit of output decreased by 14.2% compared with last year




1
     The statistical data of community investment and investment in targeted poverty alleviation is of Jiangsu Hansoh.

                                                                                              2019 Annual Report         111
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report



                   Major Honors


      Jiangsu Hansoh

      •    won “R&D-driven Pharmaceutical Companies in China” ( 中國醫藥研發產品線最佳工業企業 ) for
           consecutive years

      •    was awarded “National Green Factory” (國家級綠色工廠) by the Ministry of Industry and Information
           Technology

      •    received the “2019 Green Enterprise Management Award” (2019年度綠色企業管理獎)

      •    was granted “Jiangsu Provincial May Day Labor Award” by Jiangsu Provincial Federation of Trade
           Unions (江蘇省五一勞動獎狀)

      1A   GLIMPSE OF HANSOH PHARMA

      1.1 Corporate Overview

           Company name:       Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company Limited (翰森製藥集團有限公司)

           Stock Code:         3692

           Headquartered in:   Lianyungang, Jiangsu

           Operating sites:    The Group has 2 research
                               and development centers in
                               Lianyungang and Zhangjiang,
                               Shanghai, 1 active
                               pharmaceutical ingredient
                               production base and 2
                               pharmaceutical production
                               bases in Lianyungang, and 1
                               production base in Changzhou.




112   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


  Our corporate culture and values



                                              Core values
                                              Responsibility,
                                           integrity, hard work
                                             and innovation             Corporate vision
              Corporate mission                                       Optimizing Chinese
              Serving society and                                       medicines, and
              building up health                                       strengthening the
                                                                      brand of “Created in
                                                                            China”




  Our business

  The Group is one of the leading research and development-driven pharmaceutical companies in the
  People’s Republic of China (the “PRC” or “China”), devoting itself to meet the unmet clinical needs
  of patients and improve the health and well-being of human beings through continuing innovation.

  The Company has established a leading position in some of the largest and fastest-growing
  therapeutic areas in the PRC with significant unmet clinical needs, including central nervous system
  (“CNS”) diseases, oncology, anti-infectives and diabetes. The core driving force of the Company is
  its focus on innovation. The Company has continuously increased its investments in research and
  development (“R&D”) over the years, established a sound R&D platform and mastered a number
  of proprietary technologies. It has successfully launched and developed a series of innovative
  drugs and first-to-market generic drugs. During the year under review, the Company successfully
  launched seven new drugs in total, including two innovative drugs, Fulaimei (polyethylene glycol
  loxenatide for injection) and Hansoh Xinfu (flumatinib mesylate).

  The Company attaches great importance to product quality. It has maintained the advanced nature
  of its production quality system through overseas certification, while at the same time constantly
  expanding the business pipeline of its principal businesses. In addition, it continues to introduce
  advanced management concepts and tools to improve the overall operation efficiency of the Group.
  As the innovative drugs are approved for marketing from time to time, the Company devotes efforts
  to improve its professional marketing capability and increase the understanding and knowledge of
  medical professionals regarding the innovative drugs.




                                                                      Gastrointestinal     Cardiovascular
       CNS            Oncology      Anti-infectives        Diabetes
                                                                          system              system




                                                                                         2019 Annual Report   113
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


          Development history

       Hansoh Development Footprint




                                                                                                                  In June 2011,
                                                                                                                  the construction of the
                                                                                                                  principal part of our new
                                 In March 2002, we were recognized                  In March 2007, the            pharmaceutical industrial
                                 as a Key High and New-Technology                   opening ceremony of           park was completed.
                                 Enterprise of the National Torch Program           our Postdoctoral Program
                                 (國家火炬計劃重點高新技術企業).                                  Workstation was held
        In July 1995,
                                 In March 2002, we obtained Chinese
                                                                                    (博士後科研工作站).                       2011
        Jiangsu Hansoh
        was established.         GMP certifications for the production              2007
                                 of large volume parenteral solutions.




            1995                           2002                                                                   2008

                                                                                    2005                       In October 2008, we were
                                                                                                               was certified as a National
                       2000                                                         In July 2005, we were      Enterprise Technology Center
                                                                                    ranked top 20 in the       (國家級企業技術中心).
                           In July 2000, we
                           launched our first GMP         2003                      2005 Forbes list of
                                                                                    Chinese enterprises
                           manufacturing facility.        In October 2003, our
                                                                                    with potential
                                                          active pharmaceutical
                                                                                    (2005年福布斯中國
                                                          ingredient, vinorelbine
                                                                                    最具潛力企業排行榜).
                                                          tartrate, was approved
                                                          by the FDA.




114   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
            Environmental, Social and Governance Report



                                                    In December 2017, we were was recognized
                                                    as one of the “Top 100 Most Powerful                   In January 2019, the construction
                                                    Chinese Chemical and Pharmaceutical                    of the principal part of Changzhou
                                                    Industrial Enterprises in 2017” (2017中國                Hengbang Phase I was completed.
                                                    化學製藥行業工業企業綜合實力百強),
                                                                                                           In May 2019, polyethylene
                                                    “Chinese Chemical and Pharmaceutical
                                                                                                           glycol loxenatide for injection
                                                    Industry Innovative and Excellent Enterprises
                                                                                                           (Fulaimei), a national Category 1.1
                                                    in 2017” (2017中國化學製藥行業創新
                                                                                                           innovative drug, was
                                                    型優秀企業品牌) and “Chinese Chemical and
                                                                                                           approved for marketing.
                                                    Pharmaceutical Industry Excellent Integration
                                                    Enterprises in 2017” (2017中國化學製藥行業                     In June 2019, our investment
In May 2013, our                                    兩化融合推進優秀企業品牌)by the China                              holding entity Hansoh Pharma
pharmaceutical products                             Pharmaceutical Industry Association                    was listed in Hong Kong
Zefei and Gainuo were                               (中國化學製藥工業協會).                                          (stock code: 03692).
approved by the FDA.
                                                                                                           In November 2019, flumatinib
In December 2013, we                                                                                       mesylate (Hansoh Xinfu),
were awarded with the                   In December 2015, we were                                          a national Category 1.1 innovative
State Science and Technology            was recognized as an Intellectual                                  drug, was approved for marketing.
Award (second prize)                    Property Advantageous
(國家科技進步二等獎) for our                     Enterprise (國家知識產權優勢企業)                                                           2019
new oncology drug
gemcitabine hydrochloride
                                        by the State Intellectual Property
                                        Office of China (國家知識產權局).
                                                                                  2017
for injection (Zefei).



     2013                                              2015


                  2014                                                                              2018
                                                                                              In February 2018, Hansoh received
       In March 2014, our self-developed                                                      “Jiangsu Provincial Quality Award”
       national Category 1.1 innovative                      2016                             (江蘇省質量獎) from the
       drug Mailingda (morinidazole sodium                                                    People’s Government of
       chlorider injection), the third generation           In January 2016,
                                                            Pulaile (pemetrexed               Jiangsu Province (江蘇省人民政府).
       nitroimidazole-class antibiotic,
       was approved for sale in China.                      disodium for injection)           In August 2018, Hansoh ranked
                                                            was approved by                   second in the top 20 for
       In November 2014, we received the                    the Japanese PMDA.                “R&D-driven pharmaceutical
       Golden Prize of the WIPO-SIPO Award                                                    companies in China”
       for Chinese Outstanding Patented                                                       (2018年中國醫藥研發產品線
       Invention & Industrial Design (專利金獎)                                                   最佳工業企業).
       for the preparation of our new oncology
       drug gemcitabine hydrochloride for
       injection (Zefei).

       In December 2014, we were awarded
       with the State Science and Technology
       Award (second prize) (國家科技進步二等獎)
       for our new antipsychotic drug olanzapine
       tablets (Oulanning).




                                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report         115
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      1.2 Our Social Responsibility Concepts and Management

          Corporate social responsibility concepts

          As a pharmaceutical enterprise, we are committed to the R&D and manufacturing of drugs for
          urgent clinical needs, in a bid to reduce the threat to human health from diseases and constantly
          prolong life expectancy and improve the life quality of patients. Meanwhile, we take active measures
          in regard to quality control, environmental protection, human rights and labor relations, as well as
          charity, showcasing our mission and responsibility.


          • Strictly implement the Good Supply Practice for
            Pharmaceutical Products, and continue to             Product                          • Strictly protect the legitimate rights and
            develop safe and economical drugs with more                            Employee
            curative effect, whereby enabling patients to      and service                          interests of employees, attach importance
                                                                                 responsibility     to employee development, and build
            have easier access to state-of-the-art drugs      responsibility                        harmonious and friendly labor relations
          • By upholding the business philosophy of
            “professional marketing and benefiting the
            general medical specialists and patients”,
            render responsible services to customers
                                                                           Serving
                                                                         society and
                                                                         building up
                                                                            health



          • Practice the concepts of environmental                                                • Focus on medical assistance, student aid
            protection, low carbon and energy-saving in
                                                              Environmental       Community         and poverty alleviation, proactively
            each process such as product and technology       responsibility     responsibility     carrying out charity activities to contribute
            design, production and waste treatment                                                  to society




116   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


    Analysis and management of material topics

    In accordance with the ESG Reporting Guide of the HKEx and the GRI Standards, and considering
    the business characteristics of the Group, we have identified and summarized 14 material topics on
    social responsibility in relation to operation of the Group.

    Based on the practice of industry comparables and expert advice, we have sorted the 14 material
    topics to obtain the matrix of material topics. The Report provides response to and disclosure of
    each material topic.


         Topic identification
                                          High                                                                  Employee development            Product and
      To identify environmental, social                                                                         and training                    service responsibility
      and governance topics in                                                                                  Use of resources
                                                                                                                                                Product R&D
      accordance with the ESG                                                                                   Climate change mitigation       and innovation
      Reporting Guide of the HKEx                                                                               and adaptation
                                                                                                                                                Supply chain
      and the GRI Standards.                                                                                    Pollution prevention




                                          Importance on stakeholders
                                                                                                                                                management
                                                                                                                and control                     Protection of rights
                                                                                                                                                and interests of
                                                                                                                                                customers
                 Sorting                                                                                                                        Operational
                                                                             Rights and interests and benefits of employees                     compliance
                                                                                                                                                Anti-corruption
                                                                             Health and safety of employees
      To sort the topics and screen 14
      topics in relation to company                                          Community and charity                                     High materiality
      operation based on the practice                                        Targeted poverty alleviation
      of domestic and overseas                                               Protection of customer/consumer information and privacy
      industry comparables and actual
      operations of the Company.                                                     Medium materiality


              Verification

      To further screen highly material
      topics by seeking expert advice,
      and focus on responding to them     Low
      in the Report.
                                                                       Low           Importance on business                                               High

2   OPERATIONAL COMPLIANCE

    Corporate operation and development are based on the compliance with laws and regulations and
    business ethics. We implement the concepts of compliance with laws in each stage of production
    and operation, build a culture of compliance, take anti-corruption measures, and respect and
    protect intellectual property rights, ensuring that each task can be carried out in a compliant and
    responsible manner.

2.1 Anti-corruption and Business Ethics

    The Group formulated Business Ethics and Code of Conduct (商業道德及行為準則), stipulating the
    prohibition of non-compliance conducts such as corruption and bribery, and formulated specific
    compliance requirements on various business promotion activities, meetings and donation.

    We set up a compliance department and built three lines of defense including “risk bearer
    (i.e. marketing personnel), compliance forefront (i.e. business partner) and risk manager (i.e.
    compliance department and management)” (風險所有方（即營銷人員)、合規前沿（即業務夥伴)、
    風險管理方（即合規部與管理層 )) and strengthen the compliance awareness of employees by
    compliance risk assessment and control, third-party due diligence and compliance training. In
    addition, we set up complaint hotlines and mailboxes for internal control and audit department and
    compliance department, and arranged specialists for verifying and investigating the complaints.


                                                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report           117
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


                                  Abstract of Business Ethics and Code of Conduct

          Article 10 Anti-bribery and anti-corruption

          10.1 Management personnel and employees of Hansoh Pharma and other persons act on behalf of
               Hansoh Pharma shall not offer, pay or accept bribes.

          10.2 Actions taken on behalf of Hansoh Pharma shall be guaranteed to be justified and will not be
               misunderstood if they are made public. To this end, the following aspects requiring particular
               attention: relationship with third parties, visits to and inspections on Hansoh Pharma,
               arrangements of marketing activities, contact and communication with and entertainment of
               medical professionals (execution subject to Chapter II and Chapter III of this Code).

          10.3 All employees of Hansoh Pharma are obliged to report all bribery and corruption issues that
               have occurred or may occur.

          Article 11 Fair trade and competition

          11.1 Hansoh Pharma adheres to the philosophy of fair and legal competitions, and strictly abides
               by the applicable competition laws.

          11.2 Issues like competition and anti-monopoly may arise from the contacts with competitors or the
               relations with their suppliers and customers. In case of breaching the Anti-Monopoly Law and
               the Anti-Unfair Competition Law, the Company and relevant responsible personnel will have
               to undertake the resulting legal liabilities, including criminal and administrative punishment
               and civil compensation. Therefore, the following acts of unfair competition that have violated
               or may violate laws such as the Anti-Monopoly Law and the Anti-Unfair Competition Law are
               prohibited:

               a)    Discuss about prices with competitors;

               b)    Reach agreements with competitors to control prices, carve up the market and
                     manipulate bids;

               c)    Try to hinder other competitors’ access to the market;

               d)    Eliminate competition; and

               e)    Adopt “predatory” pricing strategies where prices are lower than costs.




118   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


                 Main measures for compliance risk assessment and management

  Category                     Main content

  Assessment and control of    •     Assessing the compliance risks in respect of procurement,
    internal risk positions          engineering and marketing to determine the high-risk positions
                               •     Organizing pre-job and on-the-job compliance trainings for
                                     employees at high-risk positions, and signing compliance
                                     undertakings with them

  Third-party due diligence    •     Inquiring the compliance issues of key suppliers and customers
                                     through platforms such as TianYanCha.com, yarnn.com,
                                     wenshu.court.gov.cn, etc.
                               •     Tracking the data of customers through riskraider.com on a
                                     monthly basis to provide in advance warning of material risks in
                                     real-time

  Compliance training

  On December 13, 2019, our compliance
  department organized a compliance training on
  “publicity and implementation of compliance in
  business activities” for our medical consultants,
  emphasizing operational compliance in business
  practices and its importance, and strengthening
  operational compliance of medical consultants in
  business activities.




                                                                                2019 Annual Report      119
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      2.2 Management and Protection of Intellectual Property Rights

          The Group respects the intellectual property rights and formulates a guiding principle of
          “increasing the awareness and consolidating the foundation of intellectual property rights, and
          spearheading drug innovation in China” (強化知識產權意識、夯實知識產權基礎，做中國創新藥
          物的領跑者) on intellectual property. Additionally, the Group has formulated Measures for Patent
          Work of Research Institutes (研究院專利工作辦法) and Administrative Measures on Protection for
          Technical Achievements of Research Institutes (研究院技術成果保護管理辦法), standardizing the
          requirements and workflow of protection for patents, and formulates Tracking of Legal Status of
          Patent Projects and Operating Instruction on Early Warning (項目專利法律狀態跟蹤與預警操作規程)
          to control various risks of the intellectual property rights of each project.

          Jiangsu Hansoh passed the GBT 29490-2013 management system certification for intellectual
          property rights, and was granted the title of “Intellectual Property Right Model Enterprise in China”
          (國家知識產權示範企業).

                         Table of Key Quantitative Performance of Operational Compliance

          Performance indicator                   Unit                    2017           2018           2019

          Number of closed cases on
           corruption filed against the
           issuer or its employees
           during the reporting period            Case                        0              0              0
          Number of persons participating in
           anti-corruption training               Person                 1,107          2,976          5,239
          Number of subsidiaries conducting
           corruption risk assessment             Subsidiary                  3              4              4

          The Group has strictly obeyed laws and regulations in all respects of production and operation.
          It did not violate laws or regulations and was not subject to any penalty by regulatory authorities
          during the year of 2019.




120   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


    Main laws and regulations and standards followed by the Group in production and operation

  Category            Laws and regulations followed

  Anti-corruption     Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the PRC (中華人民共和國反不正當競爭法 ),
                      Advertising Law of the PRC (中華人民共和國廣告法), Interim Provisions on
                      Banning Commercial Bribery (關於禁止商業賄賂行為的暫行規定), etc.

  Protection of       Patent Law of the PRC (中華人民共和國專利法), Rules for the Implementation
    intellectual      of the Patent Law of the PRC (中華人民共和國專利法實施細則), Guidelines for
    property rights   Patent Examination (專利審查指南), Civil Procedure Law (民事訴訟法), Anti-
                      Unfair Competition Law (反不當競爭法), etc.

  Product quality     Drug Administration Law of the PRC (中華人民共和國藥品管理法), Rules for
                      the Implementation of the Drug Administration Law of the PRC (中華人民共和
                      國藥品管理法實施條例), Good Manufacturing Practice (“GMP”) (藥品生產質量
                      管理規範), Good Supply Practice (GSP) (藥品經營質量管理規範), Good Clinical
                      Practice (GCP) (藥品臨床試驗質量管理規範), Good Laboratory Practice (GLP)
                      (藥品非臨床研究質量管理規範), Measures for the Administration of Drug Recall
                      (藥品召回管理辦法), Provisions on the Administration of Drug Instructions and
                      Labels (藥品說明書和標籤管理規定), ICH Guidelines, EU-GMP, U.S. Food and
                      Drug Administration’s Code of Federal Regulations Title 21 (US 21 CFR), etc.

  Responsible         Drug Administration Law of the PRC (中華人民共和國藥品管理法), Rules for the
    marketing         Implementation of the Drug Administration Law of the PRC (中華人民共和國藥
                      品管理法實施條例), Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the PRC (中華人民共和國
                      反不正當競爭法), Advertising Law of the PRC (中華人民共和國廣告法), Interim
                      Provisions on Banning Commercial Bribery (關於禁止商業賄賂行為的暫行規定),
                      etc.

  Customer privacy    Anti-Unfair Competition Law (反不正當競爭法), Contract Law (合同法), Criminal
    protection        L a w ( 刑法 ) , C y b e r s e c u r i t y L a w o f t h e P R C ( 中華人民共和國網絡安全法 ) ,
                      Cryptography Law (密碼法), etc.

  Employment          Labor Law of the PRC (中華人民共和國勞動法), Labor Contract Law of the PRC
                      (中華人民共和國勞動合同法), Law of the PRC on Work Safety (中華人民共和國
                      安全生產法), Fire Protection Law of the PRC (中華人民共和國消防法), Law of
                      the PRC on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases (中華人民共和國
                      職業病防治法), Regulations of Jiangsu Province on Work Safety (江蘇省安全生
                      產條例), Regulations of Jiangsu Province on Firefighting and Prevention (江蘇
                      省消防條例), etc.

  Pollution           Integrated Emission Standards of Air Pollutants (大氣污染物綜合排放標準),
    prevention        Standards for Fugitive Emission of Volatile Organic Compounds (2019) (2019
    and control       年揮發性有機物無組織排放控制標準), Discharge Standards of Water Pollutants
                      for Pharmaceutical Industry Chemical Synthesis Products Category (化學合成
                      類製藥工業水污染物排放標準), Wastewater Quality Standards for Discharge
                      to Municipal Sewers (污水排入城鎮下水管道水質標準), Emission Standards
                      of Pollutants for Petroleum Chemistry Industry (石油化學工業污染物排放標
                      準), Emission Standards of Air Pollutants for Pharmaceutical Industry (2019)
                      (2019年製藥工業大氣污染物排放標準), Emission Standards of Volatile Organic
                      Compounds for Chemical Industry of Jiangsu Province (江蘇省化學工業揮發性
                      有機物排放標準), etc.


                                                                                 2019 Annual Report       121
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      3   PREMIUM PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

          As a leading drug R&D and production enterprise in China, providing more and better drugs to
          benefit patients is not only the development lifeline of the Group, but also an important orientation
          for us to serve the society. Through constant R&D and innovation and adhering to high-standard
          quality management, we are committed to providing high-quality products in the CNS disease,
          oncology, anti-infective and diabetes fields with a huge clinical demand gap in the market in China,
          and benefiting both patients and society.

      3.1 Product Quality Management

          Quality Management System

          The drug production line of the Group strictly complies with the GMP, and the Group has formulated
          management regulations and Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) (標準作業程序) for such
          aspects as production management, quality management, storage management, utility management,
          equipment management, and safety and environmental management. Meanwhile, we adhere to the
          quality policy of “all staff, whole process and continuous improvement” (全員、全過程、持續改進)
          to manage and control the health and safety risks of products in all processes from product R&D
          and production to marketing, covering the whole life cycle of drugs and ensuring the quality and
          safety of drugs.

          Certified by ISO9001 quality management system

          Scope of certification: production of tablets, lyophilized powder for injection (including oncology
          injections) and small volume injections (non-terminal sterilization, including oncology injections) of
          the Administrative R&D Center (No.9, Dongjin Road) and the Pharmaceutical Production Division
          (No.5, Dongjin Road)

                                            Whole-process drug quality and safety management



                             R&D                                   Production                                  Marketing
            • To conduct clinical trials to test the    • To strictly test the quality of raw       • To establish a product complaint and
              quality effects and adverse reactions       materials                                   recall system to monitor the problems
              of drugs                                                                                in respect of the quality, adverse
                                                                                                      reactions and service after products
                                                        • To strictly follow the approved             are sold
                                                          production and technology process

                                                        • To strictly test the product quality so
                                                          that products can only be sold after
                                                          passing the test and being released

                                                        • To manage and monitor the auxiliary
                                                          system used in the production process




122   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


  Quality testing

  In consideration of drug safety for patients and in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
  GMP, the Group upholds the principle of “not inputting nonconforming materials and intermediates
  and not delivering nonconforming products” (不合格物料、中間體不准投料，不合格成品不准出廠)
  in quality testing and management, and has formulated corresponding sampling procedures, quality
  standards and inspection operation specifications for materials, intermediates and end products.

                   Quality testing process of materials, intermediates and finished products

   Materials and       Receive test objects                            QC testing:                                                              Put into
   intermediates                                                                                                                               production
                       ●
                           Receive test objects                        ●
                                                                           Test the samples                         QA             QA
                       ●
                           Issue testing records                       ●
                                                                           Fill in and return testing records   confirmation     release
    End products                                                                                                                                 Sales
                       ●
                           Receive, use and return test objects        ●
                                                                           Issue a test report




  Besides, we have clearly stipulated in the Nonconforming Product Handling Procedure (不合格品處
  理規程) that “nonconforming preparation products cannot be reworked or reprocessed in general”
  (不合格的制劑產品一般不得進行返工或重新加工). Instead, we isolate nonconforming products or
  take other effective control measures, and stick clear status labels so that they can be destroyed or
  returned.

  Quality and safety training

  Ensuring the quality and safety of drugs requires the joint efforts of all employees. Therefore,
  we attach great importance to improving employees’ quality and safety awareness and abilities,
  regularly carry out quality and safety training, which covers GMP knowledge, relevant laws and
  regulations, as well as management systems in such aspects as production, quality, storage, safety
  and environment, and we also reinforce the training effect by carrying out full staff examination.

  Product recall system

  Pursuant to the provisions of the Administrative Measures for Drug Recalls (Decree No. 29 of the
  SFDA) (藥品召回管理辦法（局令第29號)) issued by the former State Food and Drug Administration
  (SFDA) (原國家食品藥品監督管理局), China GMP, EU GMP and US 21 CFR and other laws and
  regulations, the Group has established the drug recall management procedures, and conducts a
  mock recall in the domestic market once a year and that in the overseas market every two years to
  avoid or minimize the occurrence of drug quality accidents and reduce the possible harm to human
  health and life safety caused by drugs with potential safety hazards. The Group did not recall any
  products due to product quality and safety problems during the year of 2019.

                                                                  Product recall process


         Sales Dept:                                   Quality Dept:                                Storage Dept:                      Technical/
                                                                                                                                    Production Dept:

   To make statistics of                     To inform the drug                             To receive the recalled            To evaluate the impact
   sales information, send                   administration                                 products and isolate               jointly with Quality
   notices to customers                      department and submit                          and store them                     Assurance (QA), investigate
   and call back sold                        the investigation and                          according to the recall            the cause of quality
   products                                  evaluation report and                          plan                               accident, and determine
                                             the recall plan                                                                   the corrective and
                                                                                                                               preventive measures




                                                                                                                                  2019 Annual Report         123
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


                           Table of Key Quantitative Performance of Product Responsibilities

          Performance Indicator                                               Unit                                    2019

          Total number of violations of laws and regulations in health,
            safety and labelling of products and services provided /                                                         0

          Amount of sold or shipped products that need to be
           called back due to safety and health reasons                       RMB0’ 000                                      0

          Note: The statistical caliber for key quantitative performance of product responsibilities is of Jiangsu Hansoh.

      3.2 Supplier Management

          Supplier management is crucial for guaranteeing stable production and product quality. According
          to the impact on product quality, we classify suppliers into category A material suppliers (active
          pharmaceutical ingredients, excipients, and packaging materials), category B material suppliers
          (non-key excipients, chemical reagents for production, sterile gloves, etc.), and category C material
          suppliers (auxiliary tools for production without direct contact with products such as laboratory
          glassware, chromatographic columns, reagents, etc.). We select suppliers based on the principles of
          “legality, high quality, designated location, proximity, economy, timeliness and green environmental
          protection”, and have formulated the Supplier Confirmation and Management Procedures (供應
          商的確認與管理程序) and the Supplier Management Manual (供應商管理手冊) to standardize the
          supplier category management and supplier code of conduct.

                         Summary of supplier code of conduct in Supplier Management Manual

          Provisions of the supplier code of conduct on the environmental, labor and other social
          responsibilities of suppliers:

          3.1.2 on environmental management: The supplier shall implement environmental policies to ensure
                that all operation and production processes meet the requirements of relevant standards, laws
                and regulations, and implement basic environmental factors management to continuously
                improve the environmental performance;

          3.1.3 on social responsibility: The supplier shall ensure that all the operation and production
                processes comply with relevant standards, laws and regulations, and the management needs
                to ensure that its social responsibility system is in place and the supplier shall support and
                respect internationally recognized human right requirements, respect the right to establish
                and join the trade union, guarantee fair opportunities, and comply with all the prevailing laws
                and industry requirements related to the employment, working hours and adequate salaries
                provided to employees. It is prohibited to employ child labor or support such behavior, or use
                such means as forced labor, torture, punishment and discrimination.

          In the stage of supplier introduction, we carry out a questionnaire survey on new suppliers, covering
          multiple aspects such as quality management, environmental management, social responsibility,
          occupational health and safety management, and service delivery time. For existing suppliers,
          we sign a supply quality agreement with them, and put forward requirements in respect of their
          social responsibilities, safety and environmental protection. Moreover, the Group strengthens
          routine management of suppliers by carrying out supplier audit, supplier evaluation, supplier
          communication, etc., and trains the purchasing personnel according to the Supplier Management
          Manual (供應商管理手冊) so as to enhance their focus on the supplier’s environmental and social
          responsibilities.



124   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


                                     Supplier management measures

  Supplier Audit                         Supplier Evaluation                      Supplier Communication

  •    Object: suppliers of              •      Object: qualified                 •     Initiate an annual
       categories A and B                       suppliers                               discussion forum with
       materials                                                                        suppliers
  •    Frequency: conduct an             •      Frequency: once a year
       on-site audit on category
       A material suppliers every
       three years and written
       audit on category B
       material suppliers every
       five years
  •    Content: supplier                 •      Content: supplier change,
       qualification certificate,               supplier qualification and
       production capacity,                     agreement validity
       quality assurance system,
       rectification of previous
       problems, etc.

  For unqualified suppliers, we actively procure them to take corrective measures, and review whether
  they have improved. If they fail to meet relevant requirements, they will be disqualified.

                   Table of Key Quantitative Performance of Supplier Management

  Performance Indicator                                             Unit                                   2019

  Total suppliers                                                   /                                     4,890
  Number of suppliers in Chinese Mainland                           /                                     4,721
  Number of suppliers overseas and in Hong Kong,
    Macao and Taiwan                                                /                                        169
  Number of suppliers carrying out environmental
    impact assessment 1                                             /                                        210
  Number of suppliers carrying out social
    impact assessment 1                                             /                                       210
  Proportion of local procurement 2                                 %                                     23.96
  Percentage of purchasers who have received
    sustainable procurement training                                %                                        100
  Percentage of suppliers who have signed the sustainable
    procurement charter/supplier code of conduct                    %                                         93

  Notes:

  1.   The number of suppliers carrying out environmental impact assessment and social impact assessment,
       and the percentage of suppliers who have signed the sustainable procurement charter/supplier code of
       conduct are only counted among the material suppliers who have signed a quality agreement.

  2.   Proportion of local procurement = Amount of procurement expenditure to local suppliers/Total amount of
       procurement expenditure.

  3.   The statistical caliber of total suppliers is of the Group, and that of other supplier management indicators
       is of Jiangsu Hansoh.




                                                                                           2019 Annual Report         125
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      3.3 Quality Service

          Responsible marketing

          The Group’s products are all prescription drugs, which do not involve product advertising. We do
          not directly promote drugs to patients, but improve the doctors’ and other healthcare professionals’
          understanding of the use, clinical efficacy and advantages of drugs through clinical data-oriented
          academic promotion activities. The instructions and outer packages of the drugs we produce have
          been put on record by the National Medical Products Administration.

          The Group conducts pre-job training on corporate culture and marketing-related system
          management for the marketing personnel, and signs the Compliance Responsibility Letter (合規責
          任書) with them to standardize marketing behaviors and strengthen their awareness of responsible
          marketing.

          In addition, our sales market includes overseas markets such as the United States, Japan, Europe,
          Southeast Asia, the Middle East and Latin America. The Group carries out drug registration in
          accordance with the requirements of food and drug supervision laws and regulations in each
          market, implements strict evaluation on overseas cooperative customers, including the qualifications
          and standardization of their sales behaviours such as local promotion, distribution, and delivery,
          and signs confidentiality agreements, cooperation agreements and quality agreements with overseas
          cooperative customers to regulate their sales behaviors and guarantee the legal compliance of the
          Group’s sales behaviours in overseas markets.

          Customer satisfaction and complaint management

          We focus on customer needs and regularly monitor customer satisfaction to make improvement.
          Our customer satisfaction was 87.90% during the year of 2019. In addition, we have formulated the
          User Complaint Investigation and Handling Procedures (用戶投訴調查處理程序) to standardize the
          user complaint handling process and handle customer complaints timely and accurately.

                                      Customer complaint handling process


                                              Initial                                                 Complaint
                Complaint
                                         assessment and                 Report to                 investigation and
              reporting and
                                         classification of           qualified person                  impact
                receiving
                                           complaints                                                assessment




                 Close                      Complaint                    Reply to
               complaint                                                                             Complaint
                                             handling                    users or
                handling                                                                              handling
                                             tracking                 initiate recall




126   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


  Customer privacy protection

  The Group will have access to customers’ privacy and trade secrets of cooperative customers in the
  process of business development. We attach great importance to the protection of customer privacy.
  We have established an Information Security Committee to directly handle information security
  related reports, and strengthen data security and customer privacy protection through information
  system risk assessment, signing of confidentiality agreements and cooperation agreements, training,
  etc.

                                  Customer privacy protection measures

  Measure                         Description

  Information system              To carry out security risk assessment on such aspects as physical
    risk assessment               security, network security, host security, application security, data
                                  security and backup recovery, security management system, security
                                  management organization, personnel security management, system
                                  construction management, and system operation and maintenance
                                  management on the Cloud Class Enterprise Talent Development Service
                                  Platform (雲學堂企業人才發展服務平台) to ensure security of system
                                  operation

  Signing of confidentiality      To sign confidentiality agreements and cooperation agreements with
    agreements and                partners, and clarify in contracts the rights and obligations regarding
    cooperation agreements        customer privacy data or data protection

  Training                        To conduct irregular training on customer privacy protection for new
                                  employees and on-the-job marketing personnel. In September 2019,
                                  the Group carried out law popularization training for relevant personnel
                                  of the Business Division, covering training on basic knowledge such as
                                  business confidentiality, compliance obligations and legal liabilities for
                                  breach of confidentiality obligations

                  Table of Key Quantitative Performance of Customer Responsibilities

  Performance Indicator                                              Unit                                   2019

  Total of violations in marketing promotion                         /                                           0
  Total of violations in customer privacy                            /                                           0
  Number of received complaints about
    products and services                                            /                                         15
  Total of complaints on confirmed violation of
    customer privacy and loss of customer information                /                                           0

  Note: The statistical caliber for key quantitative performance of customer complaints and privacy protection is of
        Jiangsu Hansoh.




                                                                                            2019 Annual Report         127
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      4   RESPONSIBILITY FOR EMPLOYEE DEVELOPMENT

          Human resources are valuable assets of an enterprise. The Group, adhering to the people-
          oriented philosophy, has been committed to protecting legitimate rights and interests of employees,
          establishing sound internal communication mechanisms for them, and ensuring their occupational
          health and safety. Meanwhile, we focus on the career training and development of employees, and
          devote ourselves to expanding promotion channels and creating a harmonious and peaceful work
          atmosphere for employees.

      4.1 Protection and Caring for Employees ’ Rights

          Employment

          The Group has established Recruitment Management System (招聘管理制度) and Attendance
          Management System (考勤管理制度) to regulate the management of employment, hours of work and
          vacations of employees. In addition, we conduct anti-harassment training for employees and make
          rules on anti-harassment and anti-discrimination in the Employee Handbook (員工手冊).

                                 Anti-discrimination Rules of Employee Handbook

          √    Give equal opportunities to men and women, and prohibit denying employment opportunities
               to a candidate because of gender
          √    Prohibit denying employment opportunities to a female candidate based on her marital or
               childbearing status
          √    Prohibit denying employment opportunities to a candidate based on nationality
          √    Prohibit denying employment opportunities to a candidate because he/she has a physical
               defect that does not affect the his/her normal work performance




128   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


                    Overview of Policies on Employment and Employee’s Rights

  Recruitment,
  Layoff and Promotion             Hours of Work and Vocations        Remuneration and Benefits

  √    Recruitment Principles:     √    Hours of Work：                √    Social Insurance: Pay social
       Prohibit employment              Encourage employees                insurance contributions for
       o f c h i l d l a b o r ,        to efficiently finish their        all employees on time and
       oppose employment                work within 8 hours.               as required by policies, and
       discrimination, and treat        Working overtime is                maintain accident insurance
       every applicant and              discouraged, and the               policies for active employees
       employee equally                 overtime working shall             (and their children with
                                        not exceed 36 hours                eligibility), interns, and
  √    L a y o f f : H u m a n          a month. After the                 rehired employees after
       resources Department,            working overtime, the              retirement
       in accordance with               company w i l l arrange
       Employee Handbook (員             rest days or pay              √    Remuneration: Follow the
       工手冊), gives a written            overtime premiums.                 concept of “Pay for job value,
       notice to the employee           The pay for extended               pay for job performance and
       and his/her department           working hours on                   pay for personal ability” (為
       30 days ahead, arranges          working days and                   崗位價值付薪，為業績貢獻
       work handover and                working overtime on                付薪和個人能力付薪 ) when
       other resignation                public holidays is                 paying remunerations, and
       procedures, issues               calculated based on                make salary adjustment plan
       Resignation Proofs (離            2 times of the base                on a regular basis
       職證明) and Termination             salary, and that for
       of Employment Contract           statutory holidays is         √    Incentives: Provide employee
       ( 解 除 勞 動 合 同 協 議                based on 3 times of the            equity incentives for
       書), and pays monetary            base salary.                       executives, core management
       compensation.                                                       and technical staff
                                   √    Vacations: The vacation
  √    Promotion Channels: Job          days are consistent           √    Benefits: working lunch,
       promotion, technical             with national holidays,            shuttle bus, holiday
       hierarchical promotion,          and the paid annual                allowance, travel allowance,
       job and technology               vocation days comply               youth apartments, education
       interconnection                  with the national                  and training, company
       management                       provisions on paid                 travel, medical care and
                                        annual vacation days               scholarships for employees’
                                        linked to the cumulative           children, employee mutual
                                        working hours                      funds, group accident
                                                                           insurance for employees,
                                                                           comprehensive insurance for
                                                                           employees’ children, etc.




                                                                                   2019 Annual Report       129
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


          Employee Communication and Care

          The Group puts emphasis on communication with employees. It has established the function of Staff
          Representative Assembly, and provides employees with diversified communication channels through
          two-way active communications initiated by employees and enterprise respectively to maintain
          smooth communication between the Group and our employees.

          During the year of 2019, Jiangsu Hansoh organized the Staff Representative Assembly to discuss
          the addition of union members, re-election of the union president, change of the chairman of
          mutual fund committee, and classification of major diseases for the mutual fund, and approved
          the Classification of Major Diseases of Mutual Fund (互助基金大病分類分級). Furthermore, Jiangsu
          Hansoh entered into collective agreements with employees, such as the Collectively Negotiated
          Contract for Wages (工資集體協商合同書), the Special Collective Contract for Occupational Safety
          and Hygiene (勞動安全衛生專項集體合同), and the Special Collective Contract for Special Protection
          of Female Employees (女職工特殊保護專項集體合同), and was awarded the “3-Star Enterprise for
          Collective Negotiation” (集體協商三星企業).

                                 Employee Communication Approaches and Channels

          Communication
          approaches                  Communication channels

          Communication               •   Suggestion box: The Group has adopted the mailbox of President,
            initiated by employees        the information from which will be regularly collected and
                                          sorted out by relevant departments and then be reported to the
                                          management for processing, and the responses will be displayed in
                                          public
                                      •   Employee hotline: The Group has set up an employee hotline, and
                                          the Labor Union will record questions or claims from employees,
                                          and follow up to handle them in a timely manner

          Communication               •   Organizing symposiums: including female employees symposiums,
            initiated by enterprise       youth representative assembly, party congresses, veteran
                                          symposiums, senior employee symposiums, etc., to listen to
                                          suggestions from employees
                                      •   Collecting rational suggestions on special topics: Organizing
                                          activities such as rational suggestions collection, Six-Little-
                                          Things labor competitions (i.e. competitions on reform, invention,
                                          design, suggestion, savings and tips), and technical improvement
                                          campaigns every year to encourage employees to provide
                                          suggestions for the development of the Company
                                      •   Questionnaire survey on employee satisfaction: Conduct
                                          questionnaire survey on employee satisfaction among all employees
                                          every year, and implement improvement measures according to
                                          employees’ advice




130   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


  The Group advocates work-life balance, and organizes various forms of cultural and sports activities
  by establishing employee cultural and sports association, art troupes, choirs, dance crew, table
  tennis & badminton association, basketball association, and fishing association. In 2019, the
  Group launched a dozen of campaigns including choral competitions, painting, calligraphy and
  photography competitions and ball competitions, attracting more than 2,000 participants. Also, the
  Group carried out employee care activities for groups such as employees in need, female employees
  and senior employees.

                                      Employee Care Events

  Category                   Events

  Caring for                 •    Established the Employee Mutual Fund (職工互助基金會) of the
    employees in need             Group to help employees in need. During the year of 2019, the
                                  Fund had appropriated RMB1.21 million to fund 270 person-times
                             •    Visited and expressed sympathy to poverty-stricken employees and
                                  retired employees because of illness during the Spring Festival,
                                  and provided them with targeted services such as living allowances
                                  of RMB400-600/month/person. During the year of 2019, a total of
                                  RMB14,400 was granted to 2 poverty-stricken employees and an
                                  allowance of RMB9,600 was paid to 2 retired employees because
                                  of illness

  Caring for                 •    Set up healthcare rooms for female employees
    female employees         •    Provided female employees with several gynecological examination
                                  items in check-ups
                             •    Carried out a series of activities related to caring for female
                                  employees on March 8, the Women’s Day
                             •    Held lectures on modern marriage and family management and
                                  parent-child relationship

  Caring for senior          •    Sent tailor-made souvenir gifts and movie tickets to employees
    employees                     serving the Company for at least eight years

  Caring for young           •    Regularly organize tours for new comers each year
    employees                •    Gave wedding gifts to newlywed young employees
                             •    Launched the outdoor development camp activity themed by
                                  “Enjoying Youth with You” (青春同行．緣來有你) for young
                                  employees, providing a favorable platform for single youth to make
                                  friends




                                                                                 2019 Annual Report      131
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


          Kicking off Female Employee-Caring Activities on March 8, the “Women’s Day”

          Jiangsu Hansoh kicked off a series of activities showing care for female employees on March 8,
          the “Women’s Day”, including the wonderful baking activity with the theme of “Learning Baking
          to Celebrate Women’s Day” (巧手學烘培．歡樂迎三八), and the activity themed by “Festival of My
          Goddess” (心中女神節) in three facilities of the production division, and sent holiday cards and DIY
          creative gift boxes to more than 300 female workers. The business division launched a “Fancy Sushi
          Show” (花式壽司秀) to provide a platform for female employees to exchange culinary skills.




                     Table of Key Quantitative Performance of Employment and Employee Care

          Performance indicator                                                   Unit               2019

          Total number of employees                                             person              9,178
          Number of male employees                                              person              6,440
          Number of female employees                                            person              2,738
          Number of contracted employees                                        person              9,175
          Number of dispatched employees                                        person                  0
          Number of part-time employees                                         person                  0
          Number of rehired employees after retirement                          person                  3
          Number of employees under 30 years old                                person              4,566
          Number of employees between 30 and 50 years old                       person              4,523
          Number of employees over 50 years old                                 person                 89
          Number of employees from Mainland China                               person              9,174
          Number of employees from Hong Kong, Macau,
            Taiwan and abroad                                                   person                   4
          Female representation in senior officers                                  %                 21.1
          Labor contract signing rate                                               %                  100
          Social insurance coverage                                                 %                  100
          Number of labor discrimination incidents                                case                   0
          Number of incidents involving child labor or forced labor               case                   0
          Proportion of employees covered by collective
            bargaining agreements                                                   %               85.21




132   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


4.2 Staff Health and Safety

    Occupational health and safety management

    In order to strengthen Environment, Health and Safety (“EHS”) management, the Group has
    formulated EHS Management Objectives and Policies (EHS 管理目標、方針) and specific regulations
    in aspects of safety management, fire management, health management and hazardous chemical
    management to standardize the occupational health and safety management, and set up the
    safety committee to ensure the implementation of various occupational health and safety activities.
    Moreover, the Group takes the initiative in identifying occupational hazard factors (including
    productive dust, drug dust, chemical poison and physical factors), adopts preventive measures
    against occupational diseases, and conducts an internal health and safety audit annually and a
    health and safety risk assessment every three years, involving various aspects including the storage,
    reception and use of hazardous chemicals, workshop production, quality detection and external
    construction contractor management, so as to ensure the occupational health and safety of staff.

                                                      Occupational health and safety management policies

    Safe production policy: “Safety first, people-oriented, prevention focused, technical innovation and
    continuous improvement” (安全第一，以人為本，預防為主，技術創新，持續改進)

                                                   Occupational health and safety management objectives

    √          To eliminate personal deaths
    √          To eliminate major environmental pollution accidents
    √          To eliminate major equipment and fire accidents
    √          To control the annual injury rate within 3‰
    √          To eliminate occupational hazardous accidents and guarantee the workplace environment
               management to reach the standards
    √          No criminal cases

                                                    Occupational health and safety management measures




     Facility and equipment optimization                                                           Safety training and emergency drills
     ●   The production equipment is sealed, and all reaction kettles of                                   ●   Training plans on occupational health and safety
         raw materials are equipped with negative-pressure suction                                             are made.
         valves. The solvents in the workshop are configured in the
         fume cupboard. The procedures such as the preparation,                                            ●   Trainings about mechanical injury, forklift safety,
         granulation, blending and tableting of solvents are conducted                                         electricity safety and wearing labor protection
         in separate compartments.                                                                             articles are organized. Fire safety experts were
     ●   Low-noise equipment is adopted. Automatic closing                                                     invited to conduct training.
         doors and buffers are provided among areas to                                                     ●   Fire, occupational health and safety and
         reduce the cross pollution of noise.
                                                                                                               emergency drills are conducted. Emergency
                                                                                                               evacuation drills are conducted regularly.
     Provision of labor
     protection articles                                                                                       Promotion of safety culture
     ●   Protective articles for dust                                                                      ●   Activities including safe production month,
         prevention, gas protection, noise                                                                     occupational health publicity week and fire-fighting
         prevention and vibration                                                                              month are conducted regularly.
         prevention are provided for staff                                                                 ●   A series of publicity week activities of the Code of
         with occupational disease risk.                                                                       Occupational Disease Prevention were held in
                                                                                                               2019.
                                                                                                           ●   Safety month activities are launched.



    Meanwhile, we formulated Safety Management System for Outcomers ( 外來人員安全管理制
    度), put forward occupational health and safety requirements for external contractors such as
    pre-construction registration, admission procedures handling and construction site management,
    included contractor safety management into the occupational health and safety management
    performance of the Group, and carried out health and safety trainings for contractors to strengthen
    the occupational health and safety management of contractors.

                                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report                             133
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


          Publicity week series activities of the Code of Occupational Disease Prevention (職業病防治法) in
          2019

          The 17th publicity week of the Code of Occupational Disease Prevention (職業病防治法) was from
          April 25, 2019 to May 1, 2019. The Safety Management Department (安全管理部) strengthened the
          publicity and implementation of the Code of Occupational Disease Prevention, conducting various
          activities such as first aid trainings, interpretation of physical examinations, massage experience
          and knowledge contests, and popularizing occupational disease prevention knowledge, in an effort
          to raise the occupational disease prevention awareness of all the staff.




          Care for staff ’s mental health

          We pay attention to the staff’s mental health and hold mental health lectures for our staff, in order
          to enhance the mental health awareness of all our staff, and guide them to adjust their mentality
          and relieve their mental pressure.

          Lecture on staff’s mental health

          To enhance the mental health awareness of all our staff, guide them to adjust their mentality
          correctly, relieve their mental pressure, eliminate the job burnout and deal with various personal
          relationships, Jiangsu Hansoh invited external experts to hold a mental health lecture themed by
          “Uncovering Your Emotional Veil” (揭開你的情感面紗) in September 2019, and nearly 100 staff
          representatives attended the lecture on site. The lecture was mainly focused on the topics such
          as mental health, mentality adjustment and personal relationship handling, to guide the staff to
          understand themselves correctly, cope with stress, deal with multiparty personal relationships and
          develop a healthy mentality.




134   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


    Hazardous chemical management

    As the Group’s production and operation involves the use of alcohol, acetone, hydrochloric acid
    and other hazardous chemicals, the Group formulated Hazardous Chemical Management System
    (危險化學品管理制度) to stipulate the different processes of handling hazardous chemicals such
    as procurement, storage, transportation, stock-in & stock-out in detail, and complied with the
    management requirements of “acceptance, storage and reception by two persons with two locks
    and keys, as well as two ledgers” (雙人驗收、雙人保管、雙人領取、雙把鎖、雙本賬) during its
    transportation, reception and use, stock-in & stock-out and records of hazardous chemicals.

                       Table of Key Quantitative Performance of Staff Health and Safety

    Performance indicator                                                  Unit                                      2019

    Number of contractors’ industrial accidents                            /                                             0
    Number of safety training hours                                        Hour                                         72
    Proportion of workplaces with staff health and safety risk
      assessment in all workplaces                                         %                                          100

4.3 Staff Training and Development

    In order to promote staff development, we formulated systems including Training Management
    System (培訓管理制度), Internal Training Management Rules (內部培訓管理細則), External Training
    Management System (外出培訓管理制度) and Induction Training Management Rules (入職培訓管
    理細則), to standardize training contents and training methods. The content of staff training covers
    professional ethics, management ability, professional skills and operational skills.

    On-the-job EMBA class

    The Group sets up on-the-job Executive Master of Business Administration (EMBA) classes, in
    a bid to organize high-standard trainings for management personnel, cultivate and reserve core
    management talents for the Group and achieve common development of the staff and the Group.
    The fifth EMBA class began during the year of 2019, in which 45 employees participated. Through
    12-day training courses, the staff’s management ability had been improved systematically.

                  Table of Key Quantitative Performance of Staff Training and Development

    Performance indicator                                                  Unit                                      2019

    Coverage of staff training                                             %                                        81.41
    Training coverage of male employees                                    %                                        78.09
    Training coverage of female employees                                  %                                        87.30
    Training coverage of ordinary employees                                %                                        96.97
    Training coverage of middle management                                 %                                        35.40
    Training coverage of senior management                                 %                                        66.67
    Per capita training time of staff                                      Hour                                     39.51
    Per capita training time of male employees                             Hour                                     35.77
    Per capita training time of female employees                           Hour                                     45.35
    Per capita training time of ordinary employees                         Hour                                     46.71
    Per capita training time of middle management                          Hour                                     17.98
    Per capita training time of senior management                          Hour                                     14.28
    Proportion of staff participating in regular
      performance and career development assessment                        %                                          100

    Note: Save for the proportion of staff participating in regular performance and career development assessment,
          sales personnel are not included in the calculation of the statistical data of other indicators in the above table.


                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report           135
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      5   RESPONSIBILITY OF GREEN DEVELOPMENT

          “Green mountains and clear water are our invaluable assets” (綠水青山就是金山銀山). Our Group
          adheres to the concept of green development, takes measures for environmental management,
          energy conservation and emissions reduction from design of products and process, production to
          each process of waste disposal, and practically implements the concept of environmental protection,
          in a bid to achieve a win-win situation in self-development and environmental protection.

      5.1 Environmental Management System

          As a pharmaceutical enterprise, the Group’s resource consumption is mainly concentrated on water,
          natural gas, electricity and steam. The main impact of the Group’s operation on the environment
          is the consumption of energy and raw materials in the production and operation process. During
          the year of 2019, the Group’s production activities did not inflict a material adverse impact on the
          environment and resources. On the contrary, the Group carries out environmental management
          under the concept of green development, has formulated the EHS Management Objectives and
          Policies (EHS 管理目標方針) to clarify the direction for various environmental management tasks,
          and has formulated specific management systems in terms of resources utilization, pollutant
          emissions, assessment on environmental protection of new projects. In addition, we enhance
          the environmental awareness and management capabilities of employees, ensure environmental
          compliance, and strive to reduce the impact of our operations on the environment by providing
          environmental management trainings.

          Besides, Jiangsu Hansoh has established the Green Plant Management System (綠色工廠管理制度),
          and was rated as a National Green Plant (國家級綠色工廠) during the year of 2019.

          Passing ISO 14001 environmental management system certification

          Scope of certification: Administrative R&D Center of the Group (No.9 Dongjin Road), Pharmaceutical
          Production Division (No.5 Dongjin Road)




136   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


  Analysis of impact on environment

                     Energy                                                                                             Greenhouse gas emission
   ●
        Power consumption: 65,992 MWh                                                                    ●
                                                                                                             Greenhouse gas emissions: 95,827 tons of carbon dioxide
   ●
        Steam: 110,819 m3                                                                                    equivalents
   ●
       Natural gas: 127,074 m3
                                                                                                                            Waste gas emission
                                                                Input                  Output            ●
                                                                                                             Emissions of sulfur oxides (SOX): 97kg
                                                                                                         ●
                                                                                                             Emissions of particulate matter (PM): 178kg
                                                                                                         ●
                                                                                                             Emissions of volatile organic compounds (VOCs): 79kg


                                                                          Hansoh
                Water resource                                            Pharma
                                                   Input                                        Output                    Waste water discharge
                                                                        (production
        Total water consumption: 830,452 m3
                                                                         activities)
   ●



                                                                                                         ●
                                                                                                             Emissions of chemical oxygen demand (COD): 16.2 tons
                                                                                                         ●
                                                                                                             Emissions of suspended solids (SS): 22.3 tons
                                                                                                         ●
                                                                                                             Emissions of ammonia nitrogen (NH3-N): 4.8 tons

                                                                Input                  Output




               Packing material
                                                           Ratio of recycling water: 96.70%                                           Waste
    ●
        Packing material: 1,062.8 tons
                                                                                                         ●
                                                                                                             Total hazardous wastes: 3,200 tons
                                                                                                         ●
                                                                                                             Total non-hazardous wastes: 540 tons




                                         Analysis on input & output of environmental management

  Training on environmental management

  In terms of training on environmental management, the Group makes EHS training plans for the
  Company and its functional departments on an annual basis, implementing the environmental
  responsibility system and environmental management system, so as to raise the staff’s awareness of
  environmental management and the level of environmental management. The Group also formulates
  Environmental Emergency Response Plans (突發環境事故應急預案), which includes the plans
  and response procedures of regular environmental emergency drills carried out by the functional
  departments, to strengthen the awareness and capacity of staff and management for responding to
  environmental emergency on the site.

  Environmental management of new projects

  For new projects, we have strengthened the supervision of new projects in such aspects as
  construction environmental assessment, trial production emergency plan management and emission
  data self-monitoring pursuant to the systems such as Management System on Compliance of Newly
  Rebuilt and Expanded Projects (新改擴項目合規性管理制度), Laws and Regulations and Compliance
  Assessment Control Procedures (法律法規及合規性評價控制程序), Monitoring, Measurement and
  Performance Management Control Procedures (監視測量與績效管理控制程序), Identification and
  Assessment Control Procedures for Environmental Factors ( 環境因素識別評價控制程序 ), and
  Operational Control Procedures for Environmental Security (環境安全運行控制程序), in order to
  reduce the impact of new projects on the environment.




                                                                                                                                  2019 Annual Report                   137
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


                                 Measures for environmental management of new projects

          Environmental                       Emergency plan
          impact assessment                   management                   Emission data self-monitoring

          •    C o m m u n i c a t i n g      •    F o r m u l a t i n g   •    Establishing a “self-
               the information on                  environmental                monitoring program” (自
               environmental impact                emergency plans              行監測方案) during the
               assessment to the                   and carrying out             trial production period and
               surrounding enterprises and         emergency drills             regularly monitoring waste
               residents through websites,         during the trial             water, waste gas and noise
               community placards and              production period            during the trial production
               newspapers, and including                                        period and after the start of
               the recommendations of                                           formal production according
               target personnel needing                                         to the requirements of the
               sensitive protection in                                          self-monitoring program,
               the environmental impact                                         and reviewing the monitoring
               assessment                                                       results in a timely manner

          •    Taking measures to dispose
               waste water, waste gas and
               wastes according to the
               results of environmental
               impact assessment

          •    The Group has carried
               out environmental impact
               assessment for 4 projects
               during the year of 2019

      5.2 Resource Utilization

          Energy conservation

          The direct energy used in the production and operation of the Group comprises of natural gas and
          solar energy, and indirect energy including purchased power and steam. The Group has established
          an energy management group, with specialists in functional departments managing energy
          consumption. The Group has also formulated three-level energy management objectives, namely the
          company level, the production base level and the level of functional departments of the production
          base, guiding the initiation of specific work in energy management based on the management
          systems such as Energy Management System (能源管理制度), Energy Assessment System (能源
          考核制度), Energy Polling System (能源巡檢制度), Energy Measurement Management System (能
          源計量管理制度), Energy Statistics Management System (能源統計管理制度), etc. Additionally,
          Jiangsu Hansoh has achieved online monitoring and management of power and steam via energy
          management systems such as power distribution monitoring and management system and online
          steam monitoring platform.

          Passing GB/T23331 energy management system certification

          Scope of certification: All activities of use, consumption and service management of power, steam
          and other energy involved in the manufacture of pharmaceutical products within the scope of the
          Administrative Center (No.9 Dongjin Road) and Pharmaceutical Production Division (No.5 Dongjin
          Road), including the whole energy-related process, i.e. the purchase and storage, processing and
          conversion, transmission and distribution and the final use in main production systems, auxiliary
          production systems and ancillary systems.



138   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


                    Energy management performance indicators and objectives

  √    Comprehensive energy consumption per unit of GDP: <25kg of standard coal/RMB10,000

  √    Comprehensive energy consumption per unit of industrial added value: <50kg of standard
       coal/RMB10,000

                                     Energy management system

  Energy management system Details

  Power distribution        •    Covering all production divisions
    monitoring and          •    Monitoring the real-time power consumption, power load, power
    management system            safety, power consumption analysis, statistical reports, etc. of both
                                 high and low voltage sides in the plant
                            •    Achieving effective management of power consumption in the plant

  Online steam              •    Covering the plant producing active pharmaceutical ingredients
    monitoring platform     •    Monitoring the trade settlement of steam and the steam quality in
                                 the plant
                            •    Implementing the management of the steam quality and
                                 consumption of main pipelines

                    Major energy conservation measures and results in 2019

  Measures

  •    Replacing with efficient energy-saving pumps with a power saving rate of 34.12%
  •    Installing frequency conversion devices for power frequency air compressors with a power
       saving rate of 15.31%
  •    Improving the cleanliness and heat transfer efficiency of the condensers of refrigerators
  •    Choosing the cutting-edge magnetically supported chiller
  •    Transforming the heat pipe of air conditioners and installing heat pipe and air-to-air energy
       recovery equipment for air conditioner decontamination system, with an annual saving on
       electrical charge of RMB19,749 through heat pipe transformation
  •    Centralizing the recovery of the heat from steam condensate for sewage disposal, to reduce
       steam consumption

  During the year of 2019, Jiangsu Hansoh participated in the “Opening Ceremony of 2019
  Lianyungang Energy Saving Publicity Week” (2019年連雲港市節能宣傳周啟動儀式) organized by
  the Lianyungang Municipal Bureau of Industry and Information Technology (連雲港市工信局), and
  exhibited high-quality projects such as the rubber ball cleaning equipment, magnetically supported
  chiller and energy storage power station to enterprises and public institutions.

  Water consumption reduction

  The Group uses municipal water and has not found any problems on getting suitable water sources.
  Its energy management group manages the use of water resources under the energy management
  system, sets objectives for water resource use, and formulates the Bathroom Management System
  and the Standards for the Use of Water (浴室管理制度), Electricity and Steam (水電汽使用規
  範), to stipulate the requirements for water conservation. Also, the Group raises the awareness
  of water conservation of employees by providing trainings and posting publicity signs of “Save
  Water” (節約用水) and “Regulate Water Use” (用水規範) at eye-catching places such as chemical
  industrial areas and office areas. Jiangsu Hansoh has been awarded the title of advanced unit as a
  Water-saving Enterprise in Jiangsu Province.



                                                                                2019 Annual Report       139
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


                        Water resource management performance indicators and objectives

          √    Water withdrawal for tablets per unit of product: ≤0.50 m3/10,000 tablets
          √    Water withdrawal per unit of output value of RMB10,000: 5% annual decline
          √    Recycle rate of industrial water: ≥75%

                              Major water conservation measures and results in 2019

          Measures                                                                     Results

          •    Reused the waste water from the purified water system, with the •            Water consumption
               waste water utilization rate remaining above 70%:                            per unit of revenue
                                                                                            reduced by 17%
               √     Recovered the waste water to the raw water storage tank via •          Water recycle use
                     double-pass reverse osmosis water treatment equipment, and             rate of 96.70%
                     recovered the waste water to intermediate storage tank or raw
                     water storage tank via continuous electro-de-ionization (EDI)
                     for reuse

               √     Balanced the quality of purified water with the total amount of
                     recovered water to maximize the use of waste water

          •    Recycled chilled water and cooling water, with the recycling water
               consumption of 10 refrigeration systems being 19,723,300 m 3
               during the year of 2019:

               √     Recycled cooling water: supplementing through the circulation
                     pipeline → transporting to the cooling tower → cooling before
                     entering the condenser of the refrigeration unit → entering the
                     cooling tower

               √     Recycled chilled water: supplementing through the circulation
                     pipeline → transporting to each point of use → entering the
                     evaporator → entering the cooling tower


          Reducing the use of packing materials

          The biodegradable cartons, instructions and labels used in the packaging of our products are all
          renewable resources, and the use of packing materials can be reduced by increasing the packing
          size.




140   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


                       Table of Key Quantitative Performance of Resource Utilization

    Performance indicator                                               Unit                                       2019

    Total power consumption                                             MWh                                 65,992
    Power consumption per unit of output                                MWh/RMB10,000                         0.19
    Total steam consumption                                             m3                                 110,819
    Steam consumption per unit of output                                m 3/RMB10,000                         0.28
    Total natural gas consumption                                       m3                                 127,074
    Natural gas consumption per unit of output                          m 3/RMB10,000                         0.32
    Total water consumption                                             m3                                 830,452
    Water consumption per unit of output                                m 3/RMB10,000                         2.12
    Water consumption per unit of products                              m 3/10,000 tablets                    4.81
    Water consumption by source: municipal water                        m3                                 749,653
    Total amount of recycled water                                      m3                              23,995,892
    Proportion of total amount of recycled and
      reused water in total water consumption                           %                                  96.70%
    Gasoline consumption of owned vehicles                              liter                           134,279.87
    Diesel consumption of owned vehicles                                liter                           226,429.65
    Consumption of packing materials                                    Ton                                1,062.8
    Consumption of packing materials per unit of products               kg/10,000 tablets                     6.16

    Note: The statistical caliber for key quantitative performance of resource utilization is of Jiangsu Hansoh.

5.3 Emission Management

    Waste management

    The hazardous wastes generated in the manufacturing process of products of the Group mainly
    include waste residue, waste activated carbon/activated carbon fiber, waste liquid, waste gas
    condensate, sludge at sewage treatment stations, and contaminated wastes and abandoned drugs
    including waste packaging and filter. The non-hazardous wastes are mainly uncontaminated waste
    packaging, gloves and waste cartons.

    The Group has formulated management systems such as the Pollutants Discharge or Emission
    Management (污染物排放管理), API Waste Management (原料藥廢棄物管理), and Management
    of Solid Waste of Preparation (制劑固體廢棄物管理) to adopt compliant and harmless disposal
    methods for different types of hazardous wastes, and to recycle the recyclable waste solvent and
    entrust units with hazardous waste disposal qualifications to burn or recycle other non-recyclable
    solvent. The environmental sanitation department of the plant is entrusted with the uniform disposal
    of non-hazardous wastes.

    At the same time, we reduce the emission of non-hazardous wastes by degrading the use of
    non-hazardous wastes, and slash the emission of hazardous wastes by solvent recovery and
    establishing independent recovery systems in key waste generation workshops.




                                                                                               2019 Annual Report         141
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


          Management of waste water discharge and waste gas emission

          The main monitoring indicators of waste water generated in the production and operation of the
          Group include COD, SS, ammonia nitrogen, etc. We have formulated documents in respect of waste
          water and waste gas management such as Environmental Protection and Management (環境保護
          管理), Operating Instruction of 800t Sewage Station (800t污水站運行操作), Operating Instruction
          of Activated Carbon Waste Gas Treatment System ( 活性炭廢氣處理系統操作 ), and Operating
          Instruction of Regeneration of Activated Carbon Fiber Regenerated Waste Gas Treatment System
          ( 活性炭纖維再生廢氣處理系統操作 ). We also reduce the impact on the environment through
          emission reduction by using waste water and waste gas disposal equipment and taking measures for
          reduction of waste water discharge and waste gas emission.

           Major waste water discharge and waste gas emission reduction measures and results in 2019

                                                                    Discharge or emission
          Emission type       Disposal method                       reduction measures

          Waste water         High gravity + mechanical vapor       •    Upgraded and transformed
                              recompression (MVR) + FENTON               sewage disposal equipment:
                              + up-flow anaerobic sludge bed
                              (UASB) + anaerobic-oxic process (A/        √    Increased the number of air
                              O) + secondary settling tank                    floatation devices to reduce
                                                                              the damage of COD and
                                                                              oily matters to biochemical
                                                                              treatment units

                                                                         √    Transformed the oxic
                                                                              aeration system to reduce
                                                                              the damage of violent
                                                                              aeration to activated sludge

                                                                    •    Built a sewage treatment station
                                                                         with an efficiency of 1,800 tons/
                                                                         day

          Waste gas           Spray washing, activated carbon/      •    Transformed the waste gas
                              activated carbon fiber adsorption,         treatment facilities of the sewage
                              activated carbon fiber on-line             treatment station to increase the
                              desorption/centralized desorption          air volume
                              and regeneration
                                                                    •    Cooperated with a Class A design
                                                                         institute of waste gas to run pilot
                                                                         projects in the typical production
                                                                         waste workshop by upgraded
                                                                         spraying, activated carbon fiber
                                                                         adsorption and photocatalytic
                                                                         oxidation




142   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


  Management of greenhouse gas emission

  The Group has formulated management documents such as Greenhouse Gas Management
  Procedures (溫室氣體管理程序), Energy Management Manual and Operational Control (能源管理
  手冊) for Energy Management (能源管理運行控制) according to the ISO 14064 Standard, and has
  carried out the verification of greenhouse gas emission and the accounting for carbon footprint
  of our products at No.5 Dongjin Road and No.9 Dongjin Road, Lianyungang. We identify direct
  and indirect greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from raw material purchase, production activities,
  refrigeration equipment, shipment of finished products, office activities, staff’s commuting vehicles,
  domestic sewage, natural gas for canteen and other facilities/activities, and verify the accuracy of
  activity level data and emission factors.

  During the year of 2019, we implemented a number of energy-saving improvements to reduce
  energy consumption. In the meantime, the Group replaced steam and power resources with clean
  energy by using solar photovoltaic power stations, solar water heaters and outdoor solar fly-killing
  lamps to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

             Table of Key Quantitative Performance of Pollution Prevention and Control

  Performance indicator 1                                  Unit                                         2019

  Total waste water discharge                              m3                                        380,799
  Discharge amount of waste water
    per unit of output                                     m 3/RMB10,000                                 0.97
  Emissions of suspended solids (SS)
    (in waste water)                                       ton                                           22.3
  Emissions of ammonia nitrogen (NH 3-N)
    (in waste water)                                       ton                                                4.8
  Emissions of chemical oxygen demand (COD)
    (in waste water)                                       ton                                           16.2
  Emissions of sulfur oxides (SO x)                        Kg                                              97
  Emissions of particulate matter (PM)                     Kg                                             178
  Emissions of volatile organic compounds (VOCs)           Kg                                           78.22
  Total hazardous wastes generated                         ton                                          3,200
  Emissions of hazardous wastes per unit of output         kg/RMB10,000                                  8.15
  Amount of expired or discarded
    medicines generated                                    ton                                             31
  Total non-hazardous wastes generated                     ton                                            540
  Emissions of non-hazardous wastes
    per unit of output                                     kg/RMB10,000                                  1.38
  Amount of non-hazardous wastes by
    disposal method: recycled                              ton                                            540
                                                           Ton of carbon
  Total greenhouse gas emissions 2                         dioxide equivalent                         95,827
                                                           Ton of carbon
  Greenhouse gas emissions in scope                        dioxide equivalent                           3,805
                                                           Ton of carbon
  Greenhouse gas emissions in scope                        dioxide equivalent                         92,022
                                                           Ton of carbon dioxide
  Greenhouse gas emissions per unit of output              equivalent/RMB10,000                          0.24

  Notes:

  1.   The statistical caliber of key quantitative performance of emission management is of Jiangsu Hansoh.

  2.   The greenhouse gas emission data during the year of 2019 includes the data of No.5 Dongjin Road, No.9
       Dongjin Road, No.8 Kaitai Road and No.8 Lushan Road in Lianyungang, Jiangsu.

                                                                                         2019 Annual Report         143
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      6   COMMUNITY AND CHARITY

          With the mission of “serving society and building up health” (服務社會、營造健康), the Group is
          committed to drug R&D and innovation to provide more and better drugs to benefit patients. In
          addition, the Group has proactively carried out charitable activities, including medical assistance,
          student aid, poverty alleviation, disaster relief, etc., so as to achieve the common development and
          prosperity between the enterprise and society and contribute to society in good faith.

      6.1 Increase in Medical Treatment Availability

          Drug R&D and Innovation

          Acceleration of the launch of new drugs and improvement of R&D efficiency are not only the
          foundation for the Group’s sustainable development, but also an important way for the Group to
          benefit patients and society. In response to the initiative of “Healthy China”, the Group continuously
          increases the investment in R&D, accelerates the development of safer, more effective and more
          economical drugs, conducts consistency evaluation for generic drugs, and improves the clinical
          diagnosis and treatment and the drug accessibility for patients. The R&D involves major therapeutic
          areas (CNS disease, oncology, anti-infectives and diabetes).

          The Group has established development centers and production bases in Lianyungang, Jiangsu,
          Zhangjiang, Shanghai and Changzhou, Jiangsu respectively, forming a comprehensive R&D
          system which includes pharmaceutical research, preclinical study, clinical study and registration
          application. The Group has recruited a number of high-level domestic and foreign S&T talents,
          established key technological innovation teams, and vigorously attracted domestic and foreign R&D
          talents through Academician Workstation (院士工作站), National Post-doctoral Research Station (國
          家博士後科研工作站), National and Provincial Talent Introduction Program (國家和省級人才引進
          計劃), and Young Scientist Training Program (青年科學家培養計劃). The Group has stipulated the
          Expert Management System for the Review of Drug Registration Application Materials of Research
          Institutes (研究院藥品註冊申報資料審評專家管理制度) to strengthen the standardized management
          on outstanding scientific research and technology talents, and established incentive systems such
          as Research Institute Project Award Scheme (研究院項目獎方案), Measures for the Management of
          Incentives for Patent Inventors (專利發明人獎勵管理辦法) and Housing Subsidy System for High-
          level Talents (高層次人才住房補貼制度), to encourage innovation among employees. Besides, The
          Group has proactively built an innovation platform with various research institutes to make full use
          of external superior resources and improve the innovation capacity of the enterprise.

                                          Major R&D Achievements in 2019
          •    For innovative drugs, two national class 1.1 innovative drugs, Fulaimei (polyethylene glycol
               loxenatide for injection) and Hansoh Xinfu (flumatinib mesylate), were approved for marketing,
               which were indicated for the treatment of Type-II diabetes and chronic myelogenous leukemia
               respectively

          •    For generic drugs, five generic drugs were approved for marketing, four of which being
               first-to-market generic drugs




144   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


  Fulaimei (polyethylene glycol loxenatide for injection) giving hope to patients with Type-II diabetes

  In May 2019, Fulaimei (polyethylene glycol loxenatide for injection), a national class 1.1 innovative
  drug, was approved for marketing after 12 years of scientific and technological research conducted
  by the Group. The product is the first self-developed long-acting GLP-1 receptor agonist in China.
  Patients need to inject once a week only and the hypoglycemic effect appears in 1 hour after the
  injection, with the significantly increased control rate of blood glucose and the lower rate of adverse
  reactions. It greatly reduces the inconvenience and pain suffered by patients due to high-frequency
  medications, offering an alternative medication that is more effective, safer and more convenient for
  patients with Type-II diabetes.

  Assistance in the Improvement of Primary Medical Care

  The Group has established a service system covering all hospitals at county level, where the
  services involve the whole process from pharmaceutical production, commercial distribution,
  medical institutions (pharmacies) to patients. Moreover, the Group has carried out trainings for
  physicians in district and community hospitals in many places and offered free clinical services and
  free medicines in communities, improving the accessibility of medical treatment.

  Implementing academic activities for western China and promoting the development of primary
  medical care

  In view of the underdeveloped regions in central and western China, the Group promotes the
  development of primary medical care by upgrading the hardware facilities of hospitals, promoting
  the cultivation of medical personnel and strengthening the construction of information system.
  During the year of 2019, Jiangsu Hansoh launched the “Chang’an Initiative” (長安行動) in Xi’an
  and other cities, with the theme of “Xin Thinking and Precise Treatment” (昕思維，精準治), and
  conducted circular trainings of the precise treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia for leading
  doctors in central and western China to improve the diagnosis and treatment of related diseases in
  primary hospitals.




                                                                                    2019 Annual Report      145
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


          Promoting the Development of the Pharmaceutical Industry

          The Group vigorously participates in the formulation of national drug standards and enhance
          communications with peers through industry associations to promote industry development. During
          the year of 2019, the Group participated in the discussions and gave feedback on mechanisms
          such as “dynamic adjustment of the National Reimbursement Drug List” (國家醫保藥品目錄動態調
          整) and “drug purchase by category in drug purchase by bidding” (藥品招標採購的藥品分類採購)
          held by China Pharmaceutical Innovation and Research Development Association (中國醫藥創新促
          進會), China Quality Association for Pharmaceuticals (中國醫藥質量管理協會) and other industry
          associations. The Group offered more than 20 suggestions, more than 10 of which were adopted.
          Besides, the Group was in charge of the formulation of 7 national standards on polyethylene glycol
          loxenatide for injection, linezolid for injection, fosaprepitant dimeglumine for injection, flumatinib
          mesylate, apixaban tablets, vildagliptin tablets and canagliflozin tablets, etc.

          CSP Hansoh Depression Lecture

          With the accelerating pace of life and increasing pressure from work and environment, the number
          of domestic and overseas patients with depression are generally on the rise. According to the latest
          statistics released by the World Health Organization (WHO), there are approximately 322 million
          patients with depression globally, and it is conservatively estimated that the number of patients with
          depression in China exceeds 58 million.

          During the year of 2019, the Group invested approximately RMB1 million to jointly hold the “CSP
          Hansoh Depression Lecture” (CSP ·豪森抑鬱學院) with the Chinese Society of Psychiatry (CSP) (中
          華醫學會精神分會). We invited domestic and overseas experts twice to give lectures to physicians
          in the field of psychiatry across China for the purpose of enhancing their understanding of patients
          with depression and their diagnosis and treatment ability. More than 600 physicians benefited from
          the lectures.




146   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Environmental, Social and Governance Report




    China-EU Summit Forum on Depressive                Forum on Standardized Treatment of
    Disorder (中歐抑鬱障礙高峰論壇) held in June                 Depressive Disorder (抑鬱障礙規範化治療論壇)
    2019                                               held in September 2019

6.2 Active Contribution to Society

    Public Welfare

    The Group firmly believes that enterprises and society are a community with close interdependence
    and mutual benefit. Based on the characteristics of the industry, and by focusing on medical help,
    student aid and poverty alleviation, the Group proactively carries out charity activities to facilitate
    the resolution of social issues and achieve the joint development with society. During the year of
    2019, the total amount of funds and products donated by the Group to society was RMB38.6608
    million, of which approximately RMB8.0041 million was for targeted poverty alleviation.

    Non-profit Student Aid: Education Development Fund of Xuzhou Medical University

    During the year of 2018, in order to promote the education for medical talents, the Group set up
    an education development fund at Xuzhou Medical University (徐州醫科大學) to fund and reward
    excellent students in the medical field from poor families, and sent management personnel with
    strong foundation in theory and rich experience in practice to give special lectures to students.
    During the year of 2019, the Group donated a total of RMB1 million to more than 350 students.




    A strategic cooperation agreement                  A lecture given by the management
    signed with Xuzhou Medical University              personnel of the Company to the “Hansoh Class”
                                                       (豪森班) of Xuzhou Medical University



                                                                                     2019 Annual Report       147
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


          Communication with Communities

          The Group attaches importance to the communication and interaction with communities. During
          the year of 2019, the labor union of Jiangsu Hansoh and the management committee of the
          development zone where Jiangsu Hansoh is located built a caring platform through which employees
          conducted charity sale activities, helping 30 impoverished families in the development zone realize
          their “tiny wishes” (微心願) and raising over RMB27 thousand at the fifth charity sale activity
          “Wealth for All” (福滿人間). In addition, the art troupe of Jiangsu Hansoh cooperated with the
          municipal cultural units to reach out to the communities and promote the civilization construction
          of the communities. The band and the dance crew of the Company’s art troupe participated in the
          “Mass Stage” (老百姓大舞台) and the art and cultural performance themed by “Beautiful Homes in
          Changxu Community Jointly Built by Community and Enterprise” (昌圩社區社企聯動攜手並進共度美
          好家園).

          In July 2015, the labor union of Jiangsu Hansoh, Youth League Committee and Youth Federation
          jointly proposed to establish a volunteer association. At the end of 2019, there were 486 registered
          volunteers who provided voluntary services of 680 person-times and 4,000 hours during the year.

          One hundredth anniversary of “The May 4th Movement”- Jiangsu Hansoh’s “perseverance” event

          On 26 April 2019, to commemorate the 100th anniversary of “The May 4th Movement”, Jiangsu
          Hansoh organised the healthy “perseverance” event (健康 “毅” 行活動). More than 300 young
          volunteers actively supported the construction of Lianyungang as a civilized city through activities
          such as signing initiatives, distributing leaflets and picking up garbage in scenic areas.




          Jiangsu Hansoh’s “perseverance” event for young people to commemorate the 100th anniversary of
          “The May 4th Movement”

                           Table of Key Quantitative Performance of Community and Charity

          Performance Indicator                                             Unit                                   2019

          Money donated to society                                          RMB0’ 000                          3,866.08
          Investment in targeted poverty alleviation                        RMB0’ 000                            800.41
          Number of volunteers                                              Person-time                             680
          Duration of volunteer service                                     Hour                                  4,000

          Note: The statistical caliber for the quantitative performance of community and charity is of Jiangsu Hansoh.




148   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


7   INDEX TO ESG REPORTING GUIDE OF THE HKEX

    Aspects, General
      Disclosures and Key
      Performance Indicators   Description                                                     Section
    Major Scope A.
      Environment
    Aspect A1.Emissions
    General Disclosure A1      Information on:                                                 Emission
                               (a) the policies; and                                           Management
                               (b) c o m p l i a n c e w i t h r e l e v a n t l a w s a n d
                                     regulations that have a significant impact
                                     on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse
                                     gas emissions, discharges into water and
                                     land, and generation of hazardous and non-
                                     hazardous waste
    KPI A1.1                   The types of emissions and respective emission                  Emission
                               data                                                            Management
    KPI A1.2                   Greenhouse gas emission in total (in tons) and                  Emission
                               where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of                  Management
                               production volume, per facility)
    KPI A1.3                   Total hazardous waste produced (in tons) and                    Emission
                               where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of                  Management
                               production volume, per facility)
    KPI A1.4                   Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tons)                    Emission
                               and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of             Management
                               production volume, per facility)
    KPI A1.5                   Description of measures to mitigate emissions                   Emission
                               and results achieved                                            Management
    KPI A1.6                   Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous                  Emission
                               wastes are handled, reduction initiatives and                   Management
                               results achieved
    Aspect A2.
      Use of Resources
    General Disclosure A2      Policies on the efficient use of resources,                     Environmental
                               including energy, water and other raw materials                 Management
                                                                                               System
    KPI A2.1                   Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by                    Resource
                               type (e.g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh               Utilization
                               in’ 000s) and intensity (e.g. per unit of production
                               volume, per facility)
    KPI A2.2                   Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per              Resource
                               unit of production volume, per facility)                        Utilization
    KPI A2.3                   Description of energy use efficiency initiatives                Resource
                               and results achieved                                            Utilization
    KPI A2.4                   Description of whether there is any issue in                    Resource
                               sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water                   Utilization
                               efficiency initiatives and results achieved
    KPI A2.5                   Total packaging material used for finished                      Resource
                               products (in tons) and, if applicable, with                     Utilization
                               reference to per unit produced




                                                                                               2019 Annual Report   149
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


          Aspects, General
            Disclosures and Key
            Performance Indicators   Description                                                     Section
          Aspect A3.
            The Environment and
            Natural Resources
          General Disclosure A3      Policies on minimizing the issuer’s significant                 Environmental
                                     impact on the environment and natural resources                 Management
                                                                                                     System
          KPI A3.1                   Description of the significant impacts of activities            Environmental
                                     on the environment and natural resources and                    Management
                                     the actions taken to manage them                                System
          Major Scope B. Social
            Employment and
            Labor Practices
          Aspect B1. Employment
          General Disclosure B1      Information on:                                                 Protection
                                     (a) the policies; and                                           and Caring for
                                     (b) c o m p l i a n c e w i t h r e l e v a n t l a w s a n d   Employees’ Rights
                                           regulations that have a significant impact
                                           on the issuer relating to compensation
                                           and dismissal, recruitment and promotion,
                                           working hours, rest periods, equal
                                           opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination,
                                           and other benefits and welfare
          KPI B1.1                   Total workforce by gender, employment type, age                 Protection
                                     group and geographical region                                   and Caring for
                                                                                                     Employees’ Rights
          Aspect B2.
            Health and Safety
          General Disclosure B2      Information on:                                                 Staff Health and
                                     (a) the policies; and                                           Safety
                                     (b)   compliance with relevant laws and
                                           regulations that have a significant impact
                                           on the issuer relating to providing a safe
                                           working environment and protecting
                                          employees from occupational hazards
          KPI B2.3                   Description of occupational health and safety                   Staff Health and
                                     measures adopted how they are implemented and                   Safety
                                     monitored




150   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


  Aspects, General
    Disclosures and Key
    Performance Indicators   Description                                           Section
  Aspect B3.
    Development and
    Training
  General Disclosure B3      Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and        Staff Training and
                             skills for discharging duties at work. Description    Development
                             of training activities.
  KPI B3.1                   The percentage of employees trained by gender         Staff Training and
                             and employee category (e.g. senior management,        Development
                             middle management, etc.)
  KPI B3.2                   The average training hours completed per              Staff Training and
                             employee by gender and employee category              Development
  Aspect B4.
    Labor Standards
  General Disclosure B4      Information on:                                       Protection
                             (a) the policies; and                                 and Caring for
                             (b)   compliance with relevant laws and               Employees’ Rights
                                   regulations that have a significant impact on
                                   the issuer relating to preventing child and
                                   forced labor
  KPI B4.1                   Description of measures to review employment          Protection
                             practices to avoid child and forced labor             and Caring for
                                                                                   Employees’ Rights
  KPI B4.2                   Description of steps taken to eliminate such          Protection
                             practices when discovered                             and Caring for
                                                                                   Employees’ Rights
  Major Scope B.
    Social Operating
    Practices
  Aspect B5.
    Supply Chain
    Management
  General Disclosure B5      Policies on managing environmental and social         Supplier
                             risks of the supply chain                             Management
  KPI B5.1                                                                         Supplier
                             Number of suppliers by geographical region            Management
  KPI B5.2                   Description of practices relating to engaging         Supplier
                             suppliers, number of suppliers where the              Management
                             practices are being implemented, how they are
                             implemented and monitored




                                                                                   2019 Annual Report   151
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


          Aspects, General
            Disclosures and Key
            Performance Indicators   Description                                                     Section
          Aspect B6.
            Product Responsibility
          General Disclosure B6      Information on:                                                 Quality Service
                                     (a) the policies; and
                                     (b) c o m p l i a n c e w i t h r e l e v a n t l a w s a n d
                                          regulations that have a significant impact
                                          on the issuer relating to health and safety,
                                          advertising, labeling and privacy matters
                                          relating to products and services provided
                                          and method of redress
          KPI B6.1                   Percentage of total products sold or shipped                    Product Quality
                                     subject to recalls for safety and health reasons                Management
          KPI B6.2                   Number of products and service related                          Quality Service
                                     complaints received and how they are dealt with
          KPI B6.3                   Description of practices relating to observing and              Management
                                     protecting intellectual property rights                         and Protection of
                                                                                                     Intellectual Property
                                                                                                     Rights
          KPI B6.4                   Description of quality assurance process and                    Product Quality
                                     recall procedures                                               Management
          KPI B6.5                   Description of consumer data protection and                     Quality Service
                                     privacy policies, how they are implemented and
                                     monitored
          Aspect B7.
            Anti-corruption
          General Disclosure B7      Information on:                                                 Anti-corruption and
                                     (a) the policies; and                                           Business Ethics
                                     (b)  compliance with relevant laws and
                                          regulations that have a significant impact
                                          on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion,
                                          fraud and money laundering
          KPI B7.1                   Number of closed legal cases regarding corrupt                  Anti-corruption and
                                     practices brought against the issuer or its                     Business Ethics
                                     employees during the reporting period and the
                                     outcomes of the cases
          KPI B7.2                   Description of preventive measures and whistle-                 Anti-corruption and
                                     blowing procedures, how they are implemented                    Business Ethics
                                     and monitored
          Aspect B8.
            Community Investment
          General Disclosure B8  Policies on community engagement to understand                      Community and
                                 the needs of the communities where we operate                       Charity
                                 and to ensure that our activities take into
                                 consideration the communities’ interests
          KPI B8.1               Foc us a reas of contribution (e.g. education,                      Community and
                                 environmental concerns, labor needs, health,                        Charity
                                 culture, sport)
          KPI B8.2               Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the                   Community and
                                 focus area                                                          Charity



152   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
