Contents
  2   Corporate Overview

  5   Corporate Information

  7   Financial Highlights

  8   Chairlady ’ s Statement

  9   Management Discussion and Analysis

 18   Corporate Governance Report

 30   Directors ’ Report

 41   Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management

 47   Independent Auditor ’ s Report

 52   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

 53   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

 54   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

 56   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

 57   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

 59   Notes to the Financial Statements

123   Definitions
    Corporate Overview


    The Group is one of the leading R&D and innovation-driven pharmaceutical companies in the PRC,
    devoting itself to meet the unmet clinical needs of patients and improve the health and well-being of
    human beings through continuing innovation.

    The Group has established a leading position in some of the largest and fastest-growing therapeutic areas
    in the PRC with significant unmet clinical needs, including CNS diseases, oncology, anti-infectives and
    metabolic diseases.

    The core driving force of the Group is its focus on innovation. The Group has continuously increased
    its investments in R&D over the years, established sound R&D platforms and mastered a number of
    proprietary technologies, as well as developed a series of innovative drugs which are currently under
    different stages of R&D. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group obtained marketing approval
    in China for 5 Category 1 self-developed innovative drugs, which were all included in the NRDL released
    by the NHSA. During the Reporting Period, the Group obtained marketing approval for a total of 11 new
    products, including 2 innovative drugs (inclusive of new indications): Hengmu (tenofovir amibufenamide
    tablets), which is used for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B in adult patients, and Ameile (aumolertinib
    mesylate tablets), which is used for the first-line treatment of NSCLC as a new indication. The Company
    has newly filed and obtained clinical approvals for 15 products, including 14 clinical approvals related to
    innovative drug programs, and filed 8 applications for marketing approvals, including 2 innovative drugs
    (inclusive of new indications), being Pegmolesatide (formerly known as PEG Sihematide), an innovative
    drug, and Ameile (aumolertinib mesylate tablets) as the first-line treatment of NSCLC as a new indication,
    which has been approved during the Reporting Period.

    The Group attaches great importance to product quality. It has maintained the advanced nature of
    its production quality system by passing overseas certification, meanwhile constantly expanding the
    business pipeline of its principal businesses. In addition, it continues to introduce advanced management
    concepts and tools to improve the overall operation efficiency.

    As the self-developed innovative drugs are approved for marketing constantly, the Group devotes efforts
    to improve its professional marketing capability and increase the recognition and knowledge of medical
    professionals regarding the self-developed innovative drugs. During the Reporting Period, the sales
    revenue of innovative drugs amounted to approximately RMB4,202 million, representing a year-on-year
    increase of approximately 168.9%, and its proportion to the total revenue of the Group increased from
    18.0% for the corresponding period of the previous year to 42.3%.

    In 2013, Jiangsu Hansoh was first awarded with the State Science and Technology Award (second prize)*
    (國家科技獎（二等獎)) by the State Council. During the same year, we obtained U.S. FDA certification
    for our oncology injectable products, including Zefei, which was approved for sale by the U.S. FDA. We
    obtained the latest versions of Chinese GMP certifications for all production lines of the Group.

    In 2014, Jiangsu Hansoh was once again awarded with the State Science and Technology Award (second
    prize)* (國家科技獎（二等獎)) by the State Council. During the same year, the Group’s first self-developed
    innovative drug Mailingda (morinidazole sodium chloride injection) was approved for sale in China.

    In 2017, Jiangsu Hansoh ranked 22nd among the “Top 100 Pharmaceutical Industrial Enterprises of
    China”* (2017 年中國醫藥工業企業百強) by the China National Pharmaceutical Industry Information
    Center (中國醫藥工業信息中心).

    In both 2018 and 2019, Jiangsu Hansoh ranked second for “R&D-driven Pharmaceutical Companies in
    China”* (中國醫藥研發產品線最佳工業企業) by the China National Pharmaceutical Industry Information
    Center (中國醫藥工業信息中心) for two years consecutively.




2   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Overview


In May 2019, the Group’s self-developed GLP-1 receptor agonist and a long-acting Category 1.1
innovative drug indicated for the treatment of Type-II diabetes, Fulaimei (polyethylene glycol loxenatide
for injection), was approved for sale in China.

In May 2019, Jiangsu Hansoh was awarded with the “Green Enterprise Management Award”* (2019年度
綠色企業管理獎).

On June 14, 2019, the shares of the Company were successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock
Exchange, creating a milestone for the Group and laying a solid foundation for our future development.

In August 2019, Jiangsu Hansoh was named as an enterprise with “Excellence in Performing Social
Responsibilities Among Chinese Pharmaceutical Enterprises”* (中國醫藥企業社會責任優秀) by the China
National Pharmaceutical Industry Information Center (中國醫藥工業信息中心).

In November 2019, Hansoh Xinfu (flumatinib mesylate), a Category 1 innovative drug self-developed by
the Group, obtained the approval for marketing in China and is indicated for the treatment of chronic
myelogenous leukemia.

In March 2020, Ameile (aumolertinib mesylate tablets), a Category 1 innovative drug self-developed by
the Group, obtained the marketing approval in China and is indicated for the treatment of patients with
locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC with EGFR T790M mutation, who have progressed on or after
EGFR-TKI therapy.

In July 2020, the Group’s patent inventions regarding morinidazole and tigecycline were awarded with
the “Outstanding Award for Patent in the PRC”* (中國專利優秀獎) and “Silver Award for Patents in the
PRC”* (中國專利銀獎) by China National Intellectual Property Administration (中國國家知識產權局),
respectively.

In August 2020, Jiangsu Hansoh was awarded with “R&D-driven Pharmaceutical Companies in China”*
(中國醫藥研發產品線最佳工業企業) by the China National Pharmaceutical Industry Information Center (中
國醫藥工業信息中心).

In August 2020, Jiangsu Hansoh was named as an enterprise with Excellence in Performing Social
Responsibilities Among Chinese Pharmaceutical Enterprises* (中國醫藥企業社會責任優秀) by the China
National Pharmaceutical Industry Information Center (中國醫藥工業信息中心).

In October 2020, Jiangsu Hansoh was awarded with the “Green Supply Chain Management Enterprise
Award”* (綠色供應鏈管理企業) by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of China (中國工
業和信息化部).

In November 2020, the Group’s “R&D and industrialization project of the National Category 1 innovative
drug long acting PEG-loxenatide for injection” was awarded with the Honor Award of the China Industrial
Award* (中國工業大獎表彰獎) by China Federation of Industrial Economics (中國工業經濟聯合會).

In December 2020, aumolertinib mesylate tablets, flumatinib mesylate tablets and PEG-loxenatide for
injection, all being Category 1 innovative drugs of the Group, are included in the NRDL (2020).




                                                                                    2021 ANNUAL REPORT      3
    Corporate Overview


    In January 2021, the Company successfully completed the issuance and listing of US$600 million
    zero-coupon convertible bonds due in 2026.

    In June 2021, the Group’s Category 1 innovative drug, Hengmu (tenofovir amibufenamide tablets), was
    granted drug registration approval by the NMPA.

    In June 2021, Blossom Biosciences was co-founded and incubated by the Group and Cormorant Asset
    Management, which co-led and completed the US$72 million Series A financing.

    In August 2021, Jiangsu Hansoh was honored as China’s Best Industrial Enterprises in Pharmaceutical
    R & D P i p e l i n e * ( 中國醫藥研發產品線最佳工業企業 ) b y C h i n a N a t i o n a l P h a r m a c e u t i c a l I n d u s t r y
    Information Center (中國醫藥工業信息中心).

    In December 2021, the Group held a grand opening for its global operation headquarter and R&D center
    and embarked on a new journey of the Group’s innovation and globalization at full steam.

    In December 2021, the Group’s innovative drug, Hengmu (tenofovir amibufenamide tablets), was
    included into the updated NRDL.

    In December 2021, the Group’s Category 1 innovative drug, Ameile (aumolertinib mesylate tablets),
    was granted drug registration approval by the NMPA as the first-line treatment of adult patients with
    locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC whose tumors have EGFR exon 19 deletions or exon 21 (L858R)
    substitution mutation.

    The Company places a high value on ESG management and improvement. In its latest ESG rating report
    released in 2021, MSCI upgraded the rating of the Company from BBB to A.




4   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Information


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                      ESG COMMITTEE 2

Executive Directors                                     Mr. Lyu Aifeng (呂愛鋒) (Chairman)
                                                        Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤)
Ms. Zhong Huijuan (鍾慧娟)                                 Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉)
 (Chairlady and Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Lyu Aifeng (呂愛鋒)                                    NOMINATION COMMITTEE 3
Miss Sun Yuan (孫遠)
                                                        Ms. Zhong Huijuan (鍾慧娟) (Chairlady)
Non-executive Director                                  Mr. Lin Guoqiang (林國強)
                                                        Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉)
Ms. Ma Cuifang (馬翠芳) 1
                                                        JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                        Ms. Zhong Shengli (鍾勝利)
Mr. Lin Guoqiang (林國強)                                  Ms. Li Yan Wing Rita (李昕穎)
Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉)
Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤)                                  AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

AUDIT COMMITTEE                                         Miss Sun Yuan (孫遠)
                                                        Ms. Li Yan Wing Rita (李昕穎)
Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉) (Chairman)
Mr. Lin Guoqiang (林國強)                                  STOCK CODE
Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤)
                                                        Ordinary Shares
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                                        Stock Code: 3692
Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤) (Chairlady)
Ms. Zhong Huijuan (鍾慧娟)                                 Convertible Bonds
Mr. Lin Guoqiang (林國強)                                  US$600,000,000 zero-coupon convertible bonds
                                                        due in 2026 issued on January 22, 2021
STRATEGY AND DEVELOPMENT COMMITTEE                      The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                                        Convertible Bonds Code: 40546
Ms. Zhong Huijuan (鍾慧娟) (Chairlady)
Mr. Lyu Aifeng (呂愛鋒)
Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉)
Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤)




1    Ms. Ma Cuifang resigned as a non-executive Director of the Company on September 6, 2021
2    The ESG Committee was established on June 28, 2021
3    The Nomination Committee was established on December 23, 2021



                                                                                         2021 ANNUAL REPORT   5
    Corporate Information


    REGISTERED OFFICE IN THE CAYMAN ISLANDS            HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISOR

    PO Box 309, Ugland House                           Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton (Hong Kong)
    Grand Cayman, KY1-1104                             37/F, Hysan Place
    Cayman Islands                                     500 Hennessy Road
                                                       Causeway Bay
    PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS AND HEAD               Hong Kong
    OFFICE IN THE PEOPLE ’ S REPUBLIC OF CHINA
                                                       CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
    287 Xiangke Road                                   AND TRANSFER OFFICE
    Pudong New District
    Shanghai, 201210                                   Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
    The People’s Republic of China                     PO Box 1093, Boundary Hall
                                                       Cricket Square
    PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG           Grand Cayman, KY1-1102
                                                       Cayman Islands
    Level 54, Hopewell Centre
    183 Queen’s Road East                              HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND
    Hong Kong                                          TRANSFER OFFICE

    AUDITOR                                            Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                                       Level 54, Hopewell Centre
    Ernst & Young                                      183 Queen’s Road East
    Certified Public Accountants                       Hong Kong
    27/F, One Taikoo Place
    979 King’s Road                                    COMPANY ’ S WEBSITE
    Quarry Bay
    Hong Kong                                          www.hspharm.com

    PRINCIPAL BANK

    Lianyungang Branch of the Bank of Communications
    No.45 Huanghe Road
    Economic & Technical Development Zone
    Lianyungang
    Jiangsu
    The People’s Republic of China




6   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Financial Highlights


RESULTS

                                        2021         2020          2019         2018         2017
                                     RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000

REVENUE                              9,935,141    8,690,234     8,682,746    7,722,278    6,185,537
Cost of sales                         (870,042)    (801,561)     (729,540)    (603,100)    (455,171)

Gross profit                         9,065,099    7,888,673     7,953,206    7,119,178    5,730,366

Other income                           393,188     220,637     221,219      77,953      93,230
Selling and distribution expenses   (3,427,818) (3,103,018) (3,266,380) (3,208,680) (2,704,200)
Administrative expenses               (943,423)   (758,641)   (777,692)   (790,158)   (614,075)
Research and development costs      (1,797,012) (1,252,246) (1,120,681)   (881,288)   (575,544)
Other gains/(expenses), net             62,866     102,894      (8,747)     (7,680)      3,014
Finance cost                           (52,818)          –           –           –           –

PROFIT BEFORE TAX                    3,300,082    3,098,299     3,000,925    2,309,325    1,932,791
Income tax expense                    (587,180)    (529,392)     (444,183)    (406,277)    (337,318)

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                  2,712,902    2,568,907     2,556,742    1,903,048    1,595,473



ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                                              At December 31,
                                        2021         2020             2019       2018        2017
                                     RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000    RMB’ 000

Total assets                        27,160,171 20,792,060 19,575,204         8,414,371    5,874,048
Total liabilities                    7,131,326  2,916,462  6,530,882         5,946,473    1,355,358
Total equity                        20,028,845 17,875,598 13,044,322         2,467,898    4,518,690




                                                                               2021 ANNUAL REPORT      7
    Chairlady’s Statement


    In 2021, China’s pharmaceutical demand improved steadily, as the medical reform become more in-
    depth, innovation and R&D was in the ascendant, and the pharmaceutical industry entered an era of “fast
    cycle”. During 2021, the Group also began to reap the benefits from its continuous implementation of the
    innovation and transformation strategy, which facilitated our positive progress in independent R&D and
    innovation, as well as global strategic cooperation.

    During the Reporting Period, the proportion of innovative drugs sales revenue increased to 42.3% from
    18.0% for 2021. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group obtained marketing approval in China
    for 5 Category 1 self-developed innovative drugs, which were all included in the NRDL. Among which,
    the approval of the innovative drug Ameile (aumolertinib mesylate tablets) for the first-line treatment of
    NSCLC as a new indication was obtained during the Reporting Period. In March 2021, Hengmu (tenofovir
    amibufenamide tablets) was approved and included in the NRDL in the same year, and hence, became
    the fastest drug of the Group to enter the NRDL after obtaining marketing approval.

    In 2021, we continued to pay close attention to frontier technology in the global pharmaceutical industry
    and in-licensed two clinical-stage products, including one with a novel mechanism of action, which was
    approved for marketing in the United States and received Phase III clinical trial approval in China. The
    Group also established various platform collaborations, including two RNA interference-based platform
    collaborations through which the Group greatly diversified the innovative drug product pipeline and
    boosted innovation capabilities.

    In recent years, we have been placing a high value on ESG management and enhancement. In 2021, the
    Board established the ESG Committee for the ongoing optimization of ESG management and performance,
    so as to gain recognition from the capital market for our ESG work and transform the Company into a
    sustainable enterprise. In its latest ESG rating report released in 2021, MSCI upgraded our rating from
    BBB to A.

    In December 2021, we held a grand opening for the global operation headquarter and R&D center
    situated in the core area of Zhangjiang Hi-tech Park in Shanghai and embarked on a new journey of
    medical innovation and globalization. We believe the focus on innovation is the core driving force for
    pharmaceutical enterprises. Adhering to the dual engine strategy driven by both internal R&D and
    external BD collaboration, we will further diversify the product pipeline, optimise the product mix and
    increase the proportion of revenue contributed by our innovative drug products on a continuous basis,
    thereby introducing more and better innovative products to patients around the world.

    I hereby would like to express my sincere gratitude to our Shareholders, members of the Board, the
    management of our Group, all our staff, as well as our business partners.



    Ms. Zhong Huijuan
    Chairlady and Chief Executive Officer




8   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


INDUSTRY REVIEW

During the Reporting Period, China entered into the normalization stage in terms of COVID-19 preventive
measures and the economy witnessed a positive and steady recovery. The pharmaceutical industry is
expected to maintain a development trend with a growth rate higher than that of the macro-economy
and benefit from rising inelastic demand for medical services as driven by the ageing population and
consumption upgrade in China.

In line with the continuous promotion of policies for medical reform, China’s pharmaceutical industry
underwent a new round of transformation and upgrade. At the same time, the R&D and launch of
innovative drugs gained rapid momentum. In November 2021, the Center for Drug Evaluation of the
NMPA issued the Clinical Value-Oriented Oncology Drug Clinical Development Guidelines* (     《以臨床價值
為導向的抗腫瘤藥物臨床研發指導原則》                     ), which proposed more stringent requirements in relation to the
effectiveness and innovativeness of R&D and innovation for pharmaceutical companies. Pharmaceutical
companies that define new technology as the driving force, patients’ needs as the core and clinical value
as the orientation enjoy increasing competitive edges and align well with the industry development trend.

BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS

The Group continues its innovation transformation. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales
revenue of innovative drugs amounted to approximately RMB4,202 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of approximately 168.9%, and the proportion of innovative drugs sales revenue increased to
42.3% from 18.0% for the corresponding period of the previous year. In terms of innovation and R&D, the
Group continued to increase R&D investment to increase the innovation capability and R&D efficiency.
As at the end of the Reporting Period, a total of 5 innovative drugs were approved for marketing and all of
them were included in the NRDL, among which, the approval of the innovative drug Ameile (aumolertinib
mesylate tablets) for the first-line treatment of NSCLC as a new indication was obtained during the
Reporting Period. At the same time, Hengmu (tenofovir amibufenamide tablets) was approved in June
2021 and was included in the NRDL in the same year. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group
had about 1,650 R&D staff and over 10 new innovative drug programs entering clinical stage. The
headquarter of the global operation and R&D center was also put into operation in the Reporting Period.
Meanwhile, the Group paid close attention to frontier technology in the global pharmaceutical industry.
With respect to BD, it enhanced the Group’s innovation capabilities and enriched its innovation product
pipeline through in-licensing and joint development. During the Reporting Period, two clinical-stage
products were licensed in and various platforms collaborations were established. The Group kept on
promoting marketing transformation and upgrades during the Reporting Period. About 300 investigators
initiated clinical studies for our marketed innovation drugs. Such studies generate extensive clinical
evidence for expanding the application of our innovative drugs in practice and enhance the confidence
of both doctors and patients on treatment. Apart from that, the Group continued to build the professional
market access team so that it could realize coverage of large hospitals promptly after the inclusion
of innovative drug products in the NRDL. In order to improve the efficiency of marketing operation,
the Group advanced the marketing support system, optimized the information data platform and the
marketing efficiency system, and strengthened compliance management and training.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Group recorded revenue of approximately RMB9,935
million during the Reporting Period, representing an increase of approximately 14.3% compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year; net profit of approximately RMB2,713 million, representing
an increase of approximately 5.6% compared with the corresponding period of the previous year; and
earnings per share of approximately RMB0.46, representing an increase of approximately 4.8% compared
with the corresponding period of the previous year.




                                                                                     2021 ANNUAL REPORT       9
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS (Continued)

     We generate substantially all of our revenue from sales of pharmaceutical products. Our main products
     are in the oncology, anti-infectives, CNS diseases, metabolic diseases and other main therapeutic areas
     the Group strategically targets at, in which sales revenue of innovative drugs amounted to approximately
     RMB4,202 million, representing an increase of approximately 168.9% as compared with the year ended
     December 31, 2020, and the proportion of the total revenue increased from 18.0% for the year ended
     December 31, 2020 to 42.3% for the year ended December 31, 2021.

     In respect of oncology products, we primarily focus on the treatment of solid tumors with high incidence
     such as lung cancer, as well as hematological cancer. Our oncology product portfolio mainly consists of
     Ameile (aumolertinib mesylate tablets), an innovative drug, Hansoh Xinfu (flumatinib mesylate tablets),
     an innovative drug, Pulaile (pemetrexed disodium for injection), Zefei (gemcitabine hydrochloride for
     injection), Xinwei (imatinib mesylate tablets), Xintai (bortezomib for injection) and Tanneng (fosaprepitant
     dimeglumine for injection). During the Reporting Period, revenue from our oncology drug portfolio
     amounted to approximately RMB5,481 million, accounting for approximately 55.2% of the total revenue
     of the Group.

     Our anti-infective product portfolio mainly consists of, among others, Mailingda (morinidazole sodium
     chloride injection), an innovative drug, Hengmu (tenofovir amibufenamide tablets), an innovative drug,
     Zetan (tigecycline for injection), Hengjie (linezolid glucose formulations) and Hengsen (micafungin
     sodium for injection). The Company mainly focuses on treatment products for drug-resistant bacteria as
     the clinical needs of these products are increasing. Meanwhile, the Company adopts rational drug use as
     the guiding direction for academic activities of anti-infective drugs, so as to promote the regulated clinical
     use of anti-infective drugs. During the Reporting Period, revenue from our anti-infective drug portfolio
     amounted to approximately RMB1,503 million, accounting for approximately 15.1% of the total revenue
     of the Group.

     Our CNS disease product portfolio mainly consists of, among others, Oulanning (olanzapine oral dose
     formulations) and Ameining (agomelatine tablets). During the Reporting Period, revenue from our CNS
     disease drug portfolio amounted to approximately RMB1,678 million, accounting for approximately 16.9%
     of the total revenue of the Group.

     Product portfolio of metabolic diseases and other areas mainly consists of, among others, Fulaimei
     (PEG-loxenatide for injection), an innovative drug, Ruibote (rabeprazole sodium enteric-coated tablets)
     and Fulaidi (repaglinide tablets). During the Reporting Period, revenue from the drug portfolio in relation
     to the abovementioned areas amounted to approximately RMB1,273 million, accounting for approximately
     12.8% of the total revenue of the Group.




10   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


INNOVATIVE DRUG PRODUCTS

During the Reporting Period, the sales revenue of innovative drugs amounted to approximately RMB4,202
million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 168.9% and accounted for approximately
42.3% of the Group’s total revenue. The sales revenue of innovative drugs includes the revenues of
five innovative drug products, namely Ameile, Hansoh Xinfu, Mailingda, Fulaimei and Hengmu. Ameile,
Hansoh Xinfu and Fulaimei were included in the NRDL which is effective since March 2021, which
allowed them to swiftly cover hundreds of large hospitals and DTP pharmacies. With the rising coverage
rate, the number of patients using these drugs increased significantly. Mailingda renewed the agreement
with the NHSA for the second time and remained in the NRDL. Capitalizing on the extensive experience
in clinical use, it continued to maintain its rapid growth. In June 2021, Hengmu was approved for
marketing and its clinical data was well-known by hepatitis B experts nationwide as a result of active
academic promotion activities of the Group. In 2021, Hengmu was included in the NRDL following
medical insurance negotiation which is effective starting from January 2022, and hence, its timeline from
approval for marketing to entering into the NRDL was the shortest in the Group.

Ameile

Ameile (aumolertinib mesylate tablets) is the first innovative third-generation EGFR-TKI drug wholly
developed in China. In December 2021, Ameile obtained approval to be used as the first-line treatment
for adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC whose tumors have epidermal growth factor
receptor (EGFR) exon 19 deletions or exon 21 (L858R) substitute mutation positive. In 2020, Ameile
obtained approval for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC with T790M
mutation, who have progressed on or after EGFR-TKI therapy. Ameile was included in the NRDL after
negotiations in 2020 which is effective starting from March 2021.

In February 2021, Ameile met its primary end point as first-line treatment for patients with locally
advanced or metastatic EGFR-mutated NSCLC in the Phase 3 clinical data. Its concrete clinical data,
which was presented at the ASCO Meeting in June 2021, shows that the median progression-free
survival (mPFS) of the first-line treatment of NSCLC achieved 19.3 months. In September 2021, the
overall survival data of Ameile as the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC
with T790M mutation, who have progressed on or after EGFR-TKI therapy, were presented at the ESMO
Meeting, reporting that the median survival (mOS) of the second-line treatment of NSCLC achieved 30.2
months.

Since its launch, Ameile has been widely prescribed in clinical practices, bringing new hope to lung
cancer patients in China. Ameile has been included in the Guidelines of Chinese Society of Clinical
Oncology for the treatment of Non-small Cell Lung Cancer in 2020* (《2020 年CSCO 非小細胞肺癌診
療指南》    ) due to its efficacy and safety which were highly recognized by clinical experts, and has been
renewed and included in the recommendation for first-line indications in the Guidelines of Chinese
Society of Clinical Oncology for the treatment of Non-small Cell Lung Cancer in 2021* (
                                                                                      《2021年CSCO非
小細胞肺癌診療指南》            ).

Hansoh Xinfu

Hansoh Xinfu (flumatinib mesylate tablets) is the second-generation Bcr-Abl TKI. Hansoh Xinfu was
included in the NRDL after negotiations in 2020 which is effective since March 2021. Hansoh Xinfu is
used for the treatment of chronic myelogenous leukemia. Based on the results of existing clinical trials,
its efficacy is better than that of imatinib. Further, no pleural effusion or cardiotoxicity which incurred
in the use of other second-generation Bcr-Abl TKI and its safety is more favorable. Since its launch,
patients have been benefited significantly and the product has been adopted for long-term application by
an increasing number of patients. Hansoh Xinfu is recommended as the first-line treatment for chronic
myelogenous leukemia in the Guidelines for Diagnosis and Treatment of Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia
in China (2020 Edition)* (《中國慢性髓性白血病診斷與治療指南(2020版) 》                        ).

                                                                                     2021 ANNUAL REPORT       11
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     INNOVATIVE DRUG PRODUCTS (Continued)

     Mailingda

     Mailingda (morinidazole sodium chloride for injection) is the first self-developed innovative drug of the
     Group. In December 2021, it was included in the NRDL after negotiation and we renewed the agreement
     with the NHSA without further price cut. Mailingda is the latest generation of nitroimidazole-class drug
     indicated for treatment of pelvic inflammatory disease in women, as well as combined surgery for the
     treatment of suppurative appendicitis and gangrenous appendicitis. It has a better safety profile than
     the previous generation of typical drug named ornidazole. Mailingda is recommended in the treatment of
     intra-abdominal infection in the Chinese Guideline for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Intra-abdominal
     Infection (2019 Edition)* (《中國腹腔感染診治指南(2019版)》               ). In 2017, Mailingda was included in the
     NRDL after negotiation. The agreement with the NHSA was successfully renewed twice consecutively in
     November 2019 and December 2021, respectively.

     Fulaimei

     Fulaimei (PEG-loxenatide for injection) is the Group’s self-developed innovative diabetes drug.
     Fulaimei was included in the NRDL after negotiations in 2020 which is effective starting from March
     2021. Fulaimei is the first innovative drug launched by using the Group’s proprietary PEGylation
     technology. With significant blood sugar lowering efficacy and good safety, it requires only once-weekly
     administration. It is the first long-acting GLP-1 innovative drug wholly developed in China, providing a
     new treatment option to diabetes patients in China. Fulaimei has been included in the Prevention and
     Therapy Guidelines for Type 2 Diabetes in China (2020 Edition)* (  《中國2 型糖尿病防治指南(2020 版)》              )
     released by the Chinese Diabetes Society (CDS) in April 2021.

     Hengmu

     Hengmu (tenofovir amibufenamide tablets) is the novel tenofovir prodrug self-developed by the Group.
     The product is also the first wholly-developed oral dose medicine indicated for the treatment of
     hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection in China. Hengmu was approved for marketing in June 2021 and was
     included in the NRDL in the same year through negotiation. Hengmu is a new type of nucleotide reverse
     transcriptase inhibitors. By optimizing the structure, the drug has higher cell membrane penetration rate
     and is easier to enter liver cells so as to achieve liver-targeting, which effectively improves drug plasma
     stability and reduces patient’s exposure to tenofovir. It is a safer long-term treatment option. In November
     2021, Hengmu was recommended by the Expert Consensus on Antiviral Therapy for HBV/HCV-related
     Hepatocellular Carcinoma (2021 Updated Version)* (     《HBV/HCV 相關肝細胞癌抗病毒治療專家共識(2021
     年更新版)》) to be used as a first-line HBV antiviral medicine in the “antiviral therapy for secondary
     prevention of HBV-related HCC”.

     R&D AND INNOVATION

     The Group has one of the largest R&D teams among pharmaceutical companies in China. Our
     professional R&D team consists of about 1,650 research fellows at four R&D centres in Shanghai,
     Lianyungang and Changzhou, as well as the United States respectively. We have several national-level
     R&D designations, including the National Technology Center* (國家級技術中心), Post-doctoral Research
     Station* (博士後科研工作站) and Key National Laboratory* (國家重點實驗室). Furthermore, in December
     2021, the Group held a grand opening for its global operation headquarter and R&D center situated
     in the core area of Zhangjiang Hi-tech Park in Shanghai, and embarked on a new journey of medical
     innovation and globalization at full steam.




12   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


R&D AND INNOVATION (Continued)

The Group focuses on R&D of innovative products in the fields such as oncology, anti-infectives, CNS
diseases and metabolic diseases as well as autoimmune diseases. At present, we have 36 clinical-stage
research projects, including over 25 clinical programs of innovative drug programs that have entered
into the clinical development stage. During the Reporting Period, the Group obtained a total of 77
patents granted in China (including 9 granted in Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) and 11 patents granted
overseas. It has also obtained marketing approval for 11 new products, including 2 innovative drugs
(inclusive of new indications): Category 1 innovative drugs Hengmu and Ameile, which are used for
the first-line treatment of new indications. The Group filed 8 new applications for marketing, including
2 innovative drugs: Category 1 innovative product Pegmolesatide (formerly known as PEG Sihematide)
and Ameile for the first-line treatment of new indication, which has been approved during the Reporting
Period. It has newly filed and obtained 15 clinical approvals, including 14 clinical approvals related to
innovative drug programs. Details of progress made by the Group in respect of innovative drugs during
the Reporting Period were as follows:

Marketing approval for innovative drugs

In June 2021, Hengmu (tenofovir amibufenamide tablets) obtained marketing approval for the treatment
of chronic hepatitis B in adult patients.

In December 2021, the new indication of Ameile (aumolertinib mesylate tablets) obtained marketing
approval to be used as the first-line treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic
NSCLC whose tumors have epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) exon 19 deletions or exon 21 (L858R)
mutations.

Application for marketing of innovative drugs

In October 2021, the application for marketing for Pegmolesatide (formerly known as PEG Sihematide)
(HS-20039), a self-developed innovative drug of the Group, was accepted by the NMPA. This drug is
intended to be used for the treatment of dialysis patients who are receiving erythropoietin treatment due
to anemia caused by chronic kidney disease (CKD).

Clinical approvals newly filed and obtained for innovative drugs

In May 2021, HS-10365 capsules, a Category 1 innovative drug self-developed by the Group, has been
granted a clinical trial notice issued by the NMPA, and is intended to be used for the treatment of
advanced malignant solid tumor with the specific indications to be determined after the clinical trials.

In July 2021, HS-20094 injections, a Category 1 innovative drug self-developed by the Group, has been
granted a clinical trial notice issued by the NMPA, and is intended to be used for the treatment of type
2 diabetes (T2DM), obesity and hyperlipidemia with the specific indications to be determined after the
clinical trials.

In July 2021, HS-10376 tablets, a Category 1 innovative drug self-developed by the Group, has been
granted a clinical trial notice issued by the NMPA, and is intended to be used for the treatment of locally
advanced or metastatic NSCLC whose tumors have EGFR 1 and/or EGFR 2 (EGFR and/or HER2) exon 20
insertion mutations, with the specific indications to be determined after the clinical trials.

In September 2021, HS-20089 injections, an innovative drug self-developed by the Group, has been
granted a clinical trial notice issued by the NMPA, and is intended to be used for the treatment of
advanced solid tumors with the specific indications to be determined after the clinical trials.



                                                                                      2021 ANNUAL REPORT      13
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     R&D AND INNOVATION (Continued)

     Clinical approvals newly filed and obtained for innovative drugs (Continued)

     In September 2021, HS-20093 injections, an innovative drug self-developed by the Group, has been
     granted a clinical trial notice issued by the NMPA, and is intended to be used for the treatment of
     advanced solid tumors with the specific indications to be determined after the clinical trials.

     In September 2021, HS-10375 tablets, a Category 1 innovative drug self-developed by the Group, has
     been granted a clinical trial notice issued by the NMPA, and is intended to be used for the treatment of
     advanced NSCLC patients with the specific indications to be determined after the clinical trials.

     In September 2021, HS-10381 capsules, a Category 1 innovative drug self-developed by the Group, has
     been granted a clinical trial notice issued by the NMPA, and is intended to be used for the treatment of
     advanced solid tumor with the specific indications to be determined after the clinical trials.

     In December 2021, Ibrexafungerp tablets has been granted a clinical trial notice issued by the NMPA.
     The Group will conduct phase 3 clinical trial for vulvovaginal candidiasis (VVC) in China with the specific
     indications to be determined after the clinical trials.

     In December 2021, HS-10383 tablets, a Category 1 innovative drug self-developed the Group, has
     been granted a clinical trial notice issued by the NMPA, and is intended to be used for the treatment of
     refractory or unexplained chronic cough with the specific indications to be determined after the clinical
     trials.

     BD

     The Group adheres to the dual engine strategy driven by both in house R&D and external BD
     collaboration. In addition to making internal R&D investment, the Group also actively sought opportunities
     in respect of innovative products and early-stage highly differentiated projects with proof of concept, so
     as to strengthen the product pipeline. In order to enhance innovation capabilities, the Group actively
     enabled different platform collaboration around the world and established an extensive and competitive
     R&D pipeline.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group introduced 2 clinical-stage assets, including a product with novel
     mechanism of action, which was recently approved for marketing in the United States and received Phase
     III clinical trial approval in China. The Group also established various platform collaborations, including
     two RNA interference-based platform collaborations through which the Group greatly diversified the
     innovative drug product pipeline and boosted innovation capabilities of the Group. During the Reporting
     Period, the expenses of BD project (including upfront payment(s) and milestone payment(s)) paid by the
     Group were approximately RMB374 million in total.




14   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


BD (Continued)

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s major collaborations were as follows:

Collaboration with SCYNEXIS

In February 2021, the Group entered into an exclusive license and collaboration agreement with
SCYNEXIS, pursuant to which the Group obtained an exclusive license from SCYNEXIS to research,
develop and commercialize ibrexafungerp in China (including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan).

Ibrexafungerp is the first antifungal class drug in over 20 years with a novel mechanism of action. It
obtained the approval for treatment of vaginal yeast infections by the U.S. FDA in June 2021. This agent
combines the well-established activity of glucan synthase inhibitors with the potential flexibility of having
oral and intravenous (IV) formulations. Ibrexafungerp is in late-stage clinical development for multiple
indications, including fungal infections caused primarily by Candida (including C. auris) and Aspergillus
species in hospitalized patients. It has demonstrated broad-spectrum antifungal activity, in vitro and in
vivo experiments, against multidrug-resistant pathogens, including azole- and echinocandin-resistant
strains.

Collaboration with Keros

In December 2021, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with Keros, pursuant to which
the Group obtained an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize KER-050 within the
territories of Mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau.

KER-050 is an engineered ligand trap comprised of a modified ligand-binding domain of the TGF-ß
receptor that is fused to the portion of the human antibody known as the Fc domain. KER-050 is being
clinically developed for the treatment of cytopenias, including anemia and thrombocytopenia, in patients
with myelodysplastic syndromes, and in patients with myelofibrosis.

Collaboration with Olix Pharmaceuticals

In October 2021, the Group entered into an exclusive license and cooperation agreement with Olix. The
Group and Olix will leverage Olix’s GalNAc-asiRNA platform to discover lead compounds and secure
development of drug candidates for targets in cardiovascular, metabolic and other diseases associated
with the liver. The Group has the exclusive commercial rights of the abovementioned therapeutics in
China (including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) and Olix will have the rights in other countries and
territories outside China.

Collaboration with Silence Therapeutics

In October 2021, the Group entered into an exclusive license and cooperation agreement with Silence
Therapeutics. The Group and Silence Therapeutics will collaborate to develop siRNA for three targets
leveraging Silence Therapeutics’ proprietary mRNAi GOLD™ platform. For the first two targets, the
Group will have the exclusive option to license rights in China (including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan)
following the completion of phase 1 studies and Silence Therapeutics will retain exclusive rights in other
countries and territories outside China. Silence Therapeutics will be responsible for all activities up to
option exercise and will retain responsibility for development outside the abovementioned territory post
phase 1 clinical studies for the first two targets. For the third target, the Group will have the exclusive
option to license global rights at the point of Investigational New Drug (IND) filing. The Group will be
responsible for all development activities post option exercise for the third target.




                                                                                       2021 ANNUAL REPORT       15
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     BD (Continued)

     Co-founded Blossom Biosciences with Cormorant Asset Management

     In June 2021, the Group co-founded and incubated Blossom Biosciences with Cormorant Asset
     Management. Currently, Blossom Biosciences has completed the US$72 million Series A financing jointly
     led by the Group and Cormorant Asset Management. Blossom Biosciences aims to bring more potentially
     transformative medicine to patients in China. Blossom Biosciences has entered into an agreement with
     the Group, pursuant to which the Group shall provide pre-clinical, clinical and commercialization support
     to Blossom Biosciences to expedite the R&D and launch of its product pipeline in China. Cormorant
     Asset Management will support Blossom Biosciences by leveraging its extensive global biopharmaceutical
     resources and portfolio to in-license innovative products to Blossom Biosciences.

     LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

     For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Group’s operating activities generated a net cash inflow of
     RMB2,577 million. The capital expenditure during the Reporting Period was RMB1,508 million, mainly
     relating to the construction and purchase of additional buildings and workshops, as well as the purchase
     of equipment, motor vehicles and software required for production, R&D and administrative activities.
     The cash flow of financing activities for the Reporting Period mainly consisted of the net proceeds of
     RMB3,853 million from the issuance of convertible bonds and the payment for dividends of RMB381
     million.

     The Group’s financial position remains sound. As at December 31, 2021, we had cash and bank
     balances of RMB14,702 million (as at December 31, 2020: RMB4,285 million), financial assets at fair
     value through profit or loss of RMB2,357 million (as at December 31, 2020: RMB200 million), other
     financial assets of RMB1,874 million (as at December 31, 2020: RMB9,233 million). As at December 31,
     2021, our financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and other financial assets primarily comprise
     of investments in financial products issued by commercial banks. The Group’s purchase of financial
     products after the Listing does not constitute notifiable transactions of the Company under the Listing
     Rules. As at December 31, 2021, the Group’s gearing ratio (calculated as total liabilities divided by total
     assets) was approximately 26.3% (as at December 31, 2020: 14.0%).

     Most of the Group’s assets and liabilities are denominated in Renminbi and United States Dollars. The
     Group manages its foreign exchange risk by closely monitoring its net foreign exchange exposure to
     reduce the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations.

     PLEDGE OF GROUP ASSETS

     As at December 31, 2021, none of the Group’s assets was subject to any encumbrance, mortgage, lien,
     charge or pledge.

     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

     As at December 31, 2021, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.

     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD

     During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any significant investments.




16   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

As at December 31, 2021, the Group did not have any plans for material investments and capital assets.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of
subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.

EMPLOYEES AND EMOLUMENTS POLICY

As at December 31, 2021, the Group had a total of 12,150 full-time employees, whose remuneration is
determined based on their performance and experience as well as the prevailing market salary level.

The staff costs, including remuneration of the executive Directors, social welfare and other benefits, were
approximately RMB2,370 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. We also provide regular training
to employees designed to strengthen staff commitment to us and improve staff knowledge in a number
of important areas of our services, such as knowledge about the Company and our products as well as
sales, laws and regulations applicable to our operation, requirements under applicable GMP or other
certifications, quality control, production safety and corporate culture.

The Company has conditionally approved and adopted the RSU Scheme on May 27, 2019 to recognize
contributions by selected participants and give incentives thereto in order to retain them for the continual
operation and development of the Group and to attract suitable personnel for further development of
the Group. For details of the RSU Scheme, please refer to the section headed “Statutory and General
Information – D. Post-IPO RSU Scheme” in Appendix IV to the Prospectus. As at December 31, 2021,
17,542,000 restricted share units had been granted by the Company pursuant to the RSU Scheme.

PROSPECTS

Rising public awareness of health issues and the more in-depth development of the national medical
reform present both challenges and opportunities to the development of pharmaceutical industry. The
Group will continue to support and accelerate innovation development to achieve full transformation
and upgrade. Adopting the R&D philosophy that defines patients as the core and clinical needs as the
orientation, the Group will further strengthen its independent R&D capability, improve R&D efficiency,
speed up the launch of innovative products and the application of innovative outcomes and enhance
the proportion of revenue contributed by the Group’s innovative drug products on a continuous basis.
In addition, through BD, it will explore and expand the collaboration with leading global pharmaceutical
companies, introduce world-class frontier technology and products, diversify the Group’s product
pipelines, further optimize the Group’s product mix and enhance the Group’s capability in continuous
innovation. Meanwhile, it will secure stable and efficient production and supply to strictly maintain
high product quality. By accumulating experience and enhancing the marketing system, the Group will
establish a top-tier business system and workforce, especially the development of marketing system
and team for innovative drugs, striving to increase its overall competitiveness and offer more and better
innovative products to patients around the world.




                                                                                      2021 ANNUAL REPORT       17
     Corporate Governance Report


     The Board is pleased to present the Company’s Corporate Governance Report for the Reporting Period.

     A.   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

          The Company is committed to achieving high standards of corporate governance that properly
          protects and promotes the interests of all Shareholders and enhances corporate value and
          accountability.

          The Company’s corporate governance practices are based on the principles and code provisions as
          set out in the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules and the
          Company has adopted the Corporate Governance Code as its own code of corporate governance.

          The Company has complied with all applicable code provisions in effect during 2021 under the
          Corporate Governance Code during the Reporting Period, save for code provision A.2.1 (which has
          been renumbered as code provision C.2.1 since January 1, 2022) as disclosed in this report.

          On January 1, 2022, the amendments to the Corporate Governance Code came into effect and the
          requirements under the new Corporate Governance Code will apply to corporate governance reports
          for financial year commencing on or after January 1, 2022. The Board will periodically review and
          enhance its corporate governance practices to ensure that the Company continues to meet the
          requirements of the new Corporate Governance Code.

     B.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS

          Board of Directors

          The businesses of the Company are managed and conducted by the Board. The Board is
          responsible for leading and controlling the Group, promoting the success of the Company by guiding
          and overseeing the affairs of the Group, and making decisions objectively in the best interests of the
          Company.

          The Board will regularly review the contribution required from a Director to perform his/her
          responsibilities to the Group, and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them.
          Each Director should also disclose to the Company in a timely manner for any change, the number
          and nature of offices held in public companies or organizations and other significant commitments.

          To oversee particular aspects of the Company’s affairs, the Board has established five Board
          committees, including the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Strategy and
          Development Committee, the ESG Committee and the Nomination Committee. The Board has
          delegated to the Board committees the responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of
          reference.

          The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage in respect of liability arising from legal
          action against its Directors, and will conduct annual review on such insurance coverage.




18   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report


B.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

     Board Composition

     As at December 31, 2021, the Board comprised three executive Directors (including the Chairlady
     and Chief Executive Officer) and three independent non-executive Directors.

     Position                                    Name

     Executive Directors                         Ms. Zhong Huijuan (Chairlady and Chief Executive Officer)
                                                 Mr. Lyu Aifeng
                                                 Miss Sun Yuan

     Independent Non-executive Directors         Mr. Lin Guoqiang
                                                 Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai
                                                 Ms. Yang Dongtao

     Notes:

     (1)   Mr. Lyu Aifeng, Ms. Ma Cuifang and Mr. Lin Guoqiang were re-elected as executive Director, non-executive
           Director and independent non-executive Director, respectively, by the Shareholders at the annual general
           meeting held on June 3, 2021.

     (2)   Ms. Ma Cuifang resigned as a non-executive Director on September 6, 2021.

     The biographical details of Directors and the relations of Board members are set out in the section
     headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management” in this annual report.

     Independent Non-executive Directors

     The Board has complied with the requirements of the Listing Rules at any time during the Reporting
     Period. The Company has appointed three independent non-executive Directors with one of whom
     possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management
     expertise, and the independent non-executive Directors represent over one-third of the Board.

     The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive
     Directors in respect of his/her independence in accordance with the independence guidelines set
     out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all independent non-executive
     Directors are independent.

     Corporate Governance Functions

     The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in code provision of the Corporate
     Governance Code so as to ensure the establishment of sound corporate governance practices and
     procedures by the Company. During the Reporting Period, the Board has:

     (1)   considered, formulated and reviewed the Company’s policies and practices on corporate
           governance;

     (2)   reviewed and monitored the training and continuous professional development of Directors
           and senior management;




                                                                                            2021 ANNUAL REPORT        19
     Corporate Governance Report


     B.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

          Corporate Governance Functions (Continued)

          (3)   reviewed and monitored the Company’s policies and practices in compliance with legal and
                regulatory requirements as required under the applicable requirements of the Listing Rules;

          (4)   reviewed and monitored the Company’s own code of conduct regarding securities transactions
                of the Company by Directors and relevant employees (the “Company Code”); and

          (5)   reviewed the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and relevant
                disclosure.

          Responsibilities of the Board and the Management
          The Board reserves for its decision on all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and
          budgets, internal control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may
          involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment of Directors and other significant
          operational matters. Responsibilities relating to implementing decisions of the Board, directing and
          coordinating the daily operation and management of the Group are delegated to the management.

          Chairlady and Chief Executive Officer
          Code provision A.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code (which has been renumbered as code
          provision C.2.1 since January 1, 2022) states that the roles of chairman and chief executive should
          be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. The Company has appointed Ms.
          Zhong Huijuan (“Ms. Zhong”) as both the chairlady and the chief executive officer of the Company.
          Due to the nature and the extent of the Group’s operations and Ms. Zhong’s in-depth knowledge and
          experience in the PRC pharmaceutical industry, the Board considers that the balance of power and
          authority under the present structure is not impaired and this structure will enable the Company
          to make and implement decisions promptly and effectively. The Board will continue to review and
          consider splitting the roles of chairlady of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company
          at a time when it is appropriate by taking into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.

          Re-election of Directors

          Pursuant to the Corporate Governance Code, non-executive Directors shall be appointed for a
          specific term, subject to re-election and all Directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy shall be
          subject to election by Shareholders at the first general meeting after appointment and that every
          Director, including those appointed for a specific term, should be subject to retirement by rotation
          at least once every three years.

          In accordance with the Articles of Association, one third of the Directors for the time being shall
          retire from office by rotation at every annual general meeting of the Company provided that every
          Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at
          least once every three years and any Director appointed by the Board or elected by the Shareholders
          to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board shall hold office until the next general meeting
          of the Company after his/her appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting.

          The Company has entered into a service contract with each of the executive Directors for a term of
          three years and an appointment letter with each of the independent non-executive Directors for a
          term of three years. Directors are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election pursuant to the
          Articles of Association and the Listing Rules.

          The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are set out in
          the Articles of Association. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board
          composition, monitoring the appointment/re-election and succession planning of Directors.



20   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report


B.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

     Training and Continuous Professional Development

     Directors

     Each newly appointed Director receives formal, comprehensive and tailored induction on the first
     occasion of his/her appointment, in order to make sure that he/she has appropriate understanding of
     the business and operations of the Company and is fully aware of his/her duties and responsibilities
     as a Director under the Listing Rules and other relevant statutory requirements.

     Directors are encouraged to participate in appropriate continuous professional development to
     develop and refresh their knowledge and skills to ensure that their contribution to the Board
     remains informed and relevant.

     During the Reporting Period, the Company arranged internal briefings for Directors and sent reading
     material on relevant topics to Directors for their reference and studying, including reading materials
     in relation to legal and regulatory updates. Internal training sessions were also arranged for the
     Directors, which covered topics including but not limited to new regulations and practices related to
     ESG, and the amendments of the Listing Rules.

     Directors                                                                               Type(s) of Training Note

     Executive Directors
     Ms. Zhong Huijuan                                                                                     A and B
     Mr. Lyu Aifeng                                                                                        A and B
     Miss Sun Yuan                                                                                         A and B

     Non-executive Director
     Ms. Ma Cuifang (resigned on September 6, 2021)                                                                 B

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Lin Guoqiang                                                                                      A and B
     Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai                                                                           A and B
     Ms. Yang Dongtao                                                                                      A and B

     Note：

     Types of Training
     A： Attending training sessions, including but not limited to, briefings, seminars, conferences and workshops
     B： Reading relevant news alerts, newspapers, journals, magazines and relevant publications

     Joint Company Secretaries

     The Company Secretaries are responsible for facilitating the Board operation, as well as
     communications among the Board members, Shareholders and management. Ms. Zhong Shengli,
     together with Ms. Li Yan Wing Rita of Tricor Services Limited, which is an external service provider
     specializing in integrated business, corporate and investor services, have been engaged by the
     Company as its joint company secretaries. The biographical information of Ms. Zhong Shengli and
     Ms. Li Yan Wing Rita is set out in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
     Management” of this annual report. Ms. Zhong Shengli and Ms. Li Yan Wing Rita have confirmed
     that they have taken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the Reporting
     Period in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules. The primary contact person at the
     Company is Ms. Zhong Shengli.


                                                                                             2021 ANNUAL REPORT         21
     Corporate Governance Report


     B.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

          Board Committees

          As at December 31, 2021, the Board has established the following committees: Audit Committee,
          Remuneration Committee, Strategy and Development Committee, ESG Committee and Nomination
          Committee. These committees operate in accordance with their respective terms of reference
          established by the Board. All Board committees of the Company are established with defined written
          terms of reference. The terms of reference of the Board committees are posted on the websites
          of the Company and of the Stock Exchange and are available to Shareholders upon request.
          The majority of the members of each Board committee (except the Strategy and Development
          Committee) are independent non-executive Directors and the list of the chairman and members of
          each Board committee is set out under “Corporate Information” of this annual report.

          Audit Committee

          The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Chan
          Charles Sheung Wai (chairman of the Audit Committee) (“Mr Chan”), Mr. Lin Guoqiang (“Mr Lin”)
          and Ms. Yang Dongtao (“Ms Yang”).

          The major duties of the Audit Committee are set out clearly in its terms of reference, which
          primarily include assisting the Board in reviewing the financial information and reporting system,
          risk management and internal control system, relationship with external auditors, and reviewing
          arrangements that employees of the Company can use, in confidence, to raise concerns about
          possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters. The Audit Committee
          also performs the responsibilities as set out in the Corporate Governance Code.

          The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2021 have
          been reviewed by the Audit Committee and the external auditor. The Audit Committee is of the
          view that the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31,
          2021 comply with the applicable accounting standards and the Listing Rules, and that sufficient
          disclosures have been made.

          During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee held four meetings (including two meetings
          with the external auditors of the Company) to review the Group’s audited consolidated financial
          statements for the year ended December 31, 2020 as well as the effectiveness of the Company’s
          internal audit function and any recommendations on the management and control of internal risks
          and to review the unaudited consolidated financial statements for the six months ended June 30,
          2021. All members of the Audit Committee attended the meetings of the Audit Committee.

          Remuneration Committee

          The Remuneration Committee consists of three members: two independent non-executive Directors,
          namely, Ms. Yang (chairlady of the Remuneration Committee) and Mr. Lin, and one executive
          Director, namely, Ms. Zhong.

          The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include reviewing and making recommendations
          to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and non-executive
          Directors and senior management, the remuneration policy and structure for all Directors and senior
          management; and establishing transparent procedures for developing such remuneration policy and
          structure to ensure that no Director or any of his/her associates will participate in deciding his/her
          own remuneration.



22   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report


B.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

     Remuneration Committee (Continued)

     During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee held two meetings to consider and
     recommend to the Board the remuneration and other benefits paid by the Company to the Directors
     and senior management and grant of RSUs pursuant to the RSU Scheme. All members of the
     Remuneration Committee attended the meeting of the Remuneration Committee. The emoluments
     of Directors are determined by reference to the skills, experiences, responsibilities, employment
     conditions and time commitment in the Group’s affairs and performance of each Director as well as
     salaries paid by comparable companies and the prevailing market conditions.

     Strategy and Development Committee

     The Strategy and Development Committee consists of four members: two executive Directors,
     namely, Ms. Zhong (chairlady of the Strategy and Development Committee) and Mr. Lyu Aifeng (“Mr.
     Lyu”), and two independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Chan and Ms. Yang.

     The primary duties of the Strategy and Development Committee include conducting research and
     making suggestions for the medium-to-long-term development strategy and development plans of
     the Group, considering the annual operation plans and investment proposals of the Group, as well
     as conducting research and making suggestions for any expansion to new markets, launch of new
     business and R&D of new products of the Group.

     During the Reporting Period, the Strategy and Development Committee held one meeting to evaluate
     the development of the Group in 2021 and consider the future development strategies and plans,
     including but not limited to, the discussion about major investments, financing, reorganization, and
     plans for expansion to new markets, launch of new business and development of new products.
     All members of the Strategy and Development Committee attended the meeting of the Strategy and
     Development Committee.

     ESG Committee

     On June 28, 2021, the Company established the ESG Committee and formulated its written terms of
     reference. The ESG Committee consists of three members: one executive Director, namely Mr. Lyu
     (chairman of the ESG Committee), and two independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Chan
     and Ms. Yang.

     The primary duties of the ESG Committee include guiding and formulating the Group’s ESG vision,
     objectives, strategy and structure to ensure the meeting of the Group’s needs and compliance with
     applicable laws, regulations, regulatory requirements and international standards; supervising the
     development and implementation of the Group’s ESG vision, strategy and structure; guiding and
     reviewing the identification and prioritising of key ESG issues of the Group; reviewing major ESG
     trends and related risks and opportunities; assessing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s
     ESG structure accordingly; formulating relevant policies to effectively promote the relationship
     between the Group and its stakeholders and to protect the reputation of the Group; reviewing the
     Company’s ESG reports and other ESG related disclosures and making recommendations to the
     Board, etc.




                                                                                    2021 ANNUAL REPORT      23
     Corporate Governance Report


     B.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

          ESG Committee (Continued)

          During the Reporting Period, the ESG Committee held one meeting to review ESG enhancement
          initiatives and consider work plans, review and identify the material ESG issues of the Group
          and their priorities, identify risks relating to climate change, formulate countermeasures etc. All
          members of the ESG Committee attended meeting of the ESG Committee.

          Nomination Committee

          On December 23, 2021, the Company established the Nomination Committee and formulated its
          written terms of reference. The Nomination Committee consists of three members: one executive
          Director, namely Ms. Zhong (chairlady of the Nomination Committee), and two independent
          non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Lin and Mr. Chan.

          The primary duties of the Nomination Committee include reviewing the structure, size
          and composition of the Board (including skills, knowledge and experience of Directors),
          identifying individuals suitably qualified to become members of the Board, selecting or making
          recommendations to the Board on nominations, appointment or re-appointment of Directors and
          succession planning for Directors, and assessing the independence of independent non-executive
          Directors.

          The Nomination Committee had not held any meeting during the Reporting Period since it was
          newly established on December 23, 2021.

          Director Nomination Policy

          The Company has adopted a director nomination policy which aims to render clear basis and
          procedures for the nomination and appointment of Directors. The Board will take into account
          factors such as character and integrity, qualifications, skills, experience, independence and diversity
          of the candidates, and whether or not the candidate is willing and able to devote adequate time to
          discharge duties as a member of the Board and Board committee upon receipt of the proposal of
          appointment of new Directors or the nomination proposal made by Shareholders at general meetings
          of the Company. When Directors are re-elected at general meetings of the Company, apart from
          the above standards, the Board will also review the overall contributions and services of retiring
          Directors to the Company and their level of participation and performance in the Board.

          Nomination committee is responsible for reviewing the director nomination policy to ensure its
          effectiveness.

          Board Diversity Policy

          The Company has adopted a board diversity policy which sets out the objective and approach
          to achieve and maintain diversity of the Board in order to enhance its effectiveness. Pursuant to
          the Board Diversity Policy, the Board seeks to achieve its diversity through the consideration of a
          number of factors when selecting candidates to the Board, including but not limited to professional
          experience, skills, knowledge, gender, age, cultural and education background, ethnicity and length
          of service.




24   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report


B.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
     Board Diversity Policy (Continued)
     The Directors have a mix of knowledge and skills of, including, management, strategic development,
     business development, sales, R&D, industry research, investment management, finance, corporate
     finance, risk management, education, chemistry and the pharmaceutical industry. They obtained
     degrees in various areas including chemistry, organic chemistry, biomedical engineering, biomedical
     sciences, management, business administration, commerce, engineering, economics and corporate
     management. The age of Directors ranges from 35 years old to 79 years old.

     Nomination committee is responsible for reviewing the Board Diversity Policy, monitoring the
     implementation of the Board Diversity Policy and reviewing the Board Diversity Policy from time
     to time to ensure its continued effectiveness. As at December 31, 2021, the Board comprises
     6 Directors, of which 50% of them are female and 50% of them are male. Having reviewed the
     Board Diversity Policy and the Board’s composition, the Nomination Committee considered that the
     requirements of the Board Diversity Policy had been met and therefore, no measurable objective for
     the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy is required to be set. However, from time to time,
     the Nomination Committee will monitor the Board’s composition and consider setting measurable
     objectives and reviewing such objectives to ensure their appropriateness and ascertain the progress
     made towards achieving Board diversity.

     As at December 31, 2021, the full-time employees of the Group (including senior management)
     comprise about 65.5% male and 34.5% female.

     Attendance of Board Meetings and Committee Meetings
     Pursuant to the Corporate Governance Code, board meetings should be held at least four times
     a year at approximately quarterly intervals. During the Reporting Period, the Board has held five
     meetings.

     Pursuant to the Corporate Governance Code, the chairman of the Board should at least annually
     hold meetings with independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors.
     During the Reporting Period, the chairlady of the Board has held one meeting with independent
     non-executive Directors in compliance with the Corporate Governance Code.

     Details of the attendance of each Director at the Board meetings, committee meetings and general
     meeting during the Reporting Period are set out below:

     Number of meetings attended/Number of meetings held during the term of office of Directors
                                                                            Strategy and
                                                       Audit Remuneration   Development         ESG     Nomination     General
     Directors                             Board   Committee   Committee      Committee    Committee    Committee(2)   Meeting

     Executive Directors
     Ms. Zhong Huijuan                       5/5          –           2/2           1/1            –            0/0        1/1
     Mr. Lyu Aifeng                          5/5          –             –           1/1          1/1              –        1/1
     Miss Sun Yuan                           5/5          –             –             –            –              –        1/1

     Non-executive Director
     Ms. Ma Cuifang(1)                       4/4          –             –             –            –              –        0/1

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Lin Guoqiang                        5/5        4/4           2/2             –            –            0/0        1/1
     Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai             5/5        4/4             –           1/1          1/1            0/0        1/1
     Ms. Yang Dongtao                        5/5        4/4           2/2           1/1          1/1              –        1/1
     Notes:

     (1)    On September 6, 2021, Ms. Ma Cuifang resigned as a non-executive Director.

     (2)    The Nomination Committee was established on December 23, 2021.

                                                                                                       2021 ANNUAL REPORT        25
     Corporate Governance Report


     B.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

          Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors

          The Company has adopted the Company Code on terms no less exacting than the required standard
          set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained in
          Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules. Specific enquiry has been made to all Directors and all of them
          have confirmed that they have complied with the Company Code for the Reporting Period.

          No incident of non-compliance of the Company Code by the employees was noted by the Company.

          Remuneration of Senior Management

          There were 5 employees classified as senior management for the year ended December 31, 2021.
          The remuneration of the senior management by band is set out below:

                                                                                                   Number of
                                                                                                  employee(s)

          Below RMB500,000                                                                                  0
          RMB500,000 to RMB1,000,000                                                                        0
          RMB1,000,001 to RMB1,500,000                                                                      0
          Above RMB1,500,000                                                                                5

                                                                                                            5

     C.   ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

          Directors ’ Responsibility in respect of the Financial Statements

          The Board acknowledges its responsibility for preparing the accounts which seek to give a true
          and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and the Group, with necessary supporting
          assumptions or qualifications. The Directors also ensure the timely publication of the financial
          statements of the Company.

          The management provides explanation and information to the Board to enable it to make an
          informed assessment of the financial and other information to be approved.

          The Board endeavors to ensure a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of the Company’s
          position and prospects when the Company presents financial reports and other information to
          general public and regulators pursuant to the Listing Rules and other statutory requirements.

          The Board is not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast
          significant doubt over the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the Board
          continues to prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis.




26   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report


C.   ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

     Risk Management and Internal Control

     The Group is dedicated to establishing and maintaining a robust internal control system. The
     Group has adopted and implemented risk management policies in various aspects of our business
     operations to address various potential risks in relation to our strategic plan, R&D, infrastructure,
     procurement, manufacturing, distribution and retail. Our risk management system also covers
     general finance management, human resources, information technology, projects, logistics,
     subsidiaries and policy matters.

     The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the risk management and internal control systems and
     reviewing their effectiveness. The systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk
     of failing in achieving our business objectives, and can only provide a reasonable and not absolute
     assurance against material misstatement or loss.

     The Group has established a three-layer organizational framework (business departments, functional
     departments and internal control and audit department) to identify, analyze, categorize, control,
     and monitor various risks relating to the Group’s strategy, operation, market development, financial
     matters, legal matters, investment and financing, information security, anti-bribery and anti-money
     laundering. For risk identified, the Group promptly implements internal controls and continually
     optimizes related processes to mitigate potential risk.

     Please refer to “Business-Production and Quality Control-Risk Management” in the Prospectus for
     details of risk management policies.

     The internal audit department of the Company examined key issues in relation to the accounting
     practices and all material controls and provided its findings and recommendations for improvement
     to the Audit Committee. The Directors have conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of
     the risk management and internal control system of the Group during the year ended December
     31, 2021, covering all major functions including finance, operation and compliance. Based on the
     review results, the Directors are of the opinion that the system is effective and sufficient.

     The Company has also adopted an information disclosure policy which has set out comprehensive
     guidelines in respect of handling and dissemination of inside information. The Board has established
     an inside information team entrusted with the responsibility for monitoring and implementing the
     procedural requirements in the information disclosure policy. Release of inside information shall be
     led by the Board. Unless duly authorized, all staff members of the Company shall not disseminate
     inside information relating to the Group to any external parties and shall not respond to false
     media report or market speculation which may materially affect the trading price or volume of the
     securities.




                                                                                     2021 ANNUAL REPORT      27
     Corporate Governance Report


     C.   ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

          Auditor and Auditors ’ Remuneration

          The statement of the external auditors of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the
          financial statements is set out in this annual report on pages 47 to 51.

          During the Reporting Period, the remuneration paid to the external auditor of the Group, being Ernst
          & Young, is set out as follows:

                                                                                             Fee Paid/Payable
                                                                                             for the Reporting
                                                                                                       Period
          Service Category                                                                         (RMB’ 000)

          Audit services                                                                                3,100
          Non-audit services
            – ESG reports                                                                                 500
            – Engineering settlement                                                                      220

          Total                                                                                         3,820

     D.   COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS

          The Company has adopted the shareholder communication policy with an aim to ensure that the
          Shareholders of the Company and as and when appropriate, the general investors to have timely
          access to the same and readily comprehensible comprehensive information about the Company.

          The Company has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the above shareholder
          communication policy during the Reporting Period and is satisfied that the policy has been
          implemented effectively, having considered the availability of multiple channels of communication
          and engagement in place below.

          The Company conveys the information to the Shareholders and investors mainly through the
          following channels:

          •       the website of the Stock Exchange on which the information disclosed to the market and
                  submitted to the Stock Exchange is published;

          •       the website of the Company (www.hspharm.com);

          •       the interim reports and annual reports; and

          •       the annual general meetings and other general meetings.

          To facilitate the exchange of views between the Shareholders and the Board, the chairlady of
          the Board and chairman/chairlady of the Board committees (or their delegates (if applicable)),
          appropriate executive management personnel and the external auditor will attend the annual general
          meetings and answer the questions raised by the Shareholders.




28   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report


D.   COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS (Continued)

     Rights of Shareholders

     Pursuant to Article 12.3 of the Articles of Association, any two or more members holding not less
     than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company and carrying the right of voting at general
     meetings of the Company, or any one member which is a recognized clearing house (or its
     nominee(s)) shall be entitled to require the convening of a general meeting with a written requisition
     deposited at the principal office of the Company in Hong Kong and specifying the objects of the
     meeting and signed by the requisitionist. If the Board does not within 21 days from the date of
     deposit of the requisition proceed duly to convene the meeting to be held within a further 21 days,
     the requisitionist(s) themselves or any of them representing more than one-half of the total voting
     rights of all of them, may convene the general meeting in the same manner, as nearly as possible,
     as that in which meetings may be convened by the Board provided that any meeting so convened
     shall not be held after the expiration of three months from the date of deposit of the requisition.

     Shareholders may also contact the Investor Relations Department of the Company from time to
     time to understand the information published by the Company. The Company will inform the
     Shareholders of the designated e-mail address and enquiry hotline of the Company so that they can
     make any inquiries of the Company.

     Enquiry to the Board

     Enquiry may be made to the Board at the principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong
     at Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong.

     The Company publishes on its website (www.hspharm.com) the latest company news relating to
     the Group. The public is welcome to provide opinions and make inquiries through the Company’s
     website.

     Amendments to the Constitutional Documents

     No changes have been made to the Articles of Association by the Company during the Reporting
     Period. The latest version of Articles of Association is also available on the websites of the Company
     and the Stock Exchange.

     DIVIDEND POLICY

     The Company has adopted a dividend policy pursuant to the Corporate Governance Code. The
     Board may declare and pay dividends by way of cash or by other means that the Board considers
     appropriate. While deciding on the declaration or payment of any dividends and the amount of
     any dividends, the Board will take into account, among other things, the Company’s results of
     operations, cash flows and financial condition, operating and capital expenditure requirements,
     distributable profits, contractual and legal restrictions and other factors that the Directors may
     consider relevant.




                                                                                     2021 ANNUAL REPORT       29
     Directors’ Report


     The Board is pleased to submit this report and audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for
     the year ended December 31, 2021.

     PRINCIPAL BUSINESS

     The Company is an investment holding company. The Group is principally engaged in the R&D,
     manufacture and sales of a series of pharmaceutical products in China. The shares of the Company were
     listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on June 14, 2019.

     Operating segment information of the Company for the Reporting Period is presented in Note 4 to the
     consolidated financial statements, and a list of principal subsidiaries of the Company, together with the
     details of their places of incorporation, principal businesses and shares in issue/registered capital, is set
     out in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. There are no substantial changes in the principal
     business of the Group during the Reporting Period.

     RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

     The operating results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2021 and the financial positions
     of the Company and the Group as at the same date are set out on pages 52 to 55 of the consolidated
     financial statements.

     The Board recommends a final dividend of RMB7.32 cents (equivalent to HK$9.00 cents) per share for
     the year ended December 31, 2021 (2020: RMB6.51 cents). Subject to the approval of the Shareholders
     at the AGM, the proposed final dividend will be payable on July 5, 2022 to Shareholders whose names
     appear on the register of members of the Company on June 10, 2022. The Group is not aware of any
     arrangement under which a Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividends.

     BUSINESS REVIEW

     Details of the business review and performance of the Group during the Reporting Period (including the
     description of the main risks and uncertainties facing the Group, material events affecting the Company
     that have occurred since the end of 2021, the key financial performance indicators and prospects) are
     set out in the “Chairlady’s Statement” and “Management Discussion and Analysis” sections on pages 8 to
     17 of this annual report, which form part of this report.

     ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

     The AGM of the Company will be held on Wednesday, June, 1, 2022. The notice of AGM will be sent to
     Shareholders at least 21 days before the date of convening the AGM.

     CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

     To determine the right to attend and vote at the AGM, the Company will close the register of members
     between Friday, May 27, 2022 and Wednesday, June 1, 2022 (both days inclusive). To ensure the effect
     of right to attend and vote at the AGM, all Shareholders shall return all the documents together with
     the related stocks to the Company’s branch share registrar and transfer office, Tricor Investor Services
     Limited at Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong before 4:30 pm on
     Thursday, May 26, 2022.




30   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Directors’ Report


CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS (Continued)

In order to ascertain the Shareholders’ entitlements to the proposed final dividend, the register of
members of the Company will be closed from Wednesday, June 8, 2022 to Friday, June 10, 2022, both
days inclusive, during which period no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to qualify for the
proposed final dividend, all share transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates
must be lodged for registration with the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar, Tricor Investor
Services Limited at Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong not later than 4:30
p.m. on Tuesday, June 7, 2022.

SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION

According to the audited consolidated financial statements and after reclassification as appropriate, the
published results, assets, liabilities and net assets of the Group for the past five fiscal years is presented
on page 7 “Financial Highlights” section of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the
audited consolidated financial statements.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of changes in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the Reporting Period are set
out in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.

SHARE CAPITAL

The changes in the share capital and share option (if any) of the Company during the Reporting Period,
together with the reasons therefor, are set out in Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                        2021 ANNUAL REPORT       31
     Directors’ Report


     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE LISTING

     The net proceeds from the initial public offering of the shares of the Company in June 2019 and
     allotment and issuance of shares pursuant to the full exercise of the over-allotment option in July 2019
     amounted to approximately HK$8,798 million. The proposed use of the net proceeds was disclosed in
     the Prospectus. As of December 31, 2021, the net proceeds utilized was approximately HK$8,513 million
     and the remaining net proceeds was approximately HK$285 million. The Company intends to continue
     to utilize the remaining net proceeds in the future for the purposes as set out in the Prospectus. As of
     December 31, 2021, the net proceeds utilized by the Group were as follows:

                                                                                               Utilized from
                                                                                                 the Listing      Unutilized
                                                                                                     Date to           as at
                                                               Percentage    Net proceeds     December 31,     December 31,
                                                               of the total      received              2021           2021
     Purpose                                                       amount (HKD100 million) (HKD100 million) (HKD100 million)   Expected time frame

     R&D programs, expanding our R&D team and                       45%             39.59            36.74              2.85   The balance is expected to be
       investment in technologies                                                                                                fully utilized by 2025
     Manufacturing system to construct new production               25%             21.99            21.99                0    Not applicable
       facilities and upgrade existing production facilities
     Enhancement of sales and academic promotion                    20%             17.60            17.60                0    Not applicable
     Working capital and other general purposes                     10%              8.80             8.80                0    Not applicable

     Total                                                         100%             87.98            85.13              2.85

     For more details, please refer to the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds – Use of
     Proceeds” of the Prospectus.

     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM PLACING

     On April 22, 2020, the Company entered into a placing agreement with Morgan Stanley & Co.International
     plc and Citigroup Global Markets Limited (the “Placing Agents”), pursuant to which the Placing Agents
     agreed to place 130,380,000 ordinary shares in the Company, or, failing which, to purchase themselves
     on a fully underwritten basis to not fewer than six placees who are professional, institutional or other
     investors selected and procured by the Placing Agents and whose ultimate beneficial owners are
     independent third parties (the “Placing”). The Placing price was HK$26.75 per share.

     The net proceeds from the Placing were approximately HK$3,477.20 million, which have been and
     will be used on R&D, including but not limited to our existing and future domestic and overseas drug
     development programs, expanding our R&D team, and investment in technologies to further enhance
     our R&D capabilities and enrich our product pipeline, as disclosed in the announcement of the Company
     dated April 22, 2020. HK$215.89 million was utilized as at December 31, 2021 and HK$3,261.31 million
     remains unutilized. The balance is expected to be fully utilized by 2030.

     USE OF PROCEED FROM ISSUANCE OF CONVERTIBLE BONDS

     In January 2021, the Company successfully completed the issuance and listing of US$600 million
     zero-coupon convertible bonds due in 2026 to the professional investors only. The net proceeds
     from the bonds were approximately US$595.65 million, which have been and will be used on R&D
     expenditure, upgrading and expanding existing manufacturing facilities (including R&D facilities) and
     procuring equipment for its production facilities and for general corporate purposes, as disclosed in the
     announcement of the Company dated January 8, 2021. US$152.03 million was utilized as at December
     31, 2021 and US$443.62 million remains unutilized. The balance is expected to be fully utilized by 2030.


32   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Directors’ Report


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHT

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the laws of Cayman
Islands (the jurisdiction in which the Company was incorporated) which would oblige the Company to
offer new shares on a pro rata basis to existing Shareholders.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION

During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or
redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities.

TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

The Company has no knowledge of any tax relief and exemption provided to the Shareholders due to their
holding of the Company’s securities.

RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the Reporting Period are
set out in Notes 29 and 37 to the consolidated financial statements and the consolidated statement of
changes in equity, respectively.

RESERVES AVAILABLE FOR DISTRIBUTION

The Company may pay dividends out of its share premium account and retained earnings.

As at December 31, 2021, the Company had distributable reserves for share premium of
RMB14,023,877,000 (2020: RMB14,008,766,000).

Details of movements in the reserves of the Company during the year ended December 31, 2021 are set
out in Note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

During the Reporting Period, the sales to the Group’s five largest customers and the purchases from
the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for less than 30% of the total sales and 30% of the total
purchases of the Reporting Period, respectively.

ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The business of the Group is subject to national, provincial and local environmental laws and regulations
in China. The main pollutants generated during the production process of the Group’s products include
waste water, waste gas and solid waste. The Group has established a pollution control system in order
to comply with the applicable laws and regulations to adopt compliant and harmless disposal methods
for different types of hazardous wastes, and to recycle the recyclable waste solvent and entrust units
with hazardous waste disposal qualifications to burn or recycle other non-recyclable solvent. The
environmental sanitation department of the plant is entrusted with the uniform disposal of non-hazardous
wastes. The Group seeks to reduce, treat and recycle the waste generated in production process and
improve the Group’s production technique to reduce the pollutants discharged to the environment.

The Company will publish an “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” in accordance with Rule
13.91 and the “Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide” contained in Appendix 27 to the
Listing Rules as soon as practicable and in any event within 5 months from the end of the financial year
of the Company.

                                                                                    2021 ANNUAL REPORT      33
     Directors’ Report


     DONATIONS

     During the Reporting Period, the Group made charitable and other donations in an aggregate amount of
     approximately RMB64 million.

     RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS

     The Group recognizes that the interests of stakeholders are vital to the sustainable development of its
     business operation and is committed to maintaining effective communication with the major stakeholders,
     including customers, suppliers and employees to enhance the relationship and cooperation for the
     long-term development of the Group.

     The Group’s customers are pharmaceutical product distributors. According to the industry practice, the
     Group will not engage our distributors to provide marketing and promotional services for our products.
     The Group’s in-house sales and marketing team enhances professionals’ knowledge and understanding of
     the usage, clinical effects and advantages of the Group’s drug products through its promotion efforts. The
     Group generally entered into annual distribution agreements with distributors. The Group believes this
     distribution model helps extend the Group’s coverage in a cost-effective manner while retaining proper
     control over distribution network and marketing and promotion process.

     Employees are considered as the most important and valuable assets of the Group. The remuneration
     package for employees generally includes salary and bonuses. The Group conducts periodic performance
     reviews for employees, and their remuneration is performance-based. Employees also receive welfare
     benefits including medical care, housing subsidies, pension, occupational injury insurance and other
     miscellaneous benefits. The Group also provides regular training to employees designed to improve
     staff dedication and increase staff knowledge in a number of important areas of its services, which has
     enhanced the productivity of employees.

     COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS

     As the Company mainly operates in China through its subsidiaries, it is subject to the Chinese laws
     and regulations relating to the R&D, production and distribution of pharmaceutical products, including
     but not limited to those on the quality, safety, environmental protection, intellectual property, labor
     and personnel. Meanwhile, as a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and listed on the Stock
     Exchange, the Company is governed by the Company Law of the Cayman Islands, the Listing Rules and
     the Securities and Futures Ordinance.

     During the year ended December 31, 2021, to the best knowledge of the Board, the Group does not have
     any incidence of non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations that would have a significant
     impact on the Group’s business and operations.




34   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Directors’ Report


DIRECTORS

The Directors during the Reporting Period and as at the date of this report were as follows:

Executive Directors:
Ms. Zhong Huijuan (the Chairlady and Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Lyu Aifeng
Miss Sun Yuan

Non-executive Director:
Ms. Ma Cuifang (resigned on September 6, 2021)

Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Lin Guoqiang
Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai
Ms. Yang Dongtao

BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages 41 to
46 of this annual report.

CHANGE IN DIRECTORS ’ INFORMATION

The changes in Directors’ information as required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the
Listing Rules are set out below:

•    On June 28, 2021, an environmental, social and governance committee was established by the
     Board. The members of the ESG Committee are Mr. Lyu Aifeng (chairman of the ESG Committee),
     Ms. Yang Dongtao and Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai;

•    As disclosed by the Company in the announcement dated September 6, 2021, Ms. Ma Cuifang has
     resigned as a non-executive Director with effect from September 6, 2021;

•    On October 8, 2021, Ms. Yang Dongtao was appointed as an independent director of Nanjing Chixia
     Development Co., Ltd.* (南京棲霞建設股份有限公司) (Stock Code: 600533), a company listed on
     the Shanghai Stock Exchange;

•    On December 23, 2021, a nomination committee was established by the Board. The members of
     the Nomination Committee are Ms. Zhong Huijuan (chairlady of the Nomination Committee), Mr. Lin
     Guoqiang and Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai;

•    On December 23, 2021, the shares of Shanghai Bio-heart Biological Technology Co., Ltd. (上海百
     心安生物技術股份有限公司) (Stock Code: 2185) where Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai served as an
     independent non-executive director were listed and offered on the Stock Exchange.

Save as disclosed above, there are no other changes in the Directors’ biographical details which are
required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                      2021 ANNUAL REPORT   35
     Directors’ Report


     INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive
     Directors in respect of his/her independence in accordance with the independence guidelines set out
     in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, and the Company is of the view that such independent non-executive
     Directors are independent.

     SERVICE CONTRACTS OF DIRECTORS

     None of the Directors has entered into any unexpired service contract which is not determinable by the
     Company or any of its subsidiaries within one year without payment of compensation other than statutory
     compensation.

     DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS IN MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS AS WELL
     AS COMPETING BUSINESS

     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Related Party Transactions” and Note 32 to the “Related Party
     Transactions” of the consolidated financial statements in this annual report, no contracts of significance
     (as defined in Appendix 16 of the Listing Rules) related to the business of the Company to which
     the Company, its holding companies or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or
     controlling Shareholder of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted
     at the end of 2021 or at any time during 2021.

     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Relationship with our Controlling Shareholders – The Associate’s
     Investee Group” of the Prospectus, none of our Directors or their respective associates (as defined under
     the Listing Rules) has any interest in a business which competes or is likely to compete with our Group’s
     business under Rules 8.10(2)(b) and 8.10(2)(c) of the Listing Rules.

     DEED OF NON-COMPETITION

     The controlling Shareholders of the Company (i.e., Ms. Zhong Huijuan, Stellar Infinity and Sunrise
     Investment) have respectively acknowledged to the Company that they have honored the non-competition
     undertaking made to the Company under the deed of non-competition entered into on May 27,
     2019. The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed such compliance and confirmed that
     the above-mentioned parties had kept and duly performed all the undertakings under the Deed of
     Non-competition during the Reporting Period.

     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     Details of related party transactions are set out in Note 32 to the consolidated financial statements.
     Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, none of such related party transactions constitutes a
     connected transaction or continuing connected transaction (as the case may be).




36   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Directors’ Report


EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

There is no material events affecting the Company during the period from December 31, 2021 to the date
of this report.

As at the date of this report, the number of COVID-19 cases (including COVID-19 Delta and Omicron
variants) in several cities in China continued to increase. The Group adopted strict disease prevention
plans and measures to ensure the orderly and smooth production and operation activities of the
Group, including, among other things, requiring employees to wear masks during working hours,
daily disinfection of the workplace and strengthening ventilation, conducting temperature check and
registration before employees entering the work place, and when there is an outbreak of COVID-19
pandemic, to arrange employees to work from home according to the pandemic control requirements. As
such, we expect that the COVID-19 pandemic will not have a material impact on the Group’s business
operation and financial condition. The Company will continuously monitor the development of the
COVID-19 pandemic, take appropriate measures when necessary, and assess relevant impact on the
overall operations result of the Group.

DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES ’ INTERESTS AND/OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at December 31, 2021, the interests and/or short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the
Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations
(within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were (i) required to be notified to the Company and
the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short
positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or (ii) required
to be entered into the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO,
or (iii) otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code set out in
Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules were as follows:

1.   Interest in shares or underlying shares of the Company

                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                   Number of           percentage of
                                                                                   Shares or            shareholding
     Name of Director          Capacity/Nature of interest                 underlying Shares                interest (1)

     Ms. Zhong Huijuan (2)     Person with influence over a trust             3,900,000,000                  65.85%
     Miss Sun Yuan (2)         Beneficiary of a trust                         3,900,000,000                  65.85%
     Mr. Lyu Aifeng (3)        Beneficial owner                                   1,050,000                  0.018%

     Notes:

     (1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 5,922,350,070 issued shares of the Company as at
           December 31, 2021.

     (2)   These ordinary shares in the Company are beneficially owned by Stellar Infinity which is a wholly-owned
           subsidiary of Sunrise Investment, which in turn is wholly owned by Sunrise Trust Trustee as trustee for
           the Sunrise Trust, a discretionary trust set up by Miss Sun Yuan (“Miss Sun”). Ms. Zhong is the person
           who has consent right on key matters in respect of the Sunrise Trust under the trust deed in respect of
           the Sunrise Trust. Accordingly, Ms. Zhong and Miss Sun are deemed or taken to be interested in all the
           shares of the Company which are beneficially owned by Stellar Infinity for the purpose of Part XV of the
           SFO.

     (3)   These include Mr. Lyu Aifeng’s entitlement to 930,000 restricted share units subject to vesting conditions.




                                                                                              2021 ANNUAL REPORT           37
     Directors’ Report


     DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES ’ INTERESTS AND/OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
     UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES (Continued)

     2.   Interest in shares or underlying shares of associated corporation of the Company

                                                                                       Number of shares       Percentage of
                                                                                          or underlying        shareholding
                                                                                          shares in the       interest in the
                                  Name of associated        Capacity/Nature                  associated           associated
          Name of Director        corporation               of interest                     corporation          corporation

          Ms. Zhong Huijuan       Sunrise Investment (1)    Person with influence                    100               100%
                                                              over a trust
          Miss Sun Yuan           Sunrise Investment (1)    Beneficiary of a trust                   100               100%

          Note:

          (1)     Sunrise Investment is wholly owned by the Sunrise Trust Trustee, which is the trustee for the Sunrise
                  Trust, a discretionary trust set up by Miss Sun. Ms. Zhong is the person who has consent right on key
                  matters in respect of the Sunrise Trust under the trust deed in respect of the Sunrise Trust. Accordingly,
                  Ms. Zhong and Miss Sun are deemed or taken to be interested in all the shares of Sunrise Investment
                  which are beneficially owned by the Sunrise Trust Trustee for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

          Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2021, so far as is known to the Directors, none of
          the Directors and the chief executives of the Company had or were deemed to have any interest
          and/or short position in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its
          associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be
          notified to the Company under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register
          required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to the
          Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND/OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
     UNDERLYING SHARES

     As at December 31, 2021, the interests and/or short positions of persons (other than the Directors and
     chief executives of the Company) in the shares or underlying shares of the Company (within the meaning
     of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
     XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of
     the SFO were as follows:

                                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                         Number of           percentage of
                                                                                         Shares or            shareholding
     Name of Shareholder                 Capacity/Nature of interest             underlying Shares                interest (1)

     Stellar Infinity (2)                Beneficial owner                            3,900,000,000                 65.85%
     Sunrise Investment (2)              Interest in controlled corporation          3,900,000,000                 65.85%
     Sunrise Trust Trustee (2)           Interest in controlled corporation          3,900,000,000                 65.85%
     Apex Medical (3)                    Beneficial owner                              950,000,000                 16.04%
     Mr. Cen Junda (3)                   Interest in controlled corporation            950,000,000                 16.04%




38   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Directors’ Report


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND/OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES (Continued)

Notes:

(1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 5,922,350,070 issued Shares of the Company as at December
      31, 2021.

(2)   Stellar Infinity is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sunrise Investment, which in turn is wholly owned by the Sunrise
      Trust Trustee, the trustee of the Sunrise Trust. Therefore, each of Sunrise Investment and the Sunrise Trust
      Trustee is deemed to be interested in the Shares of the Company held by Stellar Infinity pursuant to the SFO.

(3)   Apex Medical is wholly-owned by Mr. Cen Junda. Therefore, Mr. Cen Junda is deemed to be interested in the
      Shares of the Company held by Apex Medical pursuant to the SFO.

Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2021, so far as is known to the Directors, no person
(not being a Director or chief executive of the Company) had or was deemed to have any interest
and/or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company which was required to be notified
to the Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be
kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.

DIRECTORS ’ RIGHT TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

At no time during the Reporting Period, were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of
shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Directors or their respective spouses or minor
children, or were any such rights exercised by them; nor was the Company, any of its subsidiaries or
fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire such rights in any other
corporations.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

In addition to the indemnities provisions as set out in the Articles of Association, Directors’ liability
insurance is currently in place, and was in place during the Reporting Period, to protect the Directors of
the Company against potential costs and liabilities arising from claims against them.

SUFFICIENT PUBLIC FLOAT

In accordance with Rule 8.08(1)(d) of the Listing Rules, the Stock Exchange has granted the Company a
waiver and accepted a lower public float of 16.21% of the Company’s issued share capital.

During the Reporting Period, according to the public information obtainable by the Company and to
the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has maintained the minimum public float to the extent
permitted by the Stock Exchange.




                                                                                               2021 ANNUAL REPORT         39
     Directors’ Report


     RSU SCHEME

     W e ha v e c o nditi o n a l l y a p p ro v e d a n d a d o p ted the R SU Scheme on May 27, 2019 to recogni z e
     contributions by selected participants and give incentives to them in order to retain them for the continual
     operation and development of the Group and to attract suitable personnel for further development of the
     Group. For details of the RSU Scheme, please refer to Appendix IV “Statutory and General Information – D.
     Post-IPO RSU Scheme” of the Prospectus.

     As at December 31, 2021, pursuant to the RSU Scheme, the Company had granted to Directors,
     executives and employees of the Group outstanding RSUs representing 17,542,000 Shares, accounting
     for approximately 0.30% of the total issued shares of the Company as at December 31, 2021.

     Details of the RSUs granted under the RSU Scheme during the Reporting Period are as follows:

                                                  Number of Shares underlying RSUs during the Reporting Period(1)
                                                Outstanding                                                             Outstanding
                                                       as at                                                                   as at
                                                 January 1,                                                           December 31,
     Category                 Grant date (1)          2021         Granted     Exercised     Cancelled         Lapsed         2021

     1. Director
        Mr. Lyu Aifeng        June 15, 2020       300,000               –       120,000              0             0       180,000
                              June 28, 2021             –         750,000             –              0             0       750,000

     2. Continuous Contract   April 22, 2020    8,573,900                –    3,238,870              0      221,470      5,113,560
        Employees
        Total                 May 12, 2021                –    16,792,000              –             0      504,700     16,287,300

     Total                                      8,873,900      17,542,000     3,358,870              0      726,170     22,330,860

     Note:

     (1)     The vesting schedule of the RSUs granted follows either of following: (i) 40% shall vest on the first anniversary
             of the grant date and the remaining 30% and 30% shall vest on the second and third anniversary of the grant
             date, respectively; or (ii) 30% shall vest on the first anniversary of the grant date and the remaining 30% and
             40% shall vest on the second and third anniversary of the grant date, respectively.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

     Details of the principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the section
     of “Corporate Governance Report” of this annual report.

     AUDITOR

     The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021 have been audited by
     Ernst & Young, which will retire at the conclusion of the AGM and, being eligible, offer themselves for
     re-appointment. A resolution on the re-appointment of Ernst & Young as the auditor of the Company will
     be proposed at the AGM.


     For and on behalf of the Board
     Ms. Zhong Huijuan (Chairlady and Chief Executive Officer)

     March 29, 2022




40   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
Management

DIRECTORS

Executive Directors

Ms. ZHONG Huijuan (鍾慧娟), aged 61, is the founder of the Group and currently the chairlady of the
Board, chief executive officer and an executive Director of the Company. Ms. Zhong is the chairlady of
both the Nomination Committee and the Strategy and Development Committee and a member of the
Remuneration Committee. Ms. Zhong was appointed as a Director on December 2, 2015. Ms. Zhong was
appointed as a director of Jiangsu Hansoh in September 1998. Ms. Zhong is primarily responsible for our
Group’s strategic development and planning, overall operations and decision making, board governance
and supervision of key management issues. Ms. Zhong is the mother of Miss Sun.

Ms. Zhong has approximately 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry in China, with
substantial experience in pharmaceutical enterprise operation and management, as well as extensive
industry knowledge on the development and expansion of our oncology and psychotropic drug portfolio
in their respective therapeutic areas. From September 1994 until the establishment of our Group, Ms.
Zhong served at Lianyungang Drug Administration. Ms. Zhong has been responsible for our Group’s
overall development since its establishment. Under Ms. Zhong’s leadership, our Group has developed into
one of the few R&D-driven Chinese pharmaceutical companies with an established leadership position in
some of the largest and fastest-growing therapeutic areas in China with significant unmet clinical needs.
Our Group was recognized as a “Leading Enterprise in the Internationalization of Pharmaceuticals* (製
劑國際化先導型企業)” by the China Chamber Of Commerce For Import & Export Of Medicines & Health
Products* (中國醫保商會) and China Pharmaceutical Enterprises Association* (中國醫藥企業管理協會)
in 2014. Since 2016, our Group has been recognized as a National Enterprise Technology Center* (國家
級企業技術中心) and National Intellectual Property Exemplary Enterprise* (國家知識產權示範企業). Our
Group has also been continuously recognized as the Top 100 Most Powerful Chinese Pharmaceutical
Industrial Enterprises* (中國醫藥工業百強企業) by the China Pharmaceutical Industry Information Center
(中國醫藥工業信息中心).

Ms. Zhong is the vice president of the council of Jiangsu Pharmaceutical Association* (江蘇省藥學會)
and a standing supervisor of the China Quality Association for Pharmaceuticals* (中國醫藥質量管理協
會). Ms. Zhong was also elected as a representative of the 12th and 13th Jiangsu Provincial People’s
Congress (江蘇省人民代表大會).

Over the years, Ms. Zhong received numerous awards and recognitions for her contributions to both
the pharmaceutical industry and pharmaceutical industrial and commercial enterprises. She received
State Council Special Allowance in February 2013. In December 2013, she also received the “All China
Federation of Industry Commerce Scientific and Technological Progress Award (first prize)”* (中華全
國工商業聯合會科技進步獎一等獎). In December 2014, Ms. Zhong received the “State Science and
Technology Award (second prize)”* (國家科技進步獎二等獎) from the State Council.

In July 1982, Ms. Zhong obtained her undergraduate degree in chemistry from Jiangsu Normal University
(江蘇師範大學) (formerly known as Xuzhou Normal University (徐州師範學院)) in Xuzhou. She then
obtained her Executive Master of Business Administration (“EMBA”) from Nanjing University (南京大學)
in December 2005.




                                                                                    2021 ANNUAL REPORT      41
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
     Management

     DIRECTORS (Continued)

     Executive Directors (Continued)

     Mr. LYU Aifeng (呂愛鋒), aged 45, is an executive Director of the Company. Mr. Lyu is the chairman of
     the ESG Committee and a member of the Strategy and Development Committee. Mr. Lyu was appointed
     as a Director on March 11, 2016, and is primarily responsible for the daily business operation and
     management of our Group, as well as the operation and management of certain subsidiaries. Mr. Lyu was
     appointed as president of Jiangsu Hansoh, the general manager of Shanghai Hansoh and the executive
     director of Hansoh Health Technology Co., Ltd. in December 2015, April 2016 and September 2019,
     respectively.

     Mr. Lyu has more than 20 years of technical and management experience in R&D and product quality
     control systems in the pharmaceutical industry. Mr. Lyu joined our Group in July 1998 and has served
     in various positions, including director of product development in August 2001, and director of research
     institution in March 2009.

     Mr. Lyu has obtained numerous awards and recognitions. Mr. Lyu obtained the “State Science and
     Technology Progress Award (second prize)”* (國家科技進步獎二等獎) in 2013 and 2014. Mr. Lyu was
     recognized as a “Young Expert with Outstanding Contributions”* (有突出貢獻的中青年專家) by the
     People’s Government of Jiangsu Province (江蘇省人民政府) in March 2015. He was also chosen for the
     “100 Million Talents Programme”* (國家百千萬人才工程) by the PRC Ministry of Human Resources and
     Social Security (中華人民共和國人力資源和社會保障部) in October 2017. He was further selected for the
     “Ten Thousand Talents Programme”* (國家萬人計劃) by the PRC Ministry of Science and Technology (中
     華人民共和國科學技術部) in May 2018.

     Mr. Lyu obtained both his bachelor of science degree in chemistry and his master of science degree in
     organic chemistry from Nanjing University (南京大學), in July 1998 and June 2005, respectively. Mr. Lyu
     also obtained his doctorate degree in biomedical engineering from Southeast University (東南大學) in
     Nanjing in June 2015.

     Miss SUN Yuan (孫遠), aged 35, is an executive Director of the Company. Miss Sun was appointed as
     a Director on December 2, 2015. Miss Sun has served as a director of Jiangsu Hansoh from October
     2011 to October 2019. Miss Sun is primarily responsible for providing guidance on R&D strategies,
     business development, investment strategies and the scientific development of our Group, which includes
     monitoring and introducing latest industry development and pharmaceutical technologies to the Group
     and exploring overseas business opportunities. Miss Sun is the daughter of Ms. Zhong.

     Miss Sun has approximately ten years of experience in healthcare investment management and industry
     research. Prior to joining our Group in October 2011, Miss Sun had worked as an analyst at Hony Capital
     since June 2009.

     Miss Sun received her bachelor’s degree in biomedical sciences from Cambridge University in June
     2007.




42   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
Management

DIRECTORS (Continued)

Independent Non-Executive Directors

Mr. LIN Guoqiang (林國強), aged 79, is an independent non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. Lin
has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from May 31,
2019. Mr. Lin is a member of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination
Committee. Mr. Lin is primarily responsible for providing independent opinion and judgment to the Board.

Mr. Lin has more than 50 years of research experience in chemistry. Mr. Lin joined the Shanghai Institute
of Organic Chemistry of the Chinese Academy of Sciences* (中國科學院上海有機化學研究所) in 1968.
He was promoted to researcher of such institute in 1990, served as deputy director from 1988 to 1993
and director of such institute from 1993 to 1999. Mr. Lin was a visiting scholar at the Royal Institute of
Technology in Sweden in 1980, and also a visiting scientist at both the University of Pittsburgh and R&D
Department of SmithKline in the U.S. in 1986. Since 1992, Mr. Lin has been the director and executive
editor of the publication “Tetrahedron/Tetrahedron Letters” in China and served as deputy chief editor
of “China Science: Chemistry” (《中國科學：化學》) from 2008 to 2017. Mr. Lin was also elected as
academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (中國科學院院士) in 2001.

Mr. Lin has received numerous awards, including State Natural Science Awards and Science Progress
Awards. Examples are set out in the table below:

                                                                                      Timing of Granting
Honor/Award                                           Awarding Body                   the Award

Second Prize of State Natural Science                 State Council                   December 2016
  Award of 2016

Second Prize of State Scientific and Technological    State Council                   December 2013
  Progress Award of 2013

Third Prize of State Scientific and Technology        State Scientific and            December 1995
  Progress Award of 1995                              Technological Commission

Second Prize of State Scientific and Technology       State Science & Technology      July 1987
  Progress Award of 1987                              Award Judging Panel

Third Prize of State Invention Award of 1987          State Scientific and            January 1987
                                                      Technological Commission

Mr. Lin obtained his bachelor’s degree in organic chemistry from Shanghai University of Science and
Technology (上海科學技術大學) in July 1964, and obtained his master’s degree in organic chemistry from
Shanghai Institute of Organic Chemistry of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (中國科學院上海有機化學研
究所) in July 1968.




                                                                                     2021 ANNUAL REPORT      43
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
     Management

     DIRECTORS (Continued)

     Independent Non-Executive Directors (Continued)

     Mr. CHAN Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉), aged 68, is an independent non-executive Director of the
     Company. Mr. Chan has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company
     with effect from May 31, 2019. Mr. Chan is the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the
     Strategy and Development Committee, the ESG Committee and the Nomination Committee. Mr. Chan is
     primarily responsible for providing independent opinion and judgment to the Board.

     Mr. Chan has more than 40 years of experience in corporate finance, financial regulations and risk
     management. Mr. Chan started his career as an auditor at the Canadian office of Arthur Andersen in
     1977 and was promoted to partnership in 1988. He subsequently joined the China & Hong Kong office of
     Arthur Andersen as an audit partner in 1994. From July 2002 to June 2012, Mr. Chan was a partner of
     the China & Hong Kong office of PricewaterhouseCoopers. Mr. Chan served as a member of the Listing
     Committee of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange from 1998 to 2001 and also as a member of the Election
     Committee for the first Legislative Council of Hong Kong in 1998. From 1996 to 1999, Mr. Chan was a
     council member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He also served as a member
     of the Accounting Standards Committee, Auditing Standards Committee and the chairman of the China
     Technical Committee of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

     Mr. Chan is currently an independent non-executive director of the following companies which are all
     listed on the Stock Exchange, namely SRE Group Limited (Stock Code: 1207), Maoyan Entertainment
     (Stock Code: 1896), Sun Art Retail Group Limited (Stock Code: 6808) and Shanghai Bio-heart Biological
     Technology Co., Ltd. (Stock Code: 2185). From September 2013 to April 2020, he served as an
     independent director of Changyou.com Ltd, a company listed on the NASDAQ (Stock Code: CYOU). From
     May 2016 to May 2019, he served as an independent non-executive director of CITIC Securities Company
     Limited (Stock Code: 6030), a company listed on the Stock Exchange.

     In May 1977, Mr. Chan obtained a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Manitoba, in
     Canada. He is a member of both the Chartered Accountants of Canada and the Hong Kong Institute of
     Certified Public Accountants.

     Ms. YANG Dongtao (楊東濤), aged 64, is an independent non-executive Director of the Company. Ms.
     Yang has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from
     May 31, 2019. Ms. Yang is the chairlady of the Remuneration Committee and a member of the Audit
     Committee, the Strategy and Development Committee and the ESG Committee. Ms. Yang is primarily
     responsible for providing independent opinion and judgment to the Board.

     Ms. Yang has over 30 years of experience in the field of education. She was a lecturer of the Management
     Department of Nanjing University School of Business (南京大學商學院管理學系) from March 1985 to
     March 1992. She then served as associate professor from March 1992 to March 1999 and as professor
     from March 1999 to February 2007 of the Management Department of Nanjing University School
     of Business ( 南京大學商學院管理學系 ). Ms. Yang has been a professor of the Human Resources
     Management Department of Nanjing University School of Business (南京大學商學院人力資源管理系)
     since February 2007. Since May 2016, she has also been the vice president of the Jiangsu Province
     Human Resources Society* (江蘇省人力資源學會).

     Ms. Yang is currently an independent director of Perfect Group Corp., Ltd.* (倍加潔集團股份有限公司)
     (Stock Code: 603059) and Nanjing Chixia Development Co., Ltd.* (南京棲霞建設股份有限公司) (Stock
     Code: 600533), both listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and was an independent director of a
     Shanghai Stock Exchange listed company, Jiangsu Novoray New Materials Co., Ltd. (江蘇聯瑞新材料股份
     有限公司) (Stock Code: 688300) from May 2017 to February 2021.

     Ms. Yang received her bachelor of engineering from Southeast University (東南大學) (formerly known as
     Nanjing Institute of Technology (南京工學院)) in Nanjing in July 1982. She obtained both her master’s
     degree in economics and her doctorate degree in corporate management from Nanjing University (南京大
     學) in February 1992 and December 1998, respectively.


44   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
Management

SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The members of our senior management team and details of each of their experience are as follows:

Mr. WU Qiong (吳窮), aged 53, is the chief medical officer of the Group, responsible for the clinical
research and development of innovative drugs of the Group.

Mr. Wu has worked in the field of clinical oncology for more than 20 years, participated in over 50 clinical
trials of new drugs at home and abroad, and has extensive clinical practice and research experience. Mr.
Wu has published more than 20 research papers included in the Science Citation Index (SCI) as the first/
corresponding author, presided more than 10 research projects including the National Natural Science
Foundation of China (國家自然科學基金), and won the first prize of Science and Technology Award of
Jiangsu Province* (江蘇省科技獎一等獎). Mr. Wu joined the Group in March 2018 and was appointed
to his current position. Mr. Wu is currently the director of the Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (中
國臨床腫瘤學會) and the vice chairman of the Cancer Rehabilitation and Palliative Care Professional
Committee of the Chinese Anti-Cancer Association (中國抗癌協會). Before joining the Group, Mr. Wu
had been engaged in clinical oncology medical teaching and research work in the First Affiliated Hospital
of Bengbu Medical College *(蚌埠醫學院第一附屬醫院) as the director of the Department of Medical
Oncology and the deputy director of the National Drug Clinical Trials Agency of the hospital for 20 years.

Mr. Wu obtained a bachelor’s degree in clinical medicine from Bengbu Medical College (蚌埠醫學院) in
July 1991, a master’s degree in internal medicine (hematology) from Jinan University (暨南大學) in June
1999, and in June 2008, he obtained a doctoral degree in clinical medicine (oncology) from the Second
Military Medical University (第二軍醫大學).

Mr. SUN Weiyong (孫偉勇), aged 51, is the chief commercial officer of the Group, responsible for the
Group’s global business development. Mr. Sun joined the Group in March 2021 and was appointed to his
current position.

Mr. Sun has more than 20 years of extensive experience in the field of medicine and BD. Before joining
the Group, Mr. Sun served as a senior director of Daiichi Sankyo Company, Limited from April 2002 to
March 2021, responsible for BD and innovative drug research and development in the United States and
Japan respectively. From December 2000 to October 2001, he worked as a postdoctoral fellow at the
Medical College of Wisconsin in the United States.

Mr. Sun obtained a bachelor’s degree in clinical medicine from Beijing Medical University (北京醫科大
學) (currently known as Peking University Health Science Center (北京大學醫學部)) in July 1993, and
master’s and doctoral degrees from the Cell Biochemistry Laboratory of the University of Tokyo in March
1999 and March 2002 respectively. He obtained a master’s degree in business administration from
Columbia University in May 2015.

Ms. ZHONG Chunhua (鍾春華), aged 47, is a senior vice president of our Group and has been appointed to
this position since January 2013. Ms. Zhong Chunhua is primarily responsible for overseeing production
and human resources management of our Group.

Ms. Zhong Chunhua has more than 20 years of managerial experience in pharmaceutical manufacturing
quality control and human resources and joined our Group in July 2000. She was appointed as a quality
assurance supervisor in February 2002, and was then promoted to quality assurance manager in August
2004. In March 2009, Ms. Zhong Chunhua was appointed as executive deputy general manager of
the production division of Jiangsu Hansoh and has been responsible for managing the pharmaceutical
production division.




                                                                                      2021 ANNUAL REPORT       45
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
     Management

     SENIOR MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     Ms. Zhong Chunhua received her bachelor of pharmaceutical sciences degree from China Pharmaceutical
     University (中國藥科大學) (formerly known as Nanjing Medical College (南京醫學院)) in Nanjing in July
     2000.

     Mr. XU Chuanhe (徐傳合), aged 58, is a senior vice president of our Group and has been appointed to this
     position since March 2009. Mr. Xu is primarily responsible for matters related to business management
     of our Group.

     Mr. Xu has more than 20 years of experience in pharmaceutical sales management. Mr. Xu joined our
     Group in August 1997 and was appointed as deputy general manager of the sales division in October
     1997.

     Mr. Xu obtained his Bachelor of Science degree from China Pharmaceutical University (中國藥科大學)
     (formerly known as Nanjing Medical College (南京藥學院)) in Nanjing in July 1985 and his EMBA from
     Wuhan University (武漢大學) in December 2008.

     Mr. HU Min (胡旻), aged 45, is the chief financial officer of the Group. Mr. Hu joined our Group in
     September 2019 and was appointed to his current position.

     Mr. Hu has years of experience in finance, auditing, consulting and capital markets in the pharmaceutical
     and healthcare industries. Before joining our Group, Mr. Hu served as an audit partner for the
     pharmaceutical and healthcare industries at Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu China. Mr. Hu holds qualifications
     of certified public accountant of China and the United States.

     Mr. Hu obtained his bachelor of economics from Xiamen University in July 1999.

     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

     Ms. ZHONG Shengli (鍾勝利), aged 54, has served as a joint company secretary and a senior vice
     president of our Group since August 2018 and March 2012, respectively.

     Ms. Zhong Shengli joined our Group in July 2010 as investment director and was responsible for
     investment management.

     Before joining our Group, she had more than ten years of work experience in financial institutions. Ms.
     Zhong Shengli served as a senior manager for Ping An Bank from November 1998 to July 2010.

     Ms. Zhong Shengli obtained her bachelor of arts degree from Beijing Foreign Studies University (北京外
     國語大學) (formerly known as Beijing Foreign Studies College (北京外國語學院)) in July 1991 and her
     master degree in economics from Peking University (北京大學) in January 2007. Ms. Zhong Shengli is
     an Affiliated Person of Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute (“HKCGI”) (formerly “The Hong Kong
     Institute of Chartered Secretaries”).

     Ms. LI Yan Wing Rita (李昕穎) was appointed as a joint company secretary of our Company with effect
     from the Listing Date. Ms. Li is an executive director of Corporate Services of Tricor Services Limited
     and has over 20 years of experience in the corporate secretarial field, providing professional corporate
     secretarial services to listed companies as well as multi-national, private and offshore companies. She
     is currently the company secretary or joint company secretary of several companies listed on the Stock
     Exchange.

     Ms. Li is a Chartered Secretary, a Chartered Governance Professional and a Fellow of both HKCGI
     and The Chartered Governance Institute (formerly “The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and
     Administrators”). She is also a holder of the Practitioner’s Endorsement from HKCGI.



46   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Independent Auditor’s Report



                          Ernst & Young              ⭰㰟㛪姯⸒Ṳ⋀㈧                   Tel 曢婘: +852 2846 9888
                          27/F, One Taikoo Place     榀㸖毩歁㵳勘䙮怺 979噆              Fax ₚ䜆: +852 2868 4432
                          979 King’s Road
                          Quarry Bay, Hong Kong      ⤑⏋✱ᷧ⺎ 27㧺                  ey.com


To the shareholders of Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company Limited
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company
Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 52 to 122, which comprise
the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2021, and the consolidated statement
of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of
changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended 31 December
2021, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting
policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2021, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”)
and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the
HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities
for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the
Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and
we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed
in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our
opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our
description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
consolidated financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly,
our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks
of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures,
including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion
on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                       2021 ANNUAL REPORT       47
     Independent Auditor’s Report


     Key audit matter                                      How our audit addressed the key audit matter
     Expected credit losses on trade receivables
     As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s net               Our procedures in relation to management’s
     trade receivables amounted to approximately           assessment on ECLs on trade receivables
     RMB3,247,297,000, which represented                   included:
     approximately 12% of total assets of the Group.
                                                           –    Obtained an understanding, evaluated
      According to Hong Kong Financial Reporting                the design and tested the operating
      Standard 9 “Financial Instruments” (“HKFRS 9”),           effectiveness of the controls that the Group
      a forward-looking ECL approach was applied by             had implemented to manage and monitor its
      the Group. The measurement of ECLs involves               credit risk;
      significant judgement and assumptions used
      in the ECL approach as the ECLs must reflect         –    Tested the accuracy and completeness
      information about past events, current conditions         of the data used by management to
      and forecasts of future conditions, as well as the        develop the historical loss rates and
      time value of money.                                      evaluated management’s assessment of the
                                                                sufficiency, reliability and relevance of those
      The Group’s disclosures about the ECLs on                 data;
      the trade receivables are included in Note 2.4
      Summary of significant accounting policies,          –    Evaluated the forward-looking adjustments
      Note 3 Significant accounting judgements and              made to reflect current and forecast future
      estimates, Note 17 Trade and bills receivables            economic conditions;
      and Note 33 Financial instruments by category
      to the consolidated financial statements, which      –    Tested, on a sampling basis, the ageing
      specifically explain the accounting policies,             profile of the trade receivables as at 31
      management’s judgements and estimates, and the            December 2021 by comparing individual
      overdue receivables and the related provision.            items in the ageing profile with the relevant
                                                                sales agreement, sales invoices and other
                                                                supporting documents; and

                                                           –    Inquired of management for the status
                                                                of each of the material trade receivables
                                                                which was past due as at the year end and
                                                                evaluated management’s assessment of
                                                                collectability by performing public search
                                                                of the credit profile of selected customers,
                                                                understanding on-going business
                                                                relationship with the customers based on
                                                                the trade records, checking historical and
                                                                subsequent settlement records and other
                                                                correspondence with the customers.

                                                           We also read and assessed the relevant
                                                           disclosures made in the consolidated financial
                                                           statements, including disclosures of the basis for
                                                           this estimation.




48   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Independent Auditor’s Report


OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises
the information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon. The Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this
auditor’s report.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is
materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit
or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements
that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for
assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related
to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company
either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for
overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR ’ S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
report that includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose.
We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                     2021 ANNUAL REPORT      49
     Independent Auditor’s Report


     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain
     professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

     •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
          whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
          obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
          of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
          error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
          override of internal control.

     •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
          that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
          effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

     •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
          estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

     •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
          and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
          or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
          If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
          report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
          inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to
          the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease
          to continue as a going concern.

     •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
          including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
          underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
          business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
          We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain
          solely responsible for our audit opinion.

     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
     timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control
     that we identify during our audit.

     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters
     that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to
     eliminate threats or safeguards applied.




50   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Independent Auditor’s Report


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine
that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so
would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Siu Fung Terence
Ho.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong

29 March 2022




                                                                                      2021 ANNUAL REPORT      51
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
     Year ended 31 December 2021




                                                   Notes        2021         2020
                                                             RMB’000      RMB’000

     REVENUE                                        5      9,935,141     8,690,234

     Cost of sales                                          (870,042)     (801,561)

     Gross profit                                          9,065,099     7,888,673

     Other income                                   5         393,188       220,637
     Selling and distribution expenses                     (3,427,818)   (3,103,018)
     Administrative expenses                                 (943,423)     (758,641)
     Research and development costs                        (1,797,012)   (1,252,246)
     Other gains, net                               5          62,866       102,894
     Finance costs                                  7         (52,818)            –

     PROFIT BEFORE TAX                              6      3,300,082     3,098,299

     Income tax expense                             10      (587,180)     (529,392)

     PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                   2,712,902     2,568,907

     Attributable to:
       Owners of the parent                                2,712,902     2,568,907

     EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
       ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT        12

     Basic (RMB)                                                 0.46          0.44
     Diluted (RMB)                                               0.44          0.44




52   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                2021               2020
                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                         2,712,902          2,568,907

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Exchange differences:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations   (201,403)           (978,194)

Net other comprehensive income that may be
  reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods      (201,403)           (978,194)

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
  INCOME FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                           (201,403)           (978,194)

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                     2,511,499          1,590,713

Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                      2,511,499          1,590,713




                                                                        2021 ANNUAL REPORT   53
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     31 December 2021




                                                             Notes        2021        2020
                                                                       RMB’000     RMB’000

     NON-CURRENT ASSETS
     Property, plant and equipment                            13      3,224,555    2,039,329
     Right-of-use assets                                     14(a)      250,840      264,489
     Intangible assets                                        15         17,037        9,893
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    19        394,967       28,389
     Prepayments for purchase of property,
       plant and equipment                                              93,404     1,163,971

     Total non-current assets                                         3,980,803    3,506,071

     CURRENT ASSETS
     Inventories                                              16        410,127      298,727
     Trade and bills receivables                              17      3,675,990    3,127,460
     Prepayments, other receivables and other assets          18        160,207      142,098
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    19      2,357,215      200,000
     Other financial assets                                   20      1,873,773    9,232,734
     Cash and bank balances                                   21     14,702,056    4,284,970

     Total current assets                                            23,179,368   17,285,989

     CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Trade and bills payables                                 22        248,330      124,382
     Other payables and accruals                              23      2,609,035    2,347,033
     Contract liabilities                                     24         22,201      195,688
     Lease liabilities                                       14(b)        9,968       11,039
     Tax payable                                                        134,196       11,397

     Total current liabilities                                        3,023,730    2,689,539

     NET CURRENT ASSETS                                              20,155,638   14,596,450

     TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                           24,136,441   18,102,521

     NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Convertible bonds                                        26      3,742,996           –
     Lease liabilities                                       14(b)       74,917      81,710
     Deferred tax liabilities                                 25        266,752     121,810
     Other non-current liabilities                                       22,931      23,403

     Total non-current liabilities                                    4,107,596     226,923

     NET ASSETS                                                      20,028,845   17,875,598




54   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
31 December 2021




                                                  Notes        2021                2020
                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000

EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                      27             52                  52
Treasury shares                                    28        (57,969)                  –
Reserves                                           29     20,086,762          17,875,546

                                                          20,028,845          17,875,598

Non-controlling interests                                          –                   –

Total equity                                              20,028,845          17,875,598




Director                                      Director




                                                                        2021 ANNUAL REPORT   55
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     Year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                                Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                          Share       Merger Exchange Statutory                                                           Non-
                                                    Share                Share           option reserve/other fluctuation  surplus                        Retained                   controlling              Total
                                           Notes   capital          premium*           reserve*     reserve* reserve* reserves*                            profits*            Total interests               equity
                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                                    RMB’000            RMB’000 RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                    Note 29(a)                    Note 29(b) Note 29(c) Note 29(d)

     At 1 January 2020                                     51 10,836,794                        –          (57,100)         255,712          613,050 1,395,815 13,044,322                          – 13,044,322
     Profit for the year                                    –          –                        –                –                –                – 2,568,907 2,568,907                           – 2,568,907
     Exchange differences on
       translation of foreign
       operations                                              –                –               –                  –       (978,194)               –               –        (978,194)              –       (978,194)

     Total comprehensive
       income for the year                                     –                –               –                  –       (978,194)               – 2,568,907 1,590,713                           – 1,590,713
     Issue of shares by private
       placement                    27(a)                      1 3,181,517                     –                   –                –              –             – 3,181,518                       – 3,181,518
     Share-based payments            28                        –         –                68,590                   –                –              –             –    68,590                       –    68,590
     Share issue expenses                                      –    (9,545)                    –                   –                –              –             –    (9,545)                      –    (9,545)
     Dividends declared              11                        –         –                     –                   –                –              –             –         –                       –         –
     Transfer from retained profits                            –         –                     –                   –                –        233,858      (233,858)        –                       –         –

     At 31 December 2020                                   52 14,008,766                  68,590           (57,100)        (722,482)         846,908 3,730,864 17,875,598                          – 17,875,598

                                                                                                      Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                        Share                        Merger         Exchange      Statutory                                      Non-
                                                      Share             Share          option        Treasury reserve/other       fluctuation      surplus      Retained                   controlling         Total
                                           Notes     capital        premium*         reserve*          shares      reserve*          reserve*    reserves*       profits*         Total      interests        equity
                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                   Note 29(a)         Note 28         Note 28 Note 29(b)           Note 29(c)    Note 29(d)

     At 1 January 2021                                   52 14,008,766                68,590               –           (57,100)    (722,482)      846,908     3,730,864 17,875,598                     – 17,875,598
     Profit for the year                                  –          –                     –               –                 –            –             –     2,712,902 2,712,902                      – 2,712,902
     Exchange differences on
       translation of foreign operations                  –                –               –               –                 –     (201,403)             –             –       (201,403)               –    (201,403)

     Total comprehensive
       income for the year                                –                –               –               –                 –     (201,403)             –    2,712,902       2,511,499                –   2,511,499
     Issue of shares by private
       placement                           27(a)          –           15,111               –               –                 –               –           –             –         15,111                –      15,111
     Share-based payments                   28            –                –          65,472               –                 –               –           –             –         65,472                –      65,472
     Repurchase of shares under
       share award scheme                   28            –                –               –         (57,969)                –               –          –            –          (57,969)               –     (57,969)
     Dividends declared                     11            –                –               –               –                 –               –          –     (380,866)        (380,866)               –    (380,866)
     Transfer from retained profits                       –                –               –               –                 –               –      6,475       (6,475)               –                –           –

     At 31 December 2021                                 52 14,023,877              134,062          (57,969)          (57,100)    (923,885)      853,383     6,056,425 20,028,845                     – 20,028,845

     *          These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB20,086,762,000 (2020:
                RMB17,875,546,000) in the consolidated statement of financial position.




56   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Year ended 31 December 2021




                                                         Notes       2021                2020
                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                3,300,082           3,098,299

Adjustments for:
Impairment of trade receivables, net                      5           817                 (309)
Impairment of inventories, net                            5           347                1,850
Depreciation of items of property, plant and equipment    6       257,165              216,350
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                       6        15,046               11,880
Amortisation of deferred income                                      (472)                   –
Amortisation of intangible assets                         6         6,256                5,044
(Gain)/loss on disposal of items of property,
  plant and equipment                                     5         (3,935)                 39
Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value
  through profit or loss                                  5       (26,279)             (87,155)
Fair value gains of convertible bonds                     5      (108,754)                   –
Investment income                                         5       (89,758)             (71,879)
Interest income from deposits with initial terms of
  over three months when acquired                                (143,927)             (47,625)
Interest expense on lease liabilities                     5             –                1,645
Finance costs                                             7        52,818                    –
Share-based payments                                      6        65,472               68,590

                                                                 3,324,878           3,196,729

Increase in trade and bills receivables                          (549,347)            (881,192)
Increase in prepayments, other receivables and
   other assets                                                   (18,109)             (79,860)
(Increase)/decrease in inventories                               (111,747)             113,771
Increase/(decrease) in trade and bills payables                   123,948              (68,468)
Increase in other payables and accruals                           300,365              544,382
(Decrease)/increase in contract liabilities                      (173,487)             155,219

Cash generated from operations                                   2,896,501           2,980,581
Income tax paid                                                   (319,439)           (590,102)

Net cash flows from operating activities                         2,577,062           2,390,479




                                                                              2021 ANNUAL REPORT   57
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     Year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                Notes        2021         2020
                                                                          RMB’000      RMB’000

     CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
     Proceeds from items of property, plant and equipment                  54,771          8,071
     Proceeds from intangible assets                                          247              –
     Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                 (460,033)    (1,427,645)
     Purchases of intangible assets                                       (15,408)       (11,605)
     (Increase)/decrease in time deposits with original
        maturity of over three months when acquired                     (6,866,997)   1,531,604
     Decrease/(increase) of financial products included in
        other financial assets                                          7,295,931     (5,740,484)
     (Increase)/decrease of financial products included in
        financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           (2,524,415)   2,545,306
     Interest income received from deposits with initial
        terms of over three months when acquired                          150,170        63,247
     Investment income received from financial products
        included in other financial assets                                 89,758        71,879
     Investment income received from financial products
        included in financial assets at fair value through
        profit or loss                                                     16,819        85,500

     Net cash flows used in investing activities                        (2,259,157)   (2,874,127)

     CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     Net proceeds from issue of convertible bonds                26     3,852,789              –
     Net proceeds from issue of new shares by
       private placement                                        27(a)      15,111      3,171,973
     Dividends paid                                                      (380,866)    (4,200,000)
     Lease payments                                                       (12,289)        (7,601)
     Purchase of shares under the share award scheme                      (57,969)             –

     Net cash flows from/(used in) financing activities          30     3,416,776     (1,035,628)

     NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH
       EQUIVALENTS                                                      3,734,681     (1,519,276)

     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                     3,063,316     5,344,859
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                         (79,288)     (762,267)

     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                           6,718,709     3,063,316

     ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND
       CASH EQUIVALENTS
     Cash and bank balances                                      21     2,503,263     1,514,473
     Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of
       less than three months when acquired                      21     4,215,446     1,548,843

     Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the
       consolidated statement of cash flows                             6,718,709     3,063,316




58   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

     The Company is an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability
     under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands. The registered office of the Company is located
     at the offices of Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman,
     KY1-1104, Cayman Islands.

     The holding company of the Company is Stellar Infinity Company Ltd. and the ultimate parent
     company of the Company is Harmonia Holding Investing (PTC) Limited. Both Stellar Infinity
     Company Ltd. and Harmonia Holding Investing (PTC) Limited are incorporated in BVI.

     The shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 14 June 2019.

     The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (together, the
     “Group”) were principally engaged in the research and development, production and sale of a series
     of pharmaceutical products in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

     As at the date of this report, the Company has direct and indirect interest in its subsidiaries,
     all of which are private limited liability companies (or if incorporated outside Hong Kong, have
     substantially similar characteristics to a private company incorporated in Hong Kong).

     Particulars of the principal subsidiaries now comprising the Group are set out below:

                                          Pace of
                                          incorporation/   Issued ordinary/                     Percentage of equity
                                          registration           registered Date of         attributable to the Company
     Company name                         and operation       share capital incorporation         Direct           Indirect Principal activities

     Jiangsu Hansoh Pharmaceutical        PRC/                      RMB July 1995                    –              100% Pharmaceutical
        Group Co., Ltd.                   Mainland China   1,000,000,000
        (“Jiangsu Hansoh”)

     Shanghai Hansoh                      PRC/                      RMB October 2011                 –              100% Pharmaceutical
       BioMedical Co., Ltd.               Mainland China     260,000,000
       (“Shanghai Hansen”)

     Hansoh Pharma International          HK/Hong Kong            HK$100 December 2015               –              100% Investment
       Limited (“Hansoh International”)                                                                                    holding and
                                                                                                                           trading

     Hansoh (Shanghai) Health             PRC/                      US$ September 2019               –              100% Investment holding
       Technology Co., Ltd.               Mainland China      90,000,000                                                   and trading
       (“Hansoh Health”)

     Changzhou Hengbang                   PRC/                      RMB April 2018                   –              100% Pharmaceutical
       Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.           Mainland China     100,000,000
       (“Changzhou Hengbang”)

     Hansoh Investment Co., Ltd.          HK/Hong Kong                  – December 2020              –              100% Investment holding
       (“Hansoh Investment”)                                                                                               and trading

     The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors,
     principally affected the results for the year ended 31 December 2021 or formed a substantial
     portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of
     the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.

     During the reporting period, six new subsidiaries were controlled by agreement (“VIE”), which are
     not listed in the above table because they didn’t principally affect the results for the year ended 31
     December 2021 or form a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group.
                                                                                                               2021 ANNUAL REPORT                  59
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     31 December 2021




     2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION

          These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
          Standards (“HKFRSs”) (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong
          Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
          Public Accountants (“HKICPA”), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the
          disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under
          the historical cost convention, except for financial assets at fair value through profit or loss which
          have been measured at fair value. These financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”)
          and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.

          Basis of consolidation

          The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Group for the year
          ended 31 December 2021. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity), directly or
          indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights,
          to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns
          through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to
          direct the relevant activities of the investee).

          When the Company has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of
          an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has
          power over an investee, including:

          (a)   the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;

          (b)   rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

          (c)   the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

          The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the
          Company, using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from
          the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that
          such control ceases.

          Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners
          of the parent of the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the
          non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity,
          income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are
          eliminated in full on consolidation.

          The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate
          that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change
          in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity
          transaction.

          If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises (i) the assets (including goodwill)
          and liabilities of the subsidiary, (ii) the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest and (iii)
          the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity; and recognises (i) the fair value of
          the consideration received, (ii) the fair value of any investment retained and (iii) any resulting
          surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously recognised in
          other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on
          the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or
          liabilities.

60   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

     The Group has adopted the following revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current year’s
     financial statements.

     Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39,            Interest Rate Benchmark Reform- Phase 2
      HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16
     Amendment to HKFRS 16                      Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021
                                                  (early adopted)

     The nature and the impact of the revised HKFRSs are described below:

     (a)   Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16 address issues
           not dealt with in the previous amendments which affect financial reporting when an existing
           interest rate benchmark is replaced with an alternative risk-free rate (“RFR”). The amendments
           provide a practical expedient to allow the effective interest rate to be updated without adjusting
           the carrying amount of financial assets and liabilities when accounting for changes in the basis
           for determining the contractual cash flows of financial assets and liabilities, if the change is a
           direct consequence of the interest rate benchmark reform and the new basis for determining
           the contractual cash flows is economically equivalent to the previous basis immediately
           preceding the change. In addition, the amendments permit changes required by the interest
           rate benchmark reform to be made to hedge designations and hedge documentation without
           the hedging relationship being discontinued. Any gains or losses that could arise on transition
           are dealt with through the normal requirements of HKFRS 9 to measure and recognise
           hedge ineffectiveness. The amendments also provide a temporary relief to entities from
           having to meet the separately identifiable requirement when an RFR is designated as a risk
           component. The relief allows an entity, upon designation of the hedge, to assume that the
           separately identifiable requirement is met, provided the entity reasonably expects the RFR
           risk component to become separately identifiable within the next 24 months. Furthermore,
           the amendments require an entity to disclose additional information to enable users of
           financial statements to understand the effect of interest rate benchmark reform on an entity’s
           financial instruments and risk management strategy. The Group had no interest-bearing bank
           borrowings based on the Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate (“HIBOR”), the London Interbank
           Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) or other Interbank Offered Rates as at 31 December 2021. The Group
           expected the above amendments have had no impact on the Group’s financial statements.

     (b)   Amendment to HKFRS 16 issued in April 2021 extends the availability of the practical
           expedient for lessees to elect not to apply lease modification accounting for rent concessions
           arising as a direct consequence of the covid-19 pandemic by 12 months. Accordingly, the
           practical expedient applies to rent concessions for which any reduction in lease payments
           affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2022, provided the other conditions
           for applying the practical expedient are met. The amendment is effective retrospectively
           for annual periods beginning on or after 1 April 2021 with any cumulative effect of initially
           applying the amendment recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained
           profits at the beginning of the current accounting period. Earlier application is permitted.

           The Group has early adopted the amendment on 1 January 2021 and applied the practical
           expedient during the year ended 31 December 2021 to all rent concessions granted by the
           lessors that affected only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2022 as a direct
           consequence of the covid-19 pandemic. A reduction in the lease payments arising from the
           rent concessions of RMB379,000 has been accounted for as a variable lease payment by
           derecognising part of the lease liabilities and crediting to profit or loss for the year ended 31
           December 2021. There was no impact on the opening balance of equity as at 1 January 2021.


                                                                                       2021 ANNUAL REPORT       61
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     31 December 2021




     2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS S

          The Group has not applied the following new and revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are
          not yet effective, in these financial statements.

          Amendments to HKFRS 3                      Reference to the Conceptual Framework 1
          Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
           HKAS 28 (2011)                              its Associate or Joint Venture 3
          HKFRS 17                                   Insurance Contracts 2
          Amendments to HKFRS 17                     Insurance Contracts 2, 5
          Amendments to HKAS 1                       Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current 2, 4
          Amendments to HKAS 1 and                   Disclosure of Accounting Policies 2
           HKFRS Practice Statement 2
          Amendments to HKAS 8                       Definition of Accounting Estimates 2
          Amendments to HKAS 12                      Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising
                                                       from a Single Transaction 2
          Amendments to HKAS 16                      Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before
                                                       Intended Use 1
         Amendments to HKAS 37                       Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract 1
         Annual Improvements to HKFRSs               Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative
           2018-2020                                   Examples accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 411
          1
              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022
          2
              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
          3
              No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
          4
              As a consequence of the amendments to HKAS 1, Hong Kong Interpretation 5 Presentation of Financial
              Statements – Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause
              was revised in October 2020 to align the corresponding wording with no change in conclusion
          5
              As a consequence of the amendments to HKFRS 17 issued in October 2020, HKFRS 4 was amended to
              extend the temporary exemption that permits insurers to apply HKAS 39 rather than HKFRS 9 for annual
              periods beginning before 1 January 2023

          These new and revised HKFRSs are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s
          financial statements.




62   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     Investments in associates and joint ventures

     An associate is an entity over which the Group is in a position to exercise significant influence.
     Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the
     investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.

     A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the
     arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually
     agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant
     activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

     When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is held by, or is held indirectly through,
     venture capital organisation or similar entities of the Group, the Group may irrevocably elect to
     measure that investment at fair value through profit or loss in accordance with HKFRS 9 and
     presented as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. Such election is made separately
     for initial recognition of each associate or joint venture.

     Fair value measurement

     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
     an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value
     measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the
     liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a
     principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the
     most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability
     is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or
     liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

     A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to
     generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another
     market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

     The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which
     sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs
     and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.




                                                                                       2021 ANNUAL REPORT       63
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     31 December 2021




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Fair value measurement (Continued)

          All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are
          categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that
          is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

          Level 1 - based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities

          Level 2 - based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
                    value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly

          Level 3 - based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
                    value measurement is unobservable

          For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the
          Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing
          categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a
          whole) at the end of each reporting period.

          Impairment of non-financial assets

          Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is
          required (other than inventories, deferred tax assets and financial assets), the asset’s recoverable
          amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or cash-generating
          unit’s value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual
          asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from
          other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for the
          cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment,
          a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g., a headquarters building) is allocated to
          an individual cash-generating unit if it can be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis or,
          otherwise, to the smallest group of cash-generating units.

          An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable
          amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present
          value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
          money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged to the statement of profit
          or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with the function of
          the impaired asset.

          An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period to whether there is an indication that
          previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an
          indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss
          of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used
          to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying
          amount that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment
          loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited
          to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises.




64   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Related parties

     A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

     (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

           (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

           (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

           (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

     or

     (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

           (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

           (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or
                   fellow subsidiary of the other entity);

           (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

           (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the
                   third entity;

           (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the
                   Group or an entity related to the Group;

           (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

           (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the
                 key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

           (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                  personnel services to the Group or the parent of the Group.




                                                                                             2021 ANNUAL REPORT     65
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     31 December 2021




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Property, plant and equipment and depreciation

          Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less
          accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and
          equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to
          its working condition and location for its intended use.

          Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation,
          such as repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period
          in which it is incurred. In situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure
          for a major inspection is capitalised in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where
          significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the
          Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them
          accordingly.

          Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property,
          plant and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The estimated useful lives of
          property, plant and equipment are as follows:

          Buildings                                                                                20-30 years
          Leasehold improvements                                                                       3 years
          Machinery equipment                                                                         10 years
          Computer and office equipment                                                              3-5 years
          Motor vehicles                                                                               4 years

          Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that
          item is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately.
          Residual values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate,
          at least at the end of each reporting period.

          An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is
          derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or
          disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognised in the statement of profit or loss in
          the year the asset is derecognised is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying
          amount of the relevant asset.

          Construction in progress represents an asset under construction, which is stated at cost less
          any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. Cost comprises the direct costs of construction
          and capitalised borrowing costs on related borrowed funds during the period of construction.
          Construction in progress is reclassified to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment
          when completed and ready for use.




66   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

     Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of
     intangible assets acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The
     useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with
     finite lives are subsequently amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment
     whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period
     and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at
     each financial year end.

     Intangible assets are amortised on the straight-line basis over the following useful economic lives:

     Software                                                                                        3 years

    Research and development costs

     All research costs are charged to the statement of profit or loss as incurred.

     Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when
     the Group can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will
     be available for use or sale, its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the
     asset will generate future economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete the project
     and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the development. Product development
     expenditure which does not meet these criteria is expensed when incurred.

    Acquired in-process research and development costs

     The Group has acquired rights to develop and commercialise product candidates. Upfront payments
     that relate to the acquisition of a new drug compound, as well as pre-commercial milestone
     payments, are immediately expensed as acquired in-process research and development in the
     period in which they are incurred, provided that the new drug compound did not also include
     processes or activities that would constitute a business, the drug has not achieved regulatory
     approval for marketing and, absent obtaining such approval, has no established alternative future
     use. Milestone payments made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are capitalised
     as intangible assets and amortised over the estimated remaining useful life of the related product.
     Royalties owed on sales of the products licensed pursuant to the agreements are expensed in the
     period the related revenues are recognised.




                                                                                        2021 ANNUAL REPORT       67
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     31 December 2021




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Leases

          The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is,
          or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a
          period of time in exchange for consideration.

         Group as a lessee

          The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for
          short-term leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make
          lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

          (a)   Right-of-use assets

                The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e.,
                the date the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at
                cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any
                remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease
                liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the
                commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated
                on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the
                assets, as follows:

                Land use right                                                                        50 years
                Property                                                                            3-12 years

                If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group at the end of the lease term or the
                cost reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated
                useful life of the asset.

          (b)   Lease liabilities

                Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of
                lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments
                (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease
                payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual
                value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option
                reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating of
                a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The
                variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as expenses
                (unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which the event or condition
                that triggers the payment occurs.

                In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing
                rate at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is
                not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is
                increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In
                addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a
                change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to future payments
                resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments) or a
                change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

                The Group’s lease liabilities are presented in a separate line on the consolidated statement of
                financial position.


68   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Leases (Continued)

     Group as a lessee (Continued)

     (c)   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

           The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of
           machinery and equipment (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less
           from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the
           recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets to leases of office equipment that is
           considered to be low value.

           Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense
           on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

    Group as a lessor

     When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease
     modification) each of its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.

     Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental
     to ownership of an asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and
     non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each component
     on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line basis
     over the lease terms and is included in revenue in the statement of profit or loss due to its operating
     nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the
     carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental
     income. Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

     Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to of ownership of an
     underlying assets to the lessee are accounted for as finance leases.




                                                                                      2021 ANNUAL REPORT       69
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     31 December 2021




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Investments and other financial assets

         Initial recognition and measurement

          Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost,
          fair value through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

          The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s
          contractual cash flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the
          exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which
          the Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing
          component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value, plus in the case of a
          financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do
          not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical
          expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under HKFRS 15 in accordance with
          the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.

          In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost, it needs to give rise
          to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal amount
          outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair
          value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

          The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial
          assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will
          result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets
          classified and measured at amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to
          hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and
          measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with
          the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which
          are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value
          through profit or loss.

          All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is,
          the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are
          purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally
          established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.

         Subsequent measurement

          The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

         Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)

          Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method
          and are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss
          when the asset is derecognised, modified or impaired.




70   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

     Subsequent measurement (Continued)

    Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)

     For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign
     exchange revaluation and impairment losses or reversals are recognised in the statement of profit
     or loss and computed in the same manner as for financial assets measured at amortised cost. The
     remaining fair value changes are recognised in other comprehensive income. Upon derecognition,
     the cumulative fair value change recognised in other comprehensive income is recycled to the
     statement of profit or loss.

    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position
     at fair value with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

     This category includes equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to classify
     at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on equity investments classified
     as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are also recognised as other income in the
     statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established, it is probable that
     the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the
     dividend can be measured reliably.

     Derecognition of financial assets

     A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar
     financial assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement
     of financial position) when:

     •    the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

     •    the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed
          an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party
          under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially
          all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained
          substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.

     When the Group has transferred its right to receive cash flows from an asset (or has entered into a
     pass-through arrangement), and has neither transferred nor retained substantially all of the risks
     and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset, the asset is recognised to the extent
     of the Group’s continuing involvement in the asset. In that case, the Group also recognises an
     associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that
     reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.

     Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured
     at the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration
     that the Group could be required to repay.




                                                                                       2021 ANNUAL REPORT       71
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     31 December 2021




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Impairment of financial assets

          The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not
          held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual
          cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to
          receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash
          flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are
          integral to the contractual terms.

         General approach

          ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant
          increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from
          default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit
          exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition,
          a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure,
          irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

          At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has
          increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares
          the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of
          a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers
          reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort, including
          historical and forward-looking information.

          For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, the Group applies the low
          credit risk simplification. At each reporting date, the Group evaluates whether the debt investments
          are considered to have low credit risk using all reasonable and supportable information that is
          available without undue cost or effort. In making that evaluation, the Group reassesses the external
          credit ratings of the debt investments. In addition, the Group considers that there has been a
          significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due.

          The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 1 year past due.
          However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when
          internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding
          contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group.
          A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual
          cash flows.




72   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

     General approach (Continued)

     Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at
     amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within
     the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables which apply the simplified
     approach as detailed below.

     Stage 1 - Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial
               recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month
               ECLs

     Stage 2 - Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial
               recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss
               allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs

     Stage 3 - Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased
               or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount
               equal to lifetime ECLs

    Simplified approach

     For trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group
     applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component,
     the Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach,
     the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on
     lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on
     its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and
     the economic environment. The provision matrix for trade receivables is as follows:

     Overdue by                                                                                 Provision rate
     Within 90 days                                                                                        0%
     90 days to 1 year                                                                                   20%
     Over 1 year                                                                                        100%

     Financial liabilities

    Initial recognition and measurement

     Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through
     profit or loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments
     in an effective hedge, as appropriate.

     All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings
     and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

     The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables and convertible bonds.




                                                                                          2021 ANNUAL REPORT        73
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     31 December 2021




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Financial liabilities (Continued)

         Subsequent measurement

          The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

         Financial liabilities at amortised cost (loans and borrowings)

          After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at
          amortised cost, using the effective interest method unless the effect of discounting would be
          immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement
          of profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate
          amortisation process.

          Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees
          or costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation
          is included in finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.

         Convertible bonds

          The component of convertible bonds that exhibits characteristics of a liability is recognised as a
          liability in the statement of financial position, net of transaction costs. On issuance of convertible
          bonds, the fair value of the liability component is determined using a market rate for an equivalent
          non-convertible bond; and this amount is carried as a long term liability on the amortised cost
          basis until extinguished on conversion or redemption. If the conversion option of convertible bonds
          exhibits characteristics of an embedded derivative, it is separated from its liability component.
          On initial recognition, the derivative component of the convertible bonds is measured at fair value
          and presented as part of derivative financial instruments. Any excess of proceeds over the amount
          initially recognised as the derivative component is recognised as the liability component. Transaction
          costs are apportioned between the liability and derivative components of the convertible bonds
          based on the allocation of proceeds to the liability and derivative components when the instruments
          are initially recognised. The portion of the transaction costs relating to the liability component
          is recognised initially as part of the liability. The portion relating to the derivative component is
          recognised immediately in the statement of profit or loss.

          Derecognition of financial liabilities

          A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled,
          or expires.

          When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially
          different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or
          modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability,
          and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit
          or loss.




74   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Offsetting of financial instruments

     Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement
     of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts
     and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liabilities
     simultaneously.

     Treasury shares

     Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Group (treasury shares) are
     recognised directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognised in the statement of profit or loss
     on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Group’s own equity instruments.

     Inventories

     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the
     weighted average method. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials,
     direct labour, other direct costs and related production overheads. Net realisable value is based on
     estimated selling price less any estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal. If the
     cost of inventories is higher than the net realisable value, the provision of inventories is recognised
     in profit or loss.

     Cash and cash equivalents

     For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise
     cash on hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily
     convertible into known amounts of cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and
     have a short maturity of generally within three months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which
     are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.

     For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents
     comprise cash on hand and at banks, including term deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash,
     which are not restricted to use.

     Provisions

     A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result
     of a past event and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the
     obligation, provided that a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

     When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present
     value at the end of each reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to
     settle the obligation. The increase in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage
     of time is included in finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.




                                                                                      2021 ANNUAL REPORT       75
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     31 December 2021




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Income tax

          Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside
          profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in
          equity.

          Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid
          to the taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
          enacted by the end of each reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices
          prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.

          Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of each
          reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for
          financial reporting purposes.

          Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

          •    when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or
               liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction,
               affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and

          •    in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, when
               the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that
               the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

          Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of
          unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that
          it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences,
          and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

          •    when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the
               initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination
               and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or
               loss; and

          •    in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
               deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary
               differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against
               which the temporary differences can be utilised.

          The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
          reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available
          to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are
          reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become
          probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to
          be recovered.

          Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the
          period when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that
          have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.



76   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Income tax (Continued)

     Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally
     enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets
     and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the
     same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities
     and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each
     future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be
     settled or recovered.

     Government grants

     Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the
     grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to
     an expense item, it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs,
     for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.

     Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income account and is
     released to the statement of profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal
     annual instalments or deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and released to the statement
     of profit or loss by way of a reduced depreciation charge.

     Revenue recognition

    Revenue from contracts with customers

     Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is
     transferred to the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group
     expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.

     When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is
     estimated to which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services
     to the customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained
     until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue
     recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is
     subsequently resolved.

     When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant
     benefit of financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year,
     revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount
     rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction between the Group and the
     customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a financing component which provides
     the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one year, revenue recognised under the
     contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest
     method. For a contract where the period between the payment by the customer and the transfer
     of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the
     effects of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.




                                                                                       2021 ANNUAL REPORT       77
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     31 December 2021




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Revenue recognition (Continued)

          Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

         (a)   Sale of pharmaceutical products

               Revenue from the sale of pharmaceutical products is recognised at the point in time
               when control of the asset is transferred to the customer, generally on acceptance of the
               pharmaceutical products by the customer.

               Some contracts for the sale of pharmaceutical products provide customers with rights of
               return. The rights of return give rise to variable consideration. For contracts which provide a
               customer with a right to return the goods within a specified period, the expected value method
               is used to estimate the goods that will not be returned because this method best predicts
               the amount of variable consideration to which the Group will be entitled. The requirements
               in HKFRS 15 on constraining estimates of variable consideration are applied in order to
               determine the amount of variable consideration that can be included in the transaction price.
               For goods that are expected to be returned, instead of revenue, a refund liability is recognised.
               A right-of-return asset (and the corresponding adjustment to cost of sales) is also recognised
               for the right to recover products from a customer.

         (b)   Collaboration arrangements

               The Group’s collaborative arrangements may contain more than one performance obligation,
               including grants of licenses to intellectual property rights, agreement to provide research and
               development services and other deliverables. The collaborative arrangements do not include
               a right of return for any deliverable. As part of the accounting for these arrangements, the
               Group must develop assumptions that require judgement to determine the stand-alone selling
               price for each performance obligation identified in the contract. In developing the stand-alone
               selling price for a performance obligation, the Group considers competitor pricing for a similar
               or identical product, market awareness of and perception of the product, expected product
               life and current market trends. In general, the consideration allocated to each performance
               obligation is recognised when the respective obligation is satisfied either by delivering a good
               or providing a service, limited to the consideration that is not constrained. Non-refundable
               payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are
               recorded as advances from customers.

               Licenses of intellectual property : Upfront non-refundable payments for licensing the Group’s
               intellectual property are evaluated to determine if the license is distinct from the other
               performance obligations identified in the arrangement. For licenses determined to be distinct,
               the Group recognises revenues from non-refundable, up-front fees allocated to the license at
               a point in time, when the license is transferred to the licensee and the licensee is able to use
               and benefit from the license.

               Research and development services : The portion of the transaction price allocated to research
               and development service performance obligations is recognised as collaboration revenue at a
               point in time upon delivery of such services.




78   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Revenue recognition (Continued)

     Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

    (b)   Collaboration arrangements (Continued)

          Milestone payments : At the inception of each arrangement that includes development
          milestone payments, the Group evaluates whether the milestones are considered probable
          of being reached and estimates the amount to be included in the transaction price using
          the most likely amount method. If it is probable that a significant revenue reversal would
          not occur, the associated milestone value is included in the transaction price. Milestones
          related to the development-based activities may include initiation of various phases of
          clinical trials. Due to the uncertainty involved in meeting these development-based targets,
          they are generally fully constrained at contract inception. The Group will assess whether the
          variable consideration is fully constrained in each reporting period based on the facts and
          circumstances surrounding the clinical trials. Upon changes to the constraint associated with
          the developmental milestones, variable consideration will be included in the transaction price
          when a significant reversal of revenue recognised is not expected to occur and allocated to the
          separate performance obligations. Regulatory milestones are fully constrained until the period
          in which those regulatory approvals are achieved due to the inherent uncertainty with the
          approval process. Regulatory milestones are included in the transaction price in the period in
          which regulatory approval is obtained.

          Royalties : For arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone payments
          based on the level of sales, and the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which the
          royalties relate, the Group recognises revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur,
          and (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated
          has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).

    Other income

     Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms.

     Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying
     the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the
     financial instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the
     financial asset.

     Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been
     established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the
     Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.

     Contract liabilities

     A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is
     earlier) from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities
     are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of
     the related goods or services to the customer).




                                                                                      2021 ANNUAL REPORT       79
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     31 December 2021




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Share-based payments

          The Company operates a restricted share unit scheme for the purpose of providing incentives and
          rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. Employees
          (including directors) of the Group receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments,
          whereby employees render services as consideration for equity instruments ( “equity-settled
          transactions”).

          The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees for grants is measured by reference to the
          fair value at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external valuer
          using a binomial model, further details of which are given in note 28 to the financial statements.

          The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in employee benefit expense, together with
          a corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service
          conditions are fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the
          end of each reporting period until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period
          has expired and the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately
          vest. The charge or credit to the statement of profit or loss for a period represents the movement in
          the cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning and end of that period.

          Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the
          grant date fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part
          of the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market
          performance conditions are reflected within the grant date fair value. Any other conditions attached
          to an award, but without an associated service requirement, are considered to be non-vesting
          conditions. Non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair value of an award and lead to an
          immediate expensing of an award unless there are also service and/or performance conditions.

          For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions
          have not been met, no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting
          condition, the transactions are treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting
          condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.

          Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised
          as if the terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an
          expense is recognised for any modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based
          payments, or is otherwise beneficial to the employee as measured at the date of modification.

          Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of
          cancellation, and any expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised immediately. This
          includes any award where non-vesting conditions within the control of either the Group or the
          employee are not met. However, if a new award is substituted for the cancelled award, and is
          designated as a replacement award on the date that it is granted, the cancelled and new awards are
          treated as if they were a modification of the original award, as described in the previous paragraph.

          The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation
          of earnings per share.




80   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Other employee benefits

    Pension scheme

     The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operates in Mainland China are required to
     participate in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. These
     subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the central
     pension scheme. The contributions are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become
     payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.

     Dividends

     Dividend distribution to the shareholders is recognised as a liability in the period in which the
     dividends are approved by the shareholders or directors, where appropriate.

     Foreign currencies

     These financial statements are presented in RMB. Each entity in the Group determines its own
     functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured
     using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group
     are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the
     transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the
     functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of each reporting period. Differences arising
     on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

     Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
     translated using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items
     measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date
     when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item
     measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on change in fair
     value of the item.

     In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income
     on the derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance
     consideration, the date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises
     the non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there
     are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each
     payment or receipt of the advance consideration.

     The functional currencies of the Company and certain overseas subsidiaries are currencies other
     than RMB. As at the end of each reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are
     translated into RMB at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period and their
     statements of profit or loss are translated into RMB at the exchange rates that approximate to those
     prevailing at the dates of the transactions.

     The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated
     in the exchange fluctuation reserve. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other
     comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in the statement of
     profit or loss.

     For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries
     are translated into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently
     recurring cash flows of overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year or period are
     translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.

                                                                                     2021 ANNUAL REPORT       81
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     31 December 2021




     3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

          The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements,
          estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets
          and liabilities, and their accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities.
          Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a
          material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.

          Estimation uncertainty

          The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the
          end of each reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the
          carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

          Deferred tax assets

          Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable
          profit will be available against which the losses can be utilised. Significant management judgement
          is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon
          the likely timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies. The
          carrying value of deferred tax assets relating to recognised tax losses as at 31 December 2021 was
          RMB924,000 (2020: RMB2,641,000). The amount of tax losses that are not recognised as deferred
          tax assets as at 31 December 2021 was RMB1,321,659,000 (2020: RMB406,287,000). Further
          details are contained in note 25 to the financial statements.

          Income tax

          The Group is subject to income taxes in various regions. As a result, when certain matters
          relating to the income taxes have not been confirmed by the local tax bureau, objective estimates
          and judgments based on currently enacted tax laws, regulations and other related policies are
          required in determining the provision for corporate income taxes. Where the final tax outcome of
          these matters is different from the amounts originally recorded, the differences will impact on the
          corporate income tax and tax provisions over the period in which the differences are realised.

          Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables

          The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates are
          based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns
          (i.e., by geography, product type, customer type and rating, and coverage by letters of credit and
          other forms of credit insurance).

          The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The
          Group will calibrate the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking
          information. For instance, if forecast economic conditions (i.e., gross domestic product) are
          expected to deteriorate over the next year which can lead to an increased number of defaults in the
          distribution sector, the historical default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical
          observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.

          The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic
          conditions and ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in
          circumstances and forecast economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and
          forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of a customer’s actual default in the
          future. The information about the ECLs on the Group’s trade receivables is disclosed in note 17 to
          the financial statements.

82   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

     Estimation uncertainty (Continued)

     Useful lives and residual values of property, plant and equipment

     In determining the useful lives and residual values of items of property, plant and equipment, the
     Group has to consider various factors, such as technical or commercial obsolescence arising from
     changes or improvements in production, or from a change in the market demand for the product or
     service output of the asset, expected usage of the asset, expected physical wear and tear, the repair
     and maintenance of the asset and the legal or similar limits on the use of the asset. The estimation
     of the useful life of the asset is based on the experience of the Group with similar assets that are
     used in a similar way.

     Additional depreciation is recognised if the estimated useful lives and/or the residual values
     of items of property, plant and equipment are different from the previous estimation. Useful
     lives and residual values are reviewed at the end of each reporting period based on changes in
     circumstances.

     Research and development costs

     All research costs are charged to the statement of profit or loss as incurred. Expenditure incurred on
     projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when the Group can demonstrate
     the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale,
     its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate future
     economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete the project and the ability to measure
     reliably the expenditure during the development. Product development expenditure which does not
     meet these criteria is expensed when incurred. Determining the amounts of development costs to
     be capitalised requires the use of judgements and estimation.

4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

     Information about geographical areas

     Since over 90% of the Group’s revenue and operating profit were generated from the sale of
     pharmaceutical products in Mainland China and most of the Group’s identifiable operating assets
     and liabilities were located in Mainland China, no geographical segment information in accordance
     with HKFRS 8 Operating Segments is presented.

     Information about major customers

     No revenue from the Group’s sales to a single customer amounted to 10% or more of the Group’s
     revenue during the reporting period.




                                                                                         2021 ANNUAL REPORT       83
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     31 December 2021




     5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND OTHER GAINS, NET

          An analysis of revenue, other income and other gains, net is as follows:

                                                                                    2021                2020
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000

          Revenue from contracts with customers
          Sales of goods – at a point in time                                  9,707,761            8,621,808
          Collaboration revenue – at a point in time                             227,380               68,426

                                                                               9,935,141            8,690,234

          Other income
          Investment income                                                       89,758                71,879
          Government grants                                                      138,053                55,322
          Bank interest income                                                   164,093                92,037
          Others                                                                   1,284                 1,399

                                                                                 393,188              220,637

          Other gains, net
          Gain/(loss) on disposal of items of property,
            plant and equipment                                                       3,935                 (39)
          Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value
            through profit or loss                                               144,493                88,909
          Donations                                                              (64,299)              (48,804)
          Foreign exchange (losses)/gains, net                                    (9,307)               63,370
          Impairment of trade receivables, net                                      (817)                  309
          Impairment of inventories, net                                            (347)               (1,850)
          Interest expense on lease liabilities                                        –                (1,645)
          Others                                                                 (10,792)                2,644

                                                                                     62,866           102,894

          Performance obligations

          The amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied
          or partially unsatisfied) as at 31 December are as follows:

                                                                                    2021                2020
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000

          Amounts expected to be recognised as revenue:
           Within one year                                                           10,441           193,907
           After one year                                                                 –            40,752

                                                                                     10,441           234,659

          The Group enters into collaboration agreements with companies to license out intellectual property.
          The company may receive development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments and shares
          for the provision of relevant intellectual property rights and related services in the future. Payments
          under these agreements generally become due and receivable upon achievement of such milestones
          or sales. These commitments are not recorded on the consolidated statement of financial position
          because the achievement and timing of these milestones are not fixed and determinable. When the
          achievement of these milestones or sales have occurred, the corresponding amounts are recognised
          in the consolidated financial statements.

84   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




6.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX

     The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                    Notes              2021              2020
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

     Cost of inventories sold                                                        590,142            562,083
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                    13             257,165            216,350
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                              14              15,046             11,880
     Amortisation of intangible assets                                15               6,256              5,044
     Impairment of trade receivables, net                             17                 817               (309)
     Impairment of inventories, net                                                      347              1,850
     Operating lease expenses                                                         29,421             26,020
     Auditors’ remuneration                                                            3,820              3,760
     (Gain)/loss on disposal of items of property, plant and
       equipment                                                                      (3,935)                39
     Investment income                                                               (89,758)           (71,879)
     Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value
       through profit or loss                                                       (144,493)           (88,909)
     Bank interest income                                                           (164,093)           (92,037)
     Foreign exchange losses/(gains), net                                              9,307            (63,370)

     Employee benefit expense (including directors’
       remuneration as set out in note 8):
       Wages and salaries                                                          1,766,702         1,420,705
       Social welfare and other benefits*                                            538,234           317,175
       Share-based payments                                                           65,472            68,590

                                                                                   2,370,408         1,806,470

     *    There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing
          level of contributions.

7.   FINANCE COSTS

     An analysis of finance costs from continuing operations is as follows:

                                                                                   2021                  2020
                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000

     Interest on convertible bonds                                                49,554                        –
     Interest on lease liabilities                                                 3,264                        –

                                                                                  52,818                        –




                                                                                            2021 ANNUAL REPORT        85
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     31 December 2021




     8.   DIRECTORS ’ REMUNERATION

          Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules,
          section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the
          Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                      Group
                                                                                  2021                2020
                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000

          Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                              17,786                 15,799
          Performance related bonuses                                            18,378                 19,199
          Share-based payments                                                    2,174                  2,277
          Pension scheme contributions                                              190                    222

                                                                                 38,528                 37,497

                                                                                 38,528                 37,497

          (a)   Independent non-executive directors

                The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

                                                                                  2021                2020
                                                              Note             RMB’000             RMB’000

                Mr. Lin Guoqiang                               (ii)                 360                    60
                Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai                    (ii)                 360                   360
                Ms. Yang Dongtao                               (ii)                 360                   290

                                                                                  1,080                   710

                There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during
                the year (2020: Nil).




86   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




8.   DIRECTORS ’ REMUNERATION (Continued)

     (b)   Executive directors and a non-executive director

                                                    Salaries,
                                             allowances and        Performance    Share-based   Pension scheme           Total
                                     Note    benefits in kind   related bonuses     payments      contributions   remuneration
                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000

           2021

           Executive directors:
             Ms. Zhong Huijuan        (i)             7,961              7,649             –                80         15,690
             Miss Sun Yuan                            6,667              8,148             –                15         14,830
             Mr. Lyu Aifeng                           3,158              2,581         2,174                95          8,008

           Non-executive director:
             Ms. Ma Cuifang          (iii)                 –                 –              –                –              –

                                                     17,786             18,378         2,174               190         38,528

           2020

           Executive directors:
             Ms. Zhong Huijuan        (i)             7,961              9,729             –               100         17,790
             Miss Sun Yuan                            6,333              7,740             –                31         14,104
             Mr. Lyu Aifeng                           1,505              1,730         2,277                91          5,603

                                                     15,799             19,199         2,277               222         37,497

           Non-executive director:
             Ms. Ma Cuifang          (iii)                 –                 –              –                –              –

                                                     15,799             19,199         2,277               222         37,497

           There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration
           during the year.

           Notes:

           (i)     Ms. Zhong Huijuan is also the chief executive officer of the Company.

           (ii)    Mr. Lin Guoqiang, Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai and Ms. Yang Dongtao were appointed as
                   independent non-executive directors on 31 May 2019.

           (iii)   Ms. Ma Cuifang resigned as the non-executive director of the Company on 6 September 2021.




                                                                                                       2021 ANNUAL REPORT        87
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     31 December 2021




     9.   FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

          For the year ended 31 December 2021, the five highest paid employees of the Group included three
          directors (2020: three directors), details of whose remuneration are set out in note 8 above. Details
          of the remuneration of the remaining two (2020: two) highest paid employees who are not directors
          of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                  2021                2020
                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000

          Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                7,273               5,289
          Performance related bonuses                                              1,447                 845
          Share-based payments                                                     1,993               2,088
          Pension scheme contributions                                               284                 144

                                                                                 10,997                8,366

          The number of non-director, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following
          bands is as follows:

                                                                               Number of employees
                                                                                   2021                 2020

          HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                 –                    1
          HK$4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000                                                 –                    1
          HK$6,500,001 to HK$7,000,000                                                 2                    –

                                                                                       2                    2




88   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




10. INCOME TAX

     The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profits arising in or derived from the
     jurisdictions in which members of the Group are domiciled and operate.

     Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands., the
     Group is not subject to any income tax in the Cayman Islands or the British Virgin Islands.

     The subsidiary incorporated in Hong Kong and subsidiaries registered as a Hong Kong tax resident
     are subject to income tax at the rate of 16.5% (2020: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits
     arising in Hong Kong during the reporting period.

     The provision for PRC corporate income tax is based on the statutory rate of 25% of the assessable
     profits of certain PRC subsidiaries of the Group as determined in accordance with the PRC
     Corporate Income Tax Law which was approved and became effective on 1 January 2008, except for
     certain subsidiaries of the Group in Mainland China which are granted tax concession and are taxed
     at preferential tax rates.

     In 2014, Jiangsu Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu Hansoh”), a subsidiary of the
     Company, was accredited as a “High and New Technology Enterprise” (“HNTE”) and was entitled
     to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for a period of three years from 2014 to 2016. Jiangsu
     Hansoh subsequently renewed its HNTE qualification in 2017 and 2019, and was entitled to the
     preferential tax rate of 15% from 2020 to 2022.

     In 2017, Shanghai Hansoh BioMedical Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Hansen”), a subsidiary of the Company,
     was initially accredited as an HNTE, and thus entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% from
     2017 to 2019. Shanghai Hansen subsequently renewed its HNTE qualification in 2020, and was
     entitled to the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2020 to 2022.

     In 2021, Changzhou Hengbang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Changzhou Hengbang”), a subsidiary of
     the Company, was initially accredited as an HNTE, and thus entitled to a preferential income tax
     rate of 15% from 2021 to 2023.

     The income tax expense of the Group for the year is analysed as follows:

                                                                             2021                2020
                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000

     Current income tax                                                   442,238              692,349
     Deferred income tax (note 25)                                        144,942             (162,957)

     Tax charge for the year                                              587,180              529,392




                                                                                    2021 ANNUAL REPORT      89
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     31 December 2021




     10. INCOME TAX (Continued)

          A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax using the statutory rate for the
          jurisdictions in which the majority of the Group’s subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax expense at
          the effective tax rate is as follows:

                                                                                  2021                2020
                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000

          Profit before tax                                                  3,300,082            3,098,299

          Tax at the statutory tax rate (25%)                                  825,021              774,574
          Preferential income tax rate applicable to
            certain subsidiaries                                              (293,401)            (233,877)
          Additional deductible allowance for
            qualified research and development costs                          (254,944)            (189,608)
          Adjustments in respect of current income tax
            of previous years                                                   (1,133)              15,143
          Income not subject to tax                                            (42,191)             (16,760)
          Expenses not deductible for tax                                        2,405                8,705
          Accrual for withholding tax                                          151,181              125,649
          Tax losses utilised from previous years                                  (42)                   –
          Tax losses not recognised                                            200,284               45,566

          Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                             587,180              529,392

     11. DIVIDENDS

                                                                                  2021                2020
                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000

          Dividends declared – RMB6.51 cents (2020: Nil)
            per ordinary share                                                 380,866                     –

          Pursuant to the resolution of the shareholders of the Company dated 3 June 2021, the Company
          declared a dividend of RMB6.51 cents (2020: Nil) per ordinary share, amounting to a total of
          approximately RMB380,866,000 (2020: Nil).




90   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




12. EARNINGS PER SHARE

     The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit for the year attributable to
     ordinary equity holders of the parent of RMB2,712,902,000 (2020: RMB2,568,907,000), and the
     weighted average number of ordinary shares of 5,921,040,161 (2020: 5,876,243,659) in issue
     during the year, are adjusted to reflect the rights issue during the year.

     The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year
     attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent, adjusted to reflect the interest and the fair
     value on the convertible bonds. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the
     calculation of the diluted earnings per share is the weighted average number of ordinary shares in
     issue of the parent, as used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average
     number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued on the conversion of all dilutive potential
     shares into ordinary shares.

     The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                             2021                 2020
                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000

     Earnings
     Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent
       used in the basic earnings per share calculation                 2,712,902             2,568,907

     Interest on convertible bonds                                            49,554                  –
     Less: Fair value gain on the derivative
       component of the convertible bonds                                 108,754                     –
     Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent
       used in the diluted earnings per share calculation               2,653,702             2,568,907

                                                                       Adjusted number of shares
                                                                             2021                2020

     Shares
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in
       issue during the year used in the basic earnings
       per share calculation                                        5,921,040,161         5,876,243,659

     Effect of dilution – weighted average number of
       ordinary shares:
     Restricted share units                                             3,749,136             1,835,071
     Convertible bonds                                                 73,068,427                     –
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in
      issue during the year used in the diluted earnings
      per share calculation                                         5,997,857,724         5,878,078,730

     Basic earnings per share (RMB per share)                                   0.46               0.44
     Diluted earnings per share (RMB per share)                                 0.44               0.44




                                                                                       2021 ANNUAL REPORT   91
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     31 December 2021




     13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                 Machinery     Computer
                                                    Leasehold          and    and office      Motor    Construction
                                       Buildings improvements    equipment    equipment     vehicles    in progress       Total
                                       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

          31 December 2020
          At 1 January 2020
            Cost                       1,201,094        7,487    1,055,612       99,977      66,513       234,824     2,665,507
            Accumulated depreciation    (307,725)      (7,441)    (480,227)     (77,834)    (51,448)            –      (924,675)
          Net carrying amount           893,369           46      575,385       22,143       15,065       234,824     1,740,832

          At 1 January 2020,
            net of accumulated
            depreciation                893,369           46      575,385       22,143       15,065       234,824     1,740,832
          Additions                      37,019          716       74,389       56,146       10,512       348,595       527,377
          Disposals                      (2,399)           –       (6,117)        (173)           –             –        (8,689)
          Transfer                       89,422        1,722      131,071        9,677            –      (235,693)       (3,801)
          Exchange realignment                –            –          (37)          (3)           –             –           (40)
          Depreciation provided
            during the year              (63,307)       (413)    (122,575)      (23,063)     (6,992)             –     (216,350)
          At 31 December 2020,
            net of accumulated
            depreciation                954,104        2,071      652,116       64,727       18,585       347,726     2,039,329
          At 31 December 2020:
            Cost                       1,324,808        9,925    1,244,007     164,636       75,733       347,726      3,166,835
            Accumulated depreciation    (370,702)      (7,854)    (591,891)    (99,911)     (57,148)            –     (1,127,506)
          Net carrying amount           954,106        2,071      652,116       64,725       18,585       347,726     2,039,329

          31 December 2021
          At 1 January 2021
            Cost                       1,324,808        9,925    1,244,007     164,636       75,733       347,726      3,166,835
            Accumulated depreciation    (370,702)      (7,854)    (591,891)    (99,911)     (57,148)            –     (1,127,506)

          Net carrying amount           954,106        2,071      652,116       64,725       18,585       347,726     2,039,329

          At 1 January 2021,
            net of accumulated
            depreciation                954,106         2,071     652,116        64,725      18,585       347,726     2,039,329
          Additions                      10,776             –     142,187        40,894      11,048     1,289,088     1,493,993
          Disposals                     (23,036)       (1,348)    (16,795)         (315)       (495)            –       (41,989)
          Transfer                      968,827         2,693     169,802       (15,337)          –    (1,135,113)       (9,128)
          Exchange realignment                –             –         (12)         (459)          –           (14)         (485)
          Depreciation provided
            during the year              (67,991)       (325)    (151,390)      (29,841)     (7,618)             –     (257,165)
          At 31 December 2021,
            net of accumulated
            depreciation               1,842,682       3,091      795,908       59,667       21,520       501,687     3,224,555

          At 31 December 2021:
            Cost                       2,278,724      10,897     1,528,095     183,446       81,468       501,687      4,584,317
            Accumulated depreciation    (436,042)     (7,806)     (732,187)   (123,779)     (59,948)            –     (1,359,762)
          Net carrying amount          1,842,682       3,091      795,908       59,667       21,520       501,687     3,224,555




92   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

     The Group was applying for the certificates of ownership for certain properties with a net book value
     of RMB165,156,092 as at 31 December 2021. The directors of the Company are of the opinion that
     the use of and the conduct of operating activities at the properties referred to above are not affected
     by the fact the Group had not yet obtained the relevant property title certificates. The Group is not
     able to assign, transfer or mortgage these assets until these certificates are obtained.

14. LEASES

     The Group as a lessee

     The Group has lease contracts for various items of land use rights and property. Lump sum
     payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with lease periods of
     50 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land leases. Leases of
     buildings generally have lease terms of 3 years to 12 years. Generally, the Group is restricted from
     assigning and subleasing the leased assets outside the Group.

    (a) Right-of-use assets

                                                        Leasehold land          Property            Total
                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

          As at 1 January 2020                                178,108             8,992          187,100
          Additions                                                 –            89,269           89,269
          Depreciation charge                                  (3,950)           (7,930)         (11,880)

          As at 31 December 2020 and
            1 January 2021                                    174,158            90,331          264,489
          Additions                                                 –             7,410            7,410
          Disposals                                                 –            (4,443)          (4,443)
          Exchange realignment                                      –            (1,570)          (1,570)
          Depreciation charge                                  (3,950)          (11,096)         (15,046)

          As at 31 December 2021                              170,208            80,632          250,840




                                                                                      2021 ANNUAL REPORT       93
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     31 December 2021




     14. LEASES (Continued)

          The Group as a lessee (Continued)

         (b) Lease liabilities

               The carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                  2021                2020
                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000

               Carrying amount at 1 January                                      92,749               9,436
               New leases                                                         7,410              89,269
               Disposals                                                         (4,724)                  –
               Accretion of interest recognised during the year                   3,264               1,645
               Exchange realignment                                              (1,525)                  –
               Payments                                                         (12,289)             (7,601)

               Carrying amount at 31 December                                    84,885              92,749

               Analysed into:
                 Current portion                                                  9,968              11,039
                 Non-current portion                                             74,917              81,710

         (c) The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                  2021                2020
                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000

               Interest on lease liabilities                                      3,264               1,645
               Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                        15,046              11,880
               Expense relating to short-term leases                             29,421              26,020

               Total amount recognised in profit or loss                         47,731              39,545




94   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                        Software
                                                                        RMB’000

     31 December 2021

     Cost at 1 January 2021, net of accumulated amortisation              9,893
     Additions                                                           13,652
     Disposals                                                             (247)
     Exchange realignment                                                    (5)
     Amortisation provided during the year                               (6,256)

     At 31 December 2021                                                 17,037

     At 31 December 2021:
       Cost                                                              55,197
       Accumulated amortisation                                         (38,160)

     Net carrying amount                                                 17,037

     31 December 2020

     Cost at 1 January 2020, net of accumulated amortisation              4,568
     Additions                                                           10,369
     Amortisation provided during the year                               (5,044)

     At 31 December 2020                                                  9,893

     At 31 December 2020:
       Cost                                                              42,225
       Accumulated amortisation                                         (32,332)

     Net carrying amount                                                  9,893




                                                               2021 ANNUAL REPORT   95
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     31 December 2021




     16. INVENTORIES

                                                                                  2021                2020
                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000

          Raw materials                                                          95,187               79,531
          Work in progress                                                      212,223              153,280
          Finished goods                                                        102,717               65,916

                                                                                410,127              298,727

     17. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

                                                                                  2021                2020
                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000

          Trade receivables                                                   3,248,366            2,744,236
          Impairment                                                             (1,069)                (462)

                                                                              3,247,297            2,743,774
          Bills receivable                                                      428,693              383,686

                                                                              3,675,990            3,127,460

          The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit, except for new customers, where
          payment in advance is normally required. The credit period is generally from 60 to 180 days. The
          Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and has a credit control
          department to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management.
          In view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large
          number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does
          not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade and bills receivable balances.
          Trade and bills receivables are non-interest-bearing.

          An ageing analysis of trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice
          date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                  2021                2020
                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000

          Within 90 days                                                      2,997,328            2,731,791
          91 days to 180 days                                                   217,159               11,213
          Over 180 days                                                          32,810                  770

                                                                              3,247,297            2,743,774




96   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




17. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (Continued)

     An ageing analysis of bills receivable as at the end of the reporting period, based on the billing date,
     is as follows:

                                                                                2021                2020
                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000

     Within 90 days                                                          394,604              297,847
     91 days to 180 days                                                      34,089               85,839
     Over 180 days                                                                 –                    –

                                                                             428,693              383,686

     The Group applies the simplified approach to providing for expected credit losses prescribed by
     HKFRS 9, which permits the use of the lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables.
     Based on past experience and forward-looking information, the directors of the Company are of
     the opinion that there is no significant credit risk associated with bills receivable and no credit loss
     allowance is necessary since the counterparties are substantially reputable state-owned banks and
     other medium or large-sized listed banks with no history of default.

     To measure the expected credit losses for trade receivables, trade receivables have been grouped
     based on shared credit risk characteristics and the ageing. The movements in the loss allowance for
     impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                2021                2020
                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000

     At beginning of year                                                         462                1,011
     Impairment losses, net (note 6)                                              817                 (309)
     Amount written off as uncollectible                                         (210)                (240)

     At end of year                                                             1,069                  462




                                                                                         2021 ANNUAL REPORT     97
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     31 December 2021




     17. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (Continued)

          Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables
          using a provision matrix:

                                                                       Overdue by
                                                  Not        Within       90 days          Over
                                              overdue       90 days      to 1 year       1 year         Total

          At 31 December 2021
          Expected credit loss rate                0%            0%          20%         100%             0%
          Gross carrying amount
            (RMB’000)                       2,952,695      291,128          4,343           200    3,248,366

          Expected credit losses
            (RMB’000)                                –             –          869           200        1,069

          At 31 December 2020
          Expected credit loss rate                0%            0%          20%         100%             0%
          Gross carrying amount
            (RMB’000)                       2,736,820         6,650           380           386    2,744,236

          Expected credit losses
            (RMB’000)                                –             –           76           386          462

          At 31 December 2021, the Group endorsed and discounted certain bills receivable accepted by
          banks in Mainland China (the “Derecognised Bills”) to settle the dividends payable, trade payables
          and other payables with a carrying amount of RMB302,698,000 (2020: RMB77,511,000). The
          Derecognised Bills had a maturity of one to six months at the end of the reporting period. In
          accordance with the Law of Negotiable Instruments in the PRC, the holders of the Derecognised
          Bills have a right of recourse against the Group if the PRC banks default (the “Continuing
          Involvement”). In the opinion of the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all risks
          and rewards relating to the Derecognised Bills. Accordingly, it has derecognised the full carrying
          amounts of the Derecognised Bills and the associated dividends payable, trade payables and
          other payables. The maximum exposure to loss from the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the
          Derecognised Bills and the undiscounted cash flows to repurchase these Derecognised Bills is equal
          to their carrying amounts. In the opinion of the directors, the fair values of the Group’s Continuing
          Involvement in the Derecognised Bills are not significant.

          During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group has not recognised any gain or loss on the
          date of transfer of the Derecognised Bills. No gains or losses were recognised from the Continuing
          Involvement, both during the reporting period and cumulatively.




98   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




18. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                     2021                  2020
                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000

     Prepayments                                                                    44,885                 48,611
     Deposits                                                                        8,455                  8,556
     Prepaid expenses                                                                  969                  2,111
     Value-added tax recoverable                                                    52,736                 20,112
     Other receivables                                                              53,162                 62,708

                                                                                   160,207                142,098

     The financial assets included in the above balances relate to receivables for which there was no
     recent history of default and past due amounts. As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the loss
     allowance was assessed to be minimal.

19. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                     2021                  2020
                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000

     Current
     Investments in financial products (note (a))                               2,357,215                 200,000

     Non-current
     Other unlisted investments, at fair value (note (b))                          394,967                 28,389

     Notes:

     (a)   The above investments represent investments in certain financial products issued by commercial banks
           with expected return rates ranging from 1.30% to 3.50% per annum. The returns on all of these financial
           products are not guaranteed. The fair values of the investments approximate to their costs plus expected
           return. None of these investments are either past due or impaired.

     (b)   The amount represents unlisted equity investments in six venture capital which specialise in making equity
           investments in the life science industry and five innovative biopharmaceutical manufacturers. The Group
           has an intention of holding them as long-term investments.




                                                                                             2021 ANNUAL REPORT         99
      Notes to the Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      20. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS

                                                                                        2021                 2020
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

           Investments in financial products                                       1,873,773             9,232,734

           The above investments represent investments in certain financial products issued by commercial
           banks. These financial products had terms of less than one year and had guaranteed annual return
           rates ranging from 0.39% to 0.47%. None of these investments are either past due or impaired.

      21. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                        2021                 2020
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

           Cash and bank balances, unrestricted                                    2,503,263             1,514,473
           Time deposits with original maturity of
             less than three months when acquired                                  4,215,446             1,548,843
           Time deposits with original maturity of
             over three months when acquired (note (a))                            7,983,347             1,221,654

           Cash and bank balances                                                 14,702,056             4,284,970

           Denominated in:
             RMB                                                                   6,810,265             2,437,355
             United States dollar                                                  7,889,662             1,021,222
             Hong Kong dollar                                                          1,106               825,256
             Others                                                                    1,023                 1,137

                                                                                  14,702,056             4,284,970

           The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies, however, under Mainland China’s Foreign
           Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign
           Exchange Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks
           authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.

           Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short term time
           deposits are made for varying periods within three months depending on the immediate cash
           requirements of the Group, and earn interest at the respective short-term time deposit rates. The
           bank balances are deposited with creditworthy banks with no history of default. The carrying
           amounts of the cash and cash equivalents approximate to their fair values.

           Note：

           (a)   The above investments represent time deposits with initial terms of over three months when acquired
                 (including three months) issued by commercial banks with annual return rates ranging from 0.55% to
                 4.13%. None of these investments are either past due or impaired. None of these deposits are pledged.




100   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




22. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES

                                                                            2021                2020
                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000

     Trade payables                                                      116,103               67,520
     Bills payable                                                       132,227               56,862

                                                                         248,330              124,382

     An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on
     the invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                            2021                2020
                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000

     Within 90 days                                                      247,069              122,932
     91 days to 180 days                                                     193                  594
     181 days to 1 year                                                       12                   98
     Over 1 year                                                           1,056                  758

                                                                         248,330              124,382

     The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on 90-day terms.

23. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                            2021                2020
                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000

     Accrued expenses                                                  1,725,012             1,437,440
     Staff payroll, welfare and bonus payables                           362,688               331,266
     Payables for purchase of items of
       property, plant and equipment                                     102,800               92,023
     Other tax payables                                                  112,861              108,406
     Other payables                                                      305,674              377,898

                                                                       2,609,035             2,347,033




                                                                                   2021 ANNUAL REPORT     101
      Notes to the Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      24. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                       2021                     2020
                                                                                                    RMB’000                  RMB’000

           Amounts received in advance of delivery of
            products and services                                                                      22,201                195,688

           Set out below is the amount of revenue and other income recognised from:

                                                                                                       2021                     2020
                                                                                                    RMB’000                  RMB’000

           Amounts included in contract liabilities at the
            beginning of the year                                                                    185,811                  22,643

      25. DEFERRED TAX

           The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year are as follows:

           Deferred tax assets

                                      Losses available          Decelerated      Unrealised                  Provision for
                                          for offsetting      depreciation/      profit from                impairment of
                                         against future        amortisation   intercompany      Accrued trade receivables
                                        taxable profits    for tax purposes    transactions    expenses and inventories           Total
                                              RMB’000              RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000

           At 1 January 2021                     2,641             65,095                 –     50,301              1,622      119,659

           Deferred tax recognised
             in the consolidated
             statement of profit or
             loss during the year               (1,717)             (6,161)               –       7,088               143         (647)

           At 31 December 2021                     924             58,934                 –     57,389              1,765      119,012

           At 1 January 2020                     8,451               3,819               40     47,460              1,352       61,122

           Deferred tax recognised
             in the consolidated
             statement of profit or
             loss during the year               (5,810)            61,276               (40)      2,841               270       58,537

           At 31 December 2020                   2,641             65,095                 –     50,301              1,622      119,659




102   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




25. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)

     Deferred tax liabilities

                                                           Accelerated
                                                           depreciation
                                                                for tax          Accrual for
                                                              purposes       withholding tax          Total
                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000         RMB’000

     At 1 January 2021                                         (53,192)           (188,277)       (241,469)

     Deferred tax recognised in the consolidated
       statement of profit or loss during the year                 (7,141)        (137,154)       (144,295)

     At 31 December 2021                                       (60,333)           (325,431)       (385,764)

     At 1 January 2020                                         (39,461)           (306,428)       (345,889)

     Deferred tax recognised in the consolidated
       statement of profit or loss during the year             (13,731)            118,151         104,420

     At 31 December 2020                                       (53,192)           (188,277)       (241,469)

     The Group has no tax losses arising in Hong Kong (2020: Nil) that are available indefinitely for
     offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in which the losses arose. The Group
     has tax losses arising in Mainland China of RMB1,126,318,000 (2020: RMB360,791,000) that
     will expire in one to ten years for offsetting against future taxable profits. Deferred tax assets have
     not been recognised in respect of these losses as they have arisen in certain subsidiaries that
     have been loss-making for some time and it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be
     available against which the tax losses can be utilised.

     Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends
     declared to foreign investors from the foreign invested enterprises established in Mainland China.
     The requirement is effective from 1 January 2008 and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007.
     A lower withholding tax rate may be applied if there is a tax treaty between Mainland China and the
     jurisdiction of the foreign investors.

     For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the
     consolidated statement of financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax
     balances of the Group for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                  2021               2020
                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

     Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated
       statement of financial position                                          266,752            121,810




                                                                                          2021 ANNUAL REPORT   103
      Notes to the Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      26. CONVERTIBLE BONDS

           On 22 January 2021, the Company issued US$600,000,000 zero coupon convertible bonds due
           2026. The bonds are convertible at the option of the bondholders into ordinary shares after 4 March
           2021 on the basic conversion price of HK$60.00 per share. The bonds are redeemable at the
           option of the bondholders on 22 January 2024. Any convertible bonds not converted, redeemed or
           purchased and cancelled will be redeemed by the Company on 22 January 2026 at the price of the
           par value.

           The fair value of the liability component was estimated at the issuance date using an equivalent
           market interest rate for a similar bond without a conversion option.

           The convertible bonds comprise two components:

           The debt component was initially measured at fair value amounting to US$562,489,000 (equivalent
           to RMB3,634,633,000). It is subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest
           method after considering the effect of the transaction costs.

           The derivative component comprises conversion options and early redemption options (not
           closely related to the debt component), which were initially measured at fair value amounting to
           US$37,511,000 (equivalent to RMB242,387,000) and subsequently measured at fair value with
           changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

           The total transaction costs of US$4,000,000 (equivalent to RMB25,847,000) related to the issue of
           the convertible bonds were allocated to the debt and derivative components in proportion to their
           respective fair values.

           The convertible bonds issued during the year have been split into the debt and embedded derivative
           components as follows:

                                                                                  Embedded
                                                                     Debt         derivative
                                                                component        component            Total
                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000

           As at 1 January 2021                                         –                –                –
           Issue of US$600,000,000 convertible bonds            3,634,633          242,387        3,877,020
           Allocated transaction costs                            (24,231)               –          (24,231)
           Exchange realignment                                   (48,625)          (1,968)         (50,593)
           Interest charged                                        49,554                –           49,554
           Gains arising on changes of fair value                       –         (108,754)        (108,754)

           As at 31 December 2021                               3,611,331          131,665        3,742,996




104   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




27. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                      2021                  2020
                                                                                      RMB                   RMB

     Issued and fully paid:
       5,922,350,070 shares of HK$0.00001 each
         (31 December 2020: 5,918,991,200 shares of
         HK$0.00001 each)                                                           52,169                52,140

     A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:

                                                                                 Number of
                                                                            shares in issue         Share capital
                                                                                                            RMB

     At 1 January 2021                                                      5,918,991,200                 52,140
     Issue of new shares – issue of shares of
       HK$0.00001 each (Note (a))                                                3,358,870                     29

     At 31 December 2021                                                    5,922,350,070                 52,169

     Note:

     (a)     3,358,870 shares of the Company have been successfully issued on 19 April 2021 at the price of HK$5.36
             per share, representing a discount of approximately 85.03% to the closing market price of the Company’s
             ordinary shares on the immediate preceding business day before the completion date. The net proceeds
             from the issuance amounted to HK$18,004,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB15,111,000).




                                                                                              2021 ANNUAL REPORT       105
      Notes to the Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      28. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

           The Group’s Restricted Share Unit Scheme (the “RSU Scheme”) was adopted pursuant to a
           resolution passed on 27 May 2019 for the primary purpose of providing incentives to directors and
           eligible employees, and will expire on 13 June 2029.

           The table below discloses movements of the RSU Scheme:

                                                                                    2021                 2020
                                                                               Number of           Number of
                                                                               restricted           restricted
                                                                               share unit          share unit

           Outstanding as at 1 January                                         8,873,900                    –
           Granted during the year                                            17,542,000            9,035,000
           Forfeited during the year*                                         17,763,470              161,100
           Exercised during the year                                           3,358,870                    –
           Expired during the year                                                     –                    –

           Outstanding as at 31 December                                       5,293,560            8,873,900

           *    During the year ended 31 December 2021, 17,037,300 granted restricted share units were forfeited
                because of failure to satisfy the performance condition.

           During the year ended 31 December 2021, restricted share units were granted on 12 May 2021.
           The closing price of the Group’s shares immediately before 12 May 2021, the date of grant, was
           HK$31.20 per share.

           The fair value of the restricted share units determined on 12 May 2021 using the Binomial model
           was HK$23.78 per unit. The following assumptions were used to calculate the fair value of the
           restricted share units:

                                                       22 April 2020       15 June 2020          12 May 2021

           Grant date share price                         HK$27.96            HK$36.91             HK$30.18
           Exercise price                                  HK$5.36             HK$5.36              HK$6.40
           Exercise life                                    3 years             3 years              3 years
           Exercise volatility                         41.9%-46.7%         40.9%-46.2%          31.9%-40.7%
           Dividend yield                                       0%                  0%                   0%
           Risk-free interest rate                     0.41%-0.52%         0.34%-0.43%          0.07%-0.21%




106   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




28. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)

     The binomial model has been used to estimate the fair value of the restricted share units. The
     variables and assumptions used in computing the fair value of the restricted share units are based
     on the directors’ best estimate. Changes in estimates and assumptions may result in changes in fair
     value of the restricted share units.

     At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of options that
     are expected to vest ultimately. The impact of the revision of the estimates, if any, is recognised in
     profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payment reserve.

     As instructed by the Board, the Trustee is appointed to acquire a certain number of shares from the
     secondary market for the RSU Scheme, and the purchased shares will be held by the Trustee until
     such restricted share units are vested in accordance with the provisions of the Scheme.

     During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Trustee has acquired 4,000,000 treasury shares for
     RMB57,969,000, which was deducted from shareholder’s equity. A summary of movements in the
     Company’s treasury shares is as follows:

                                                                          Number of             Treasury
                                                                             shares               shares
                                                                                               RMB’000

     At 1 January 2021                                                            –                    –
     Shares purchased for share-based payments                            4,000,000               57,969

     At 31 December 2021                                                  4,000,000               57,969




                                                                                      2021 ANNUAL REPORT      107
      Notes to the Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      29. RESERVES

           The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the reporting period are
           presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.

           (a)   Share premium

                 The proceeds from the issue of shares that exceed the nominal value of the shares were
                 credited into the share premium.

           (b)   Merger reserve

                 The merg er re serve of the Grou p represents the capital contributions from the then
                 shareholders of the subsidiaries.

           (c)   Exchange fluctuation reserve

                 The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries are currencies other than the
                 Renminbi (“RMB”). As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these
                 entities are translated into RMB at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting
                 period and their profits or losses are translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange
                 rates for the period. The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive
                 income and accumulated in the exchange fluctuation reserve. On disposal of a foreign
                 operation, the component of other comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign
                 operation is recognised in profit or loss.

           (d)   Statutory surplus reserves

                 In accordance with the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), a
                 subsidiary of the Group which is a domestic enterprise is required to allocate 10% of its profit
                 after tax, as determined in accordance with the relevant PRC Generally Accepted Accounting
                 Principles, to its statutory surplus reserves until the reserves reaches 50% of its registered
                 capital. Subject to certain restrictions set out in the Company Law of the PRC, part of the
                 statutory surplus reserves may be converted to share capital, provided that the remaining
                 balance after the capitalisation is not less than 25% of the registered capital.




108   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




30. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

     (a)   Major non-cash transactions

           Except for the transactions mentioned in note 17, there were no major non-cash transactions
           during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.

     (b)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                      Dividends        Lease     Convertible
                                                        payable    liabilities        bonds         Total
                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000

           At 1 January 2021                                  –       92,749              –       92,749

           Changes from financing cash flows:
           Dividend paid to the shareholders          (380,866)             –            –      (380,866)
           Issue of convertible bonds                        –              –    3,852,789     3,852,789
           Principal portion of lease payments               –        (12,289)           –       (12,289)

           Total changes from financing
             cash flows                               (380,866)       (12,289)   3,852,789     3,459,634

           Other changes:
           Dividend declared to the shareholders       380,866              –            –       380,866
           Interest charged on convertible bonds             –              –       49,554        49,554
           Gains arising on changes of fair value            –              –     (108,754)     (108,754)
           Additions to lease liabilities                    –          7,410            –         7,410
           Disposals of lease liabilities                    –         (4,724)           –        (4,724)
           Accretion of interest recognised
             during the year                                  –         3,264             –         3,264
           Exchange realignment                               –        (1,525)      (50,593)      (52,118)

           Total other changes                         380,866          4,425     (109,793)      275,498

           At 31 December 2021                                –       84,885     3,742,996     3,827,881

           At 1 January 2020                         4,200,000          9,436             –    4,209,436

           Changes from financing cash flows:
           Dividend paid to the then shareholders    (4,200,000)            –             –    (4,200,000)
           Principal portion of lease payments                –        (7,601)            –        (7,601)

           Total changes from financing cash flows   (4,200,000)       (7,601)            –    (4,207,601)

           Other changes:
           Dividend declared to the shareholders              –            –              –            –
           Additions to lease liabilities                     –       89,269              –       89,269
           Accretion of interest recognised
             during the year                                  –         1,645             –         1,645

           Total other changes                                –       90,914              –       90,914

           At 31 December 2020                                –       92,749              –       92,749


                                                                                     2021 ANNUAL REPORT      109
      Notes to the Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      30. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)

           (c)   Total cash outflow for leases

                 The total cash outflow for leases included in the consolidated statement of cash flows is as
                 follows:

                                                                                  2021               2020
                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

                 Within operating activities                                     29,421             26,020
                 Within investing activities                                          –                  –
                 Within financing activities                                     12,289              7,601

                                                                                 41,710             33,621

      31. COMMITMENTS

           Capital commitments

           The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                  2021               2020
                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

           Contracted, but not provided for acquisition of
             property, plant and equipment                                     202,836             339,900

           Other business agreements

           The Group enters into collaboration agreements with institutions and companies to license
           intellectual property. The Company may be obligated to make future development, regulatory
           and commercial milestone payments and royalty payments on future sales of specified products
           associated with its collaboration agreements. Payments under these agreements generally become
           due and payable upon achievement of such milestones or sales. These commitments are not
           recorded on the consolidated statement of financial position because the achievement and timing
           of these milestones are not fixed and determinable. When the achievement of these milestones
           or sales have occurred, the corresponding amounts are recognised in the consolidated financial
           statements.




110   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




32. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     (a)   Name of and relationship with a related party

           Name                                     Relationship

           江蘇恒瑞醫藥股份有限公司                             Investee of a close family member of a director
            (“Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine”)

     (b)   Transactions with a related party

           The following transactions were carried out with a related party:

                                                                                  2021              2020
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000

           Revenue from a collaboration agreement
           Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine                                                  –             28,302

           Expense for services received
           Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine                                                208             18,874

           The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the above sales to related parties were
           conducted in the ordinary course of business and on normal commercial terms.

     (c)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:

                                                                                  2021              2020
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000

           Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                            47,683             28,872
           Performance related bonuses                                          32,761             16,902
           Share-based payments                                                 31,892             33,411
           Pension scheme contributions                                          3,161              1,607

           Total compensation paid to key
             management personnel                                              115,497             80,792

           Further details of directors’ emoluments are included in note 8 to the financial statements.




                                                                                         2021 ANNUAL REPORT   111
      Notes to the Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

           The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the
           reporting period were as follows:

           2021

           Financial assets

                                                                     Financial
                                                                   assets at fair
                                                                   value through
                                                                       other
                                                        Financial comprehensive
                                                        assets at     income             Financial
                                                       fair value                        assets at
                                                          through           Debt        amortised
                                                    profit or loss  investments               cost        Total
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000

           Trade receivables                                    –              –       3,247,297      3,247,297
           Bills receivable                                     –        428,693               –        428,693
           Financial assets at fair value through
             profit or loss                           2,752,182                  –               –    2,752,182
           Financial assets included in
             prepayments, other receivables
             and other assets                                   –                –       114,353        114,353
           Other financial assets                               –                –     1,873,773      1,873,773
           Cash and bank balances                               –                –    14,702,056     14,702,056

                                                      2,752,182          428,693      19,937,479     23,118,354

           Financial liabilities

                                                                         Financial liabilities
                                                                         at fair value through
                                                                             profit or loss

                                                           Financial         Designated as
                                                        liabilities at     such upon initial
                                                      amortised cost            recognition               Total
                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000              RMB’000

           Trade and bills payables                         248,330                        –           248,330
           Financial liabilities included in
             other payables and accruals                  2,133,486                        –          2,133,486
           Lease liabilities                                 84,885                        –             84,885
           Convertible bonds – debt component             3,611,331                        –          3,611,331
           Convertible bonds – embedded
             derivative instruments                                 –                131,665           131,665

                                                          6,078,032                  131,665          6,209,697




112   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (Continued)

     2020

     Financial assets

                                                  Financial
                                                   assets at                       Financial
                                                  fair value                       assets at
                                                    through                       fair value
                                              profit or loss,     Financial         through
                                               mandatorily        assets at            other
                                                designated       amortised    comprehensive
                                                    as such            cost          income            Total
                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

     Trade receivables                                     –     2,743,774                –        2,743,774
     Bills receivable                                      –             –          383,686          383,686
     Financial assets at fair value
       through profit or loss                      228,389               –                 –         228,389
     Financial assets included in
       prepayments, other receivables
       and other assets                                    –        91,376                 –          91,376
     Other financial assets                                –     9,232,734                 –       9,232,734
     Cash and bank balances                                –     4,284,970                 –       4,284,970

                                                   228,389      16,352,854          383,686       16,964,929

     Financial liabilities

                                                                                         Financial liabilities
                                                                                          at amortised cost
                                                                                                  RMB’000

     Trade and bills payables                                                                       124,382
     Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                1,907,361
     Lease liabilities                                                                               92,749
     Dividends payable                                                                                    –

                                                                                                  2,124,492




                                                                                        2021 ANNUAL REPORT       113
      Notes to the Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      34. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

           The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with
           carrying amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:

           Financial assets

                                                            Carrying amount                    Fair value
                                                             2021           2020            2021           2020
                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

           Financial assets at fair value through
             profit or loss                             2,752,182         228,389      2,752,182            228,389
           Debt investments at fair value through
             other comprehensive income                   428,693         383,686         423,251           379,875

                                                        3,180,875         612,075      3,175,433            608,264

           Financial liabilities

                                                            Carrying amount                    Fair value
                                                             2021           2020            2021           2020
                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

           Convertible bonds                            3,742,996                –     3,742,996                  –

           Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, time deposits with
           original maturity of over three months when acquired, trade and bills receivables, trade and bills
           payables, other financial assets, deposits and other receivables, financial liabilities included in other
           payables and accruals and dividends payable approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to
           the short-term maturities of these instruments.

           The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the
           instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a
           forced or liquidation sale.

           The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

           The fair values of the non-current portion of lease liabilities have been calculated by discounting
           the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms,
           credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s own
           non-performance risk for lease liabilities as at 31 December 2021 were assessed to be insignificant.
           The fair value of the liability portion of the convertible bonds is estimated by discounting the
           expected future cash flows using an equivalent market interest rate for a similar convertible bond
           with consideration of the Group’s own non-performance risk.

           The Group held bills receivable within a business model whose objective is achieved by both
           collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets. Bills receivable are measured at
           fair value through other comprehensive income. The Group has estimated the fair value of bills
           receivable by using a discounted cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of
           instruments with similar terms and risks.




114   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




34. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     The fair value of unlisted equity investments designated at fair value through profit or loss has
     been estimated at the most recent transaction price which equals to the original cost amounting to
     RMB394,967,000.

     The Group invests in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, which represent wealth
     management products issued by banks. The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted
     investments by using a discounted cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of
     instruments with similar terms and risks.

     Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments
     together with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as at 31 December 2021 and 2020:

                                                                                                             Sensitivity of
                                        Valuation            Significant                                     fair value to
                                        technique            unobservable input        Range                 the input

     Bills receivable held both to      Discounted           Discount rate             4.13% to 4.57%        5%
       collect cash flows and to sell     cash flow method     per annum                 (2020: 4.13% to      (2020: 5%) increase/
                                                                                         4.57%)               decrease in discount
                                                                                                              would result in
                                                                                                              decrease/increase in
                                                                                                              fair value by 0.5%
                                                                                                              (2020: 0.5%)

     Fair value hierarchy

     The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial
     instruments:

     Assets measured at fair value:

                                                                             Fair value measurement using
                                                                Quoted
                                                                 prices           Significant  Significant
                                                              in active           observable unobservable
                                                               markets                 inputs       inputs
                                                              (Level 1)             (Level 2)    (Level 3)                Total
                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000      RMB’000                RMB’000

     As at 31 December 2021
     Financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss                                                  –          2,357,215          394,967          2,752,182
     Bills receivable                                                  –                  –          423,251            423,251

     As at 31 December 2020
     Financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss                                                  –            228,389                –             228,389
     Bills receivable                                                  –                  –          379,875             379,875




                                                                                                           2021 ANNUAL REPORT        115
      Notes to the Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      34. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

           Liabilities measured at fair value:

                                                                          Fair value measurement using
                                                             Quoted
                                                              prices        Significant  Significant
                                                           in active        observable unobservable
                                                            markets              inputs       inputs
                                                           (Level 1)          (Level 2)    (Level 3)        Total
                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000

           As at 31 December 2021
           Convertible bonds – embedded
             derivative instruments                                  –               –       131,665      131,665

           The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 31 December 2020.

           During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2
           and no transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2020: Nil).

           Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed:

                                                                          Fair value measurement using
                                                                Quoted
                                                                 prices     Significant  Significant
                                                              in active     observable unobservable
                                                               markets           inputs       inputs
                                                              (Level 1)       (Level 2)    (Level 3)         Total
                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000

           As at 31 December 2021
           Convertible bonds – debt component                        –               –     3,611,331     3,611,331

           The Group did not have any financial liabilities for which fair values are disclosed as at 31
           December 2020.




116   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

     The Group’s principal financial instruments mainly include cash and cash equivalents, time deposits
     with original maturity of over three months when acquired, financial assets at fair value through
     profit or loss and other financial assets. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise
     finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such
     as trade receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its operations.

     The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are foreign currency risk, credit risk
     and liquidity risk. Generally, the Group introduces conservative strategies on its risk management.
     To keep the Group’s exposure to these risks to a minimum, the Group has not used any derivatives
     and other instruments for hedging purposes. The Group does not hold or issue derivative financial
     instruments for trading purposes. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing
     each of these risks and they are summarised below:

     (a)   Foreign currency risk

           Foreign currency risk is the risk of loss resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange
           rates. The Group’s businesses are located in Mainland China and nearly all transactions are
           conducted in RMB. As nearly all of the assets and liabilities of subsidiaries in Mainland China
           were denominated in RMB, these subsidiaries were not subject to significant foreign currency
           risk. As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s assets and liabilities denominated in currencies
           other than RMB were mainly held by the Company and certain subsidiaries incorporated
           outside Mainland China which had currencies other than RMB as their functional currencies.
           The Company and those subsidiaries incorporated outside Mainland China also held bank
           balances denominated in currencies other than their functional currencies, from which foreign
           currency exposures arise.

           The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a
           reasonably possible change in foreign currency exchange rates, with all other variables held
           constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (due to changes in the fair values of monetary assets
           and liabilities) and the Group’s equity.

                                                              Increase/
                                                            (decrease)         Increase/         Increase/
                                                                 in rate     (decrease)        (decrease)
                                                             of foreign          in profit         in profit
                                                               currency       before tax      for the year
                                                                      %        RMB’000           RMB’000

           2021
           If the RMB weakens against
              the United States dollar                                5           8,817             7,494
           If the RMB strengthens against
              the United States dollar                               (5)         (8,817)           (7,494)

           2020
           If the RMB weakens against
              the United States dollar                                5           4,320             3,672
           If the RMB strengthens against
              the United States dollar                               (5)         (4,320)           (3,672)




                                                                                       2021 ANNUAL REPORT      117
      Notes to the Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

           (b)   Credit risk

                 The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, time deposits with original maturity
                 of over three months when acquired, other financial assets, financial assets at fair value
                 through profit or loss, trade receivables and other receivables represent the Group’s maximum
                 exposure equal to credit risk in relation to financial assets.

                 The Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with cash and cash
                 equivalents, time deposits with original maturity of over three months when acquired,
                 other financial assets and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss since they
                 are substantially held in reputable state-owned banks and other medium or large-sized
                 listed banks. Management does not expect that there will be any significant losses from
                 non-performance by these counterparties.

                 The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy customers with no requirement for
                 collateral. It is the Group’s policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are
                 subject to credit verification procedures.

                 In order to minimise the credit risk, the Group reviews the recoverable amount of each
                 individual trade receivable periodically and management also has monitoring procedures
                 to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue receivables. In this regard, the
                 directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.

                 The Group measures the loss allowance for bills receivable at an amount equal to lifetime
                 ECLs. Based on past experience and forward-looking information, the directors of the Company
                 are of the opinion that there is no significant credit risk associated with bills receivable and
                 no credit loss allowance is necessary since the counterparties are substantially reputable
                 state-owned banks and other medium or large-sized listed banks with no history of default.

                 The Group measures the loss allowance for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime
                 ECLs, which is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss
                 experiences do not indicate significantly different loss patterns for different segments, the
                 loss allowance based on the past due status is not further distinguished between the Group’s
                 different customer bases.

                 The Group also expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with amounts due
                 from related parties and other receivables since counterparties to these financial assets have
                 no history of default.

                 For other financial assets, amounts due from related parties and other receivables, impairment
                 is measured at 12-month expected credit losses as there has been no significant increase in
                 credit risk since initial recognition.




118   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

     (c)   Liquidity risk

           The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool.
           This tool considers both the maturity of its financial instruments and financial assets (e.g.,
           trade and bills receivables) and projected cash flows from operations.

           The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period,
           based on contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

                                                                      2021
                                          Within 3
                                         months or      3 months     1 year to       Over 5
                                        on demand       to 1 year     5 years         years         Total
                                         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

           Lease liabilities                 2,976       10,143        42,212        44,739       100,070
           Financial liabilities
             included in other
             payables and accruals      2,133,486              –             –            –     2,133,486
           Trade and bills
             payables                     247,069            205        1,056             –       248,330
           Convertible bonds                    –              –    3,877,020             –     3,877,020

                                        2,383,531        10,348     3,920,288        44,739     6,358,906

                                                                      2020
                                           Within 3
                                         months or     3 months       1 year to      Over 5
                                        on demand       to 1 year      5 years        years        Total
                                         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000

           Lease liabilities                 2,418         8,621       34,875        46,835        92,749
           Financial liabilities
             included in other
             payables and accruals      1,907,361              –             –            –     1,907,361
           Trade and bills payables       124,382              –             –            –       124,382

                                        2,034,161          8,621       34,875        46,835     2,124,492




                                                                                      2021 ANNUAL REPORT      119
      Notes to the Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

           (d)   Capital management

                 The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability
                 to continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its
                 business and maximise shareholders’ value.

                 The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in
                 economic conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the
                 dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. The
                 Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. No changes were made
                 in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the reporting period.

                 The Group monitors capital using a debt-to-asset ratio which is total liabilities divided by total
                 assets. The debt-to-asset ratios as at the end of the reporting periods were as follows:

                                                                                      2021                2020
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000

                 Total liabilities                                               7,131,326            2,916,462
                 Total assets                                                   27,160,171           20,792,060
                 Debt-to-asset ratio                                                  26%                  14%

      36. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

           As at 31 December 2021, the Group and the Company were not involved in any material legal,
           arbitration or administrative proceedings that, if adversely determined, the Group and the Company
           expect would materially adversely affect their financial position or results of operations.




120   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
31 December 2021




37. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

     Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting
     period is as follows:

                                                             Note            2021            2020
                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000

     NON-CURRENT ASSETS
     Investments in subsidiaries                                           134,062          68,590
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                 129,563          28,389
     Amounts due from subsidiaries                                      16,573,629      11,450,454

     Total non-current assets                                           16,837,254      11,547,433

     CURRENT ASSETS
     Amounts due from subsidiaries                                         239,218         104,531
     Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                           830           3,930
     Cash and bank balances                                                    169       1,866,030

     Total current assets                                                  240,217       1,974,491

     CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Other payables and accruals                                            81,456          72,022

     Total current liabilities                                              81,456          72,022

     NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                    158,761       1,902,469

     TOTAL ASSETS LESS
       CURRENT LIABILITIES                                              16,996,015      13,449,902

     NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Convertible bonds                                                   3,742,996                –
     Amounts due to subsidiaries                                            60,005                –

     Total non-current liabilities                                       3,803,001                –

     NET ASSETS                                                         13,193,014      13,449,902

     EQUITY
     Share capital                                                              52              52
     Treasure shares                                                       (57,969)              –
     Reserves                                                 (a)       13,250,931      13,449,850

     Total equity                                                       13,193,104      13,449,902




                                                                                 2021 ANNUAL REPORT     121
      Notes to the Financial Statements
      31 December 2021




      37. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

           Note:

           (a)     A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:

                                                                                                                 Retained
                                                                                Share           Exchange          profits/
                                                               Share           option         fluctuation    (accumulated
                                                            premium           reserve             reserve         losses)              Total
                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000

                   At 1 January 2020                    10,836,794                     –        240,111            (10,162)      11,066,743
                   Profit for the year                           –                     –              –            113,138          113,138
                   Exchange differences related
                     to foreign operations                          –                  –       (970,593)                   –        (970,593)

                   Total comprehensive
                     income for the year                            –                  –       (970,593)           113,138          (857,455)
                   Issue of shares by
                     private placement                   3,181,517                   –                   –                 –      3,181,517
                   Share-based payments                          –              68,590                   –                 –         68,590
                   Share issue expenses                     (9,545)                  –                   –                 –         (9,545)
                   Dividends declared                            –                   –                   –                 –              –

                   At 31 December 2020                  14,008,766              68,590         (730,482)           102,976       13,449,850

                   At 1 January 2021                    14,008,766              68,590         (730,482)           102,976       13,449,850
                   Profit for the year                           –                   –                –            406,211          406,211
                   Exchange differences related
                     to foreign operations                          –                  –       (304,847)                   –        (304,847)

                   Total comprehensive
                     income for the year                            –                  –       (304,847)           406,211           101,364
                   Issue of shares by
                     private placement                       15,111                  –                   –              –             15,111
                   Share-based payments                           –             65,472                   –              –             65,472
                   Dividends declared                             –                  –                   –       (380,866)          (380,866)

                   At 31 December 2021                  14,023,877            134,062        (1,035,329)           128,321       13,250,931



           The Company may pay dividends out of its share premium account and retained earnings.

           A s a t 31 D e c e m b e r 2021, t h e C o m p a n y h a d d i s t r i b u t a b l e r e s e r v e s f o r s h a r e p r e m i u m o f
           RMB14,023,877,000 (2020: RMB14,008,766,000).

      38. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

           The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 29
           March 2022.




122   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Definitions


In this annual report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the meanings
set out below.

“AGM”                       the annual general meeting of the Company proposed to be held on
                            Wednesday, June 1, 2022

“Apex Medical”              APEX MEDICAL COMPANY LTD., a company incorporated in the BVI as a
                            limited liability company and wholly-owned by Mr. Cen Junda

“Articles of Association”   the articles of association of the Company (as amended from time to time),
                            conditionally adopted on May 27, 2019

“associate”                 has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Audit Committee”           the audit committee of the Board

“Bcr-Abl TKI”               BCR-ABL protein tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI)

“BD”                        business development

“Blossom Bioscience”        Blossom Bioscience, Ltd.

“Board”                     the board of Directors of the Company

“Board Diversity Policy”    the Board Diversity Policy of the Company adopted on November 26, 2018

“BVI”                       the British Virgin Islands

“Changzhou Hengbang”        Changzhou Hengbang Pharmaceutical Company Limited* (常州恒邦藥業有限
                            公司), a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a wholly-
                            owned subsidiary of the Company

“China” or “the PRC”        the People’s Republic of China

“close associate”           has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“CNS”                       central nervous system

“Code Provisions”           provisions under Corporate Governance Code

“Company” or “our           Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company Limited, a company incorporated in
  Company”                  the Cayman Islands with limited liability, its shares are listed and traded on
                            the Main Board of the Stock Exchange

“connected person”          has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“connected transaction”     has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Controlling                has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules and, unless the
  Shareholder(s)”           context otherwise requires, refers to Stellar Infinity, Sunrise Investment and
                            Ms. Zhong Huijuan




                                                                                       2021 ANNUAL REPORT    123
      Definitions


      “Convertible Bonds”       On January 22, 2021, the Company completed the issuance of US$600 million
                                of zero-coupon convertible bonds due in 2026 to professional investors (has
                                the meaning given to it in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571)
                                and the Securities and Futures (Professional Investors) Rules (Cap. 571D)),
                                which are listed and traded on the Stock Exchange with bond code of 40546

      “core connected person”   has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

      “Cormorant Asset          Cormorant Asset Management
        Management”

      “Corporate Governance     the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules
        Code”

      “Director(s)”             the director(s) of the Company

      “Director Nomination      the Director Nomination Policy of the Company adopted on November 26,
        Policy”                 2018

      “EGFR-TKI”                epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI)

      “ESG”                     environmental, social and governance

      “ESG Committee”           the environmental, social and governance committee of the Board

      “Fortune Peak”            Fortune Peak (HS) Company Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with
                                limited liability and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

      “GMP”                     Good Manufacturing Practice

      “Group”, “our Group”,     the Company and its subsidiaries and, in respect of the period before the
        “we” or “us”            Company became the holding company of our present subsidiaries, the
                                businesses operated by such subsidiaries or their predecessors (as the case
                                may be)

      “Shanghai Hansoh”         Shanghai Hansoh Biomedical Co. , Ltd.* (上海翰森生物醫藥科技有限公司),
                                a company incorporated in the PRC and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                Company

      “Hansoh International”    Hansoh Pharma International Limited (翰森製藥國際有限公司), a company
                                incorporated in Hong Kong as a limited liability company and a wholly-owned
                                subsidiary of the Company

      “HK$” or “Hong Kong       Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
        dollar(s)” or “cent”

      “Hong Kong” or “HK”       the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

      “Jiangsu Hansoh”          Jiangsu Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.* (江蘇豪森藥業集團有限公
                                司), a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a wholly-
                                owned subsidiary of the Company




124   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Definitions


“Keros”                  Keros Therapeutics, Inc.

“Listing Rules”          the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                         Kong Limited, as amended or supplemented from time to time

“Main Board”             the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock
                         Exchange which is independent from and operated in parallel with the Growth
                         Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange. For the avoidance of doubt, the
                         Main Board excludes the Growth Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange

“Model Code”             the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as
                         set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules

“NHSA”                   the National Healthcare Security Administration of the People’s Republic of
                         China (中華人民共和國國家醫療保障局)

“NMPA”                   the National Medical Products Administration of the People’s Republic of
                         China (中華人民共和國國家藥品監督管理局)

“Nomination Committee”   the nomination committee of the Board

“Non-Competition         a deed of non-competition undertaking dated May 27, 2019 entered into
  Undertaking”           between Controlling Shareholder(s) and the Company

“NRDL”                   the National Reimbursement Drug List for Basic Medical Insurance, Work-
                         Related Injury Insurance and Maternity Insurance Catalogue* (國家基本醫療
                         保險、工傷保險和生育保險藥品目錄) released by the NHSA

“NSCLC”                  non-small cell lung cancer

“Olix”                   Olix Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

“Prospectus”             the prospectus of the Company dated May 31, 2019

“R&D”                    research and development

“Remuneration            the remuneration committee of the Board
  Committee”

“Renminbi” or “RMB”      Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Reporting Period”       the period of 12 months from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021

“RSU Scheme”             the scheme conditionally approved and adopted by the Company on May 27,
                         2019, which has granted restricted share units (“RSUs”) upon completion
                         of the Global Offering, the details of which are set out in the section headed
                         “Statutory and General Information ” in Appendix IV of the Company ’s
                         Prospectus

“SCYNEXIS”               SCYNEXIS, Inc.




                                                                                  2021 ANNUAL REPORT      125
      Definitions


      “SFO”                          the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                     Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

      “Share(s)”                     ordinary share(s) of the Company with nominal value of HK$0.00001 each,
                                     which are listed and traded on the Stock Exchange

      “Shareholder(s)”               holder(s) of Shares

      “Silence Therapeutics”         Silence Therapeutics plc

      “State Council”                the State Council of the People’s Republic of China (中華人民共和國國務院)

      “Stellar Infinity”             Stellar Infinity Company Ltd., a company incorporated in the BVI as a limited
                                     liability company and held as to 100% by Sunrise Investment

      “Stock Exchange”               The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

      “Strategy and                  the strategy and development committee of the Board
        Development
        Committee”

      “subsidiary” or                has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules
        “subsidiaries”

      “Substantial                   has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules
        Shareholder(s)”

      “Sunrise Investment”           Sunrise Investment Advisors Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with
                                     limited liability and held as to 100% by the Sunrise Trust Trustee

      “Sunrise Trust”                Sunrise Trust, a discretionary trust set up by Miss Sun, of which the Sunrise
                                     Trust Trustee acts as the trustee pursuant to a trust deed dated January 28,
                                     2016

      “Sunrise Trust Trustee”        Harmonia Holding Investing (PTC) Limited

      “U.S. FDA”                     the United States Food and Drug Administration

      “%”                            percentage

      * For identification purposes only




126   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
