Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company Limited

翰森製藥集團有限公司
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
Stock Code : 3692




                                                              Annual Report

                                                              2020
Contents
 2   Corporate Overview

 5   Corporate Information

 7   Financial Highlights

 8   Chairlady ’s Statement

 9   Management Discussion and Analysis

17   Corporate Governance Report

27   Directors ’ Report

37   Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management

43   Independent Auditor ’s Report

48   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

49   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

50   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

52   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

53   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

55   Notes to the Financial Statements
    Corporate Overview


    The Company is one of the leading research and development-driven pharmaceutical companies in the
    People’s Republic of China (“PRC” or “China”), devoting itself to meet the unmet clinical needs of patients
    and improve the health and well-being of human beings through continuing innovation.

    The Company has established a leading position in some of the largest and fastest-growing therapeutic
    areas in the PRC with significant unmet clinical needs, including oncology, anti-infectives, central
    nervous system (“CNS”) diseases and diabetes.

    The core driving force of the Company is its focus on innovation. The Company has continuously
    increased its investments in research and development (“R&D”) over the years, established sound
    R&D platforms and mastered a number of proprietary technologies. It has successfully launched and
    developed a series of innovative drugs and first-to-market generic drugs. During the year under review,
    the Company successfully launched 10 new drugs in total in both PRC and overseas, including self-
    developed innovative drugs, Ameile (almonertinib mesylate tablets) and Olanzapine Oral Fast Dissolving
    Films, and 3 first-to-market generic drugs. The Company has newly filed and obtained 18 clinical
    approvals, and filed 23 applications for marketing approvals, including self-developed innovative drugs,
    tenofovir amibufenamide tablet, and an in-licensing innovative biologics inebilizumab.

    The Company attaches great importance to product quality. It has maintained the advanced nature of its
    production quality system through overseas certification, while at the same time constantly expanding the
    business pipeline of its principal businesses. In addition, it continues to introduce advanced management
    concepts and tools to improve the overall operation efficiency of the Group.

    As the innovative drugs are approved for marketing from time to time, the Company devotes efforts to
    improve its professional marketing capability and increase the understanding and knowledge of medical
    professionals regarding the innovative drugs.

    MAIN PRODUCTS

    Oncology drugs:            Ameile (almonertinib mesylate tablets), Hansoh Xinfu (flumatinib mesylate
                               tablets), Pulaile (pemetrexed disodium for injection), Zefei (gemcitabine hydro
                               chloride for injection), Xinwei (imatinib mesylate tablets), Xinmei (decitabine
                               for injection), Xintai (bortezomib for injection), Tanneng (fosaprepitant
                               dimeglumine for injection), Afatinib Dimaleate Tablets and Sunitinib Malate
                               Capsules

    CNS disease drugs:         Oulanning (olanzapine tablets; olanzapine oral fast dissolving films; olanzapine
                               orally disintegrating tablets), Ameining (agomelatine tablets), Ailanning
                               (paliperidone extended-release tablets)

    Anti-infective drug:       Mailingda (morinidazole sodium chloride injection), Zetan (tigecycline
                               for injection), Hengjie (linezolid glucose injection/tablets) and Hengsen
                               (micafungin sodium for injection)

    Others:                    Fulaimei (polyethylene glycol loxenatide for injection), Fulaidi (repaglinide
                               tablets), Fulairui (canagliflozin tablets), Ruibote (rabeprazole sodium enteric-
                               coated tablets), Zexin (apixaban tablets), Ruiyisheng (prucalopride succinate
                               tablets), Empagliflozin Tablets and Saxagliptin Tablets




2   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Overview


In 2013, the Company was first awarded with the State Science and Technology Award (second prize)
(國家科技獎（二等獎）) by the PRC State Council (中國國務院) (the “State Council”). During the same
year, we obtained United States Food and Drug Administration (“U.S. FDA”) certification for our oncology
injectable products, including Zefei, which was approved for sale by the U.S. FDA. We obtained the latest
versions of Chinese Good Manufacturing Practice (藥品生產品質管制規範) (“GMP”) certifications for all
our production lines.

In 2014, the Company was once again awarded with the State Science and Technology Award (second
prize) (國家科技獎（二等獎）) by the State Council. During the same year, our first self-developed
innovative drug Mailingda (morinidazole sodium chloride injection) was approved for sale in China.

In 2017, the Company ranked 22nd among the “Top 100 Pharmaceutical Industrial Enterprises of China”
(2017年中國醫藥工業企業百強) by the China National Pharmaceutical Industry Information Center (中國
醫藥工業信息中心).

In both 2018 and 2019, the Company ranked second for “R&D-driven Pharmaceutical Companies in
China” (中國醫藥研發產品線最佳工業企業) by the China National Pharmaceutical Industry Information
Center (中國醫藥工業信息中心) for two years consecutively.

In May 2019, our self-developed GLP-1 receptor agonist and a long-acting Category 1.1 innovative drug
indicated for the treatment of Type-II diabetes, Fulaimei (polyethylene glycol loxenatide for injection), was
approved for sale in China.

In May 2019, the Company was awarded with the “Green Enterprise Management Award” (2019年度綠色
企業管理獎).

On June 14, 2019 (the “Listing Date”), the shares of the Company were successfully listed (the “Listing”)
on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), creating a
milestone for the Group and laying a solid foundation for our future development.

In August 2019, the Company was named as an enterprise with “Excellence in Performing Social
Responsibilities Among Chinese Pharmaceutical Enterprises” (中國醫藥企業社會責任優秀) by the China
National Pharmaceutical Industry Information Center (中國醫藥工業信息中心).

In November 2019, Hansoh Xinfu (flumatinib mesylate), a Category 1.1 innovative drug self-developed by
the Company, obtained the approval for marketing in China and is indicated for the treatment of chronic
myelogenous leukemia.




                                                                                       2020 Annual Report       3
    Corporate Overview


    In March 2020, Ameile (almonertinib mesylate tablets), a Category 1 innovative drug self-developed by
    the Company, was obtained the marketing approval in China and is indicated for the treatment of patients
    with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with EGFR T790M mutation, who
    have progressed on or after EGFR-TKI therapy.

    In July 2020, the Company’s patent inventions regarding morinidazole and tigecycline were awarded with
    the “Outstanding Award for Patent in the PRC” (中國專利優秀獎) and “Silver Award for Patents in the
    PRC” (中國專利銀獎) by the State Intellectual Property of China (中國知識產權局), respectively.

    In August 2020, the Company was awarded with “R&D-driven Pharmaceutical Companies in China” (中國
    醫藥研發產品線最佳工業企業) by the China National Pharmaceutical Industry Information Center (中國醫
    藥工業信息中心).

    In August 2020, the Company was named as an enterprise with Excellence in Performing Social
    Responsibilities Among Chinese Pharmaceutical Enterprises (中國醫藥企業社會責任優秀) by the China
    National Pharmaceutical Industry Information Center (中國醫藥工業信息中心).

    In October 2020, the Company was awarded with the “Green Supply Chain Management Enterprise
    Award” (綠色供應鏈管理企業) by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of China (中國工業
    和信息化部).

    In November 2020, our “R&D and industrialization project of the National Category 1 innovative drug long
    acting PEG-loxenatide for injection” was awarded with the Honor Award of the China Industrial Award (中
    國工業大獎表彰獎) by China Federation of Industrial Economics (中國工業經濟聯合會).

    In December 2020, almonertinib mesylate tablets, flumatinib mesylate tablets, PEG-loxenatide for
    injection, all being Category 1 innovative drugs of the Company, are included in 2020 National
    Reimbursement Drug List for Basic Medical Insurance, Work-Related Injury Insurance and Maternity
    Insurance Catalogue (國家基本醫療保險、工傷保險和生育保險藥品目錄(2020 年)).

    The website of the Group: http://www.hspharm.com/




4   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Information


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                             AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

Executive Directors                            Miss Sun Yuan (孫遠)
                                               Ms. Li Yan Wing Rita (李昕穎)
Ms. Zhong Huijuan (鍾慧娟)
 (Chairlady and Chief Executive Officer)       STOCK CODE
Mr. Lyu Aifeng (呂愛鋒)
Miss Sun Yuan (孫遠)                             Stock Code: 3692

Non-executive Director                         REGISTERED OFFICE IN THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

Ms. Ma Cuifang (馬翠芳)                           PO Box 309, Ugland House
                                               Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
Independent Non-executive Directors            Cayman Islands

Mr. Lin Guoqiang (林國強)                         PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS AND HEAD
Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉)              OFFICE IN THE PEOPLE ’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA
Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤)
                                               9 Dongjin Road
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                Economic & Technical Development Zone
                                               Lianyungang
Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉) (Chairman)   Jiangsu, 222069
Mr. Lin Guoqiang (林國強)                         The People’s Republic of China
Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤)
                                               PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                               Level 54, Hopewell Centre
Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤) (Chairlady)             183 Queen’s Road East
Ms. Zhong Huijuan (鍾慧娟)                        Hong Kong
Mr. Lin Guoqiang (林國強)
                                               COMPANY ’S WEBSITE
STRATEGY AND DEVELOPMENT COMMITTEE
                                               www.hspharm.com
Ms. Zhong Huijuan (鍾慧娟) (Chairlady)
Mr. Lyu Aifeng (呂愛鋒)                           AUDITOR
Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉)
Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤)                         Ernst & Young
                                               Certified Public Accountants
JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                      22nd Floor, CITIC Tower
                                               1 Tim Mei Avenue
Ms. Zhong Shengli (鍾勝利)                        Hong Kong
Ms. Li Yan Wing Rita (李昕穎)




                                                                              2020 Annual Report   5
    Corporate Information


    HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISOR                        HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND
                                                   TRANSFER OFFICE
    Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton (Hong Kong)
    37/F, Hysan Place                              Tricor Investor Services Limited
    500 Hennessy Road                              Level 54, Hopewell Centre
    Causeway Bay                                   183 Queen’s Road East
    Hong Kong                                      Hong Kong

    COMPLIANCE ADVISOR                             PRINCIPAL BANK

    Guotai Junan Capital Limited                   Lianyungang Branch of the Bank of Communications
    27th Floor, Low Block                          No.45 Huanghe Road
    Grand Millennium Plaza                         Economic & Technical Development Zone
    181 Queen’s Road Central                       Lianyungang
    Hong Kong                                      Jiangsu
                                                   The People’s Republic of China
    CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE
    REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

    Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
    PO Box 1093, Boundary Hall
    Cricket Square
    Grand Cayman, KY1-1102
    Cayman Islands




6   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Financial Highlights


RESULTS

                                         2020        2019         2018         2017         2016
                                      RMB’ 000    RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000

REVENUE                              8,690,234    8,682,746    7,722,278    6,185,537    5,432,960
Cost of sales                         (801,561)    (729,540)    (603,100)    (455,171)    (397,279)

Gross profit                         7,888,673    7,953,206    7,119,178    5,730,366    5,035,681

Other income                           220,637     221,219      77,953      93,230      85,811
Selling and distribution expenses   (3,103,018) (3,266,380) (3,208,680) (2,704,200) (2,378,040)
Administrative expenses               (758,641)   (777,692)   (790,158)   (614,075)   (537,972)
Research and development costs      (1,252,246) (1,120,681)   (881,288)   (575,544)   (403,065)
Other gains/(expenses), net            102,894      (8,747)     (7,680)      3,014       5,274
Finance cost                                 –           –           –           –      (3,411)

PROFIT BEFORE TAX                    3,098,299    3,000,925    2,309,325    1,932,791    1,804,278
Income tax expense                    (529,392)    (444,183)    (406,277)    (337,318)    (328,244)

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                  2,568,907    2,556,742    1,903,048    1,595,473    1,476,034



ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                         2020        2019         2018         2017         2016
                                      RMB’ 000    RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000

Total assets                        20,792,060 19,575,204      8,414,371    5,874,048    4,820,951
Total liabilities                    2,916,462  6,530,882      5,946,473    1,355,358    1,846,613
Total equity                        17,875,598 13,044,322      2,467,898    4,518,690    2,974,338




                                                                              2020 Annual Report      7
    Chairlady’s Statement


    Our Company has been continually committed to innovation and development in fields with unmet clinical
    needs since it was founded. The product portfolio of our Group covers major therapeutic areas such as
    oncology, the central nervous system, anti-infective and diabetes, and our core products have established
    market-leading positions in their respective sub-fields.

    In 2020, the sudden outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic brought significant challenges to the socio-
    economic development. With the timely control of the pandemic by the Chinese government, the
    development of the entire industry gradually resumed in the second half of the year. Our Group
    proactively responded to the impact of the pandemic by facilitating prompt resumption of work and
    production and actively making donations to combat the pandemic. Meanwhile, we continued to increase
    investments in innovation and R&D, and manufacture products in an environmentally-friendly manner.
    With such commitments, our Group has achieved stable business growth, exerted greater efforts in
    business expansion and reaped fruitful results in innovative pipelines.

    In 2020, Ameile, our Company’s innovative drug which is Ameile the third generation EGFR was launched
    successfully and was included in the National Reimbursement Drug List after negotiations along with
    Hansoh Xinfu and Fulaimei. Tenofovir ambufenamide tablet, an innovative drug used for treatment
    of hepatitis B, has been filed New Drug Application (NDA) and was accepted with priority review
    designation. Our Group also stepped up our efforts in in-licensing and acquisition from external parties in
    order to enrich our product pipelines, which laid a solid foundation for the rapid growth of our Company
    in the future.

    Looking ahead, the year 2021 will be the beginning of the sixth “five-year period” of our Group since it
    was founded. We will continue to create excellence in pharmaceuticals, enhance innovation in China,
    serve a vast population of patients with quality pharmaceutical services, and reward our shareholders
    with outstanding sales performance.

    I hereby would like to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, members of the Board, the
    management of our Group, all our staff, as well as our business partners.



    Ms. Zhong Huijuan
    Chairlady and Chief Executive Officer




8   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


INDUSTRY REVIEW

Since the beginning of the year, despite the steep challenges presented to the economy of China brought
by the COVID-19 pandemic, with the strict preventive and control measures implemented by the Chinese
government, resumption of work and production had been orderly commenced. The pandemic situation
across the nation had continued to improve since March and the economy had steadily recovered,
resulting a resilient growth of the major economic indicators. Along with the significant reduction in the
inpatient diagnosis activities during the first half of the year due to the pandemic, the development of the
pharmaceutical market had also been affected. At the same time, due to the tightened preventive and
control measures adopted by the public, coupled with the more stringent infection controls implemented
within hospitals, the hospital operations gradually recovered in the second half of the year. The sustained
implementation of the medical reform policies continued to promote healthy development trends of
the pharmaceutical industry. Consistency evaluation and centralized tendering of drugs across the
nation enhanced the products quality within industry, accelerated the popularity of generic drugs as an
alternative to the branded ones. The annual update of the National Reimbursement Drug List results
became systematic and enabled quick inclusion of a large number of innovative drugs, accelerating
the commercialization of innovative drugs. At the same time, the aging of the population and upgrade
of consumption promote the rigid growth of healthcare needs. Therefore, the growth of pharmaceutical
industry will continue to outperform the trend of macroeconomic.

BUSINESS REVIEW

During the year under review, in respect of our existing advantageous areas, the Company
strengthened academic promotion team, in particular, to launch online academic activities, to
expand new channels for Internet sales, so as to ensure the achievement of sales performance
targets, minimizing the impact of the pandemic to the least possible level. After the launch of
Ameile (almonertinib mesylate tablets), Hansoh Xinfu (flumatinib mesylate tablets) and Fulaimei
(PEG-loxenatide for injection), the Company has continued to strengthen its professional academic
promotion team. The existing clinical data and clinical experience of the Company have been highly
recognized by clinical experts. Meanwhile, the Company cooperated with professional institutions to carry
out post-marketing clinical research programs and accumulate more sufficient clinic-based evidence.
The Company will subsequently organize and optimize the patients’ disease course management. The
three innovative drugs mentioned above are included in the National Reimbursement Drug List after
negotiations in 2020, which is a process accelerating commercialization of innovative drugs. Drug
products including Cefzon (Cefdinir Capsules) and Zexin (apixaban tablets) were selected for the group
purchasing organization, which reflected the Company actively responded to the national medical reform
policy through reducing expenditure and increasing commercial efficiency.

In early 2020, the Company actively donated supplies and funds to affected areas through charitable
organizations after the outbreak of COVID-19, so as to help combat the pandemic. Meanwhile, the
Company took scientific countermeasures to resume work as usual to ensure the progress of each
business segment such as production, R&D and operation. The impact by the pandemic on product
promotion of the Company was under control accordingly.

For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Group recorded revenue of approximately RMB8,690
million during the year under review, representing an increase of approximately 0.1% compared with the
previous year; net profit of approximately RMB2,569 million, representing an increase of approximately
0.5% compared with the previous year; and earnings per share of approximately RMB0.44, representing
a decrease of approximately 6.3% compared with the previous year.

Focusing on innovation is the core driver of the Company’s development. Our R&D entered the
harvest stage as the Company continued to increase its investment in R&D every year. During the year
under review, one innovative drug was approved for marketing, two innovative drugs filed marketing
applications, and other 9 new drugs were approved for marketing in both PRC and overseas.

                                                                                      2020 Annual Report       9
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)

     In March 2020, “almonertinib mesylate tablets” (brand name “Ameile” (阿美樂 ®)), a Category 1 innovative
     drug has been granted drug marketing approval by the National Medical Products Administration of the
     PRC (“NMPA”), and is indicated for treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small
     cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with EGFR T790M mutation, who have progressed on or after EGFR-tyrosine
     kinase inhibitor (TKI) therapy. In the same month, “icatibant injections”, which is indicated for the
     treatment of an acute attack of hereditary angioedema in adults, was approved by the U.S. FDA.

     In May 2020, our Category 1 innovative drugs “HS-10356 tablets” and “HS-10352 tablets” and our
     Category 2 innovative biological drug “HS-20090 injection” were granted clinical trial approval issued
     by the NMPA. Furthermore, “sunitinib malate capsules” has been granted drug marketing approval by
     the NMPA and is indicated for the treatment of (i) inoperable advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC); (ii)
     gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST) that could not be cured by or cannot tolerate imatinib mesylate
     therapy; and (iii) unresectable and metastatic advanced pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors (pNET).

     In June 2020, our Category 1 innovative drug, “HS-10353 capsules”, was granted a clinical trial
     approval issued by the NMPA. In the same month, we have obtained the drug marketing approval from
     the NMPA for (1) “Afatinib Dimaleate Tablets”, which is indicated for (i) patients with locally advanced
     metastatic NSCLC whose tumors have sensitive epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations,
     who have not yet received EGFR-TKI treatment; and (ii) treatment of patients with locally advanced or
     late stage metastatic, squamous NSCLC receiving or progressing after platinum-based chemotherapy;
     (2) “Paliperidone extended-release tablets”, which is indicated for treatment of schizophrenia for adults
     and adolescents aged 12-17 (body weight ≥29 kg); and (3) “Olanzapine Orally Disintegrating Tablets”,
     which is indicated for (i) treatment of schizophrenia; (ii) maintenance treatment for patients with effective
     initial treatment of olanzapine, which can effectively maintain improvement in clinical symptoms; (iii)
     treatment of moderate-to-severe manic episode; and (iv) recurrence prevention of bipolar disorder for
     manic episodes with effective initial treatment of olanzapine. We believe the obtaining of drug marketing
     approval of the above products will further enrich and improve the product pipeline of the Group.

     In July 2020, our “Empagliflozin Tablets” has been granted drug marketing approval by the NMPA.
     The product is a sodium-glucose co-transporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitor indicated as an adjunct to diet and
     exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus, providing a better medical
     option for diabetes patients in China.

     In October 2020, “Saxagliptin Tablets” has been granted drug approval by the NMPA. This product
     is a dipeptidyl peptidase 4, (DPP-4) inhibitor indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve
     glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus. The Company believes that the obtaining of drug
     registration approvals of the above products will further enrich and improve the products pipeline of the
     Group.

     In November 2020, our Category 2.2 innovative drug “Olanzapine Oral Fast Dissolving Films” has
     been granted drug marketing approval by the NMPA. This product is an atypical antipsychotic agent
     indicated for treatment of (1) schizophrenia; (2) manic episodes of bipolar disorder. The obtaining of
     drug marketing approval of the product will further enrich and improve the central nervous system (CNS)
     pipeline of the Group.

     The construction of R&D center and the manufacturing site in Changzhou have been completed and
     put into operation while construction of phase II manufacturing site for biologics has commenced
     successfully.




10   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


REVENUE

We generate substantially all of our revenue from sales of pharmaceutical products. Most of our main
products are in the oncology, CNS diseases, anti-infectives, metabolism and other main therapeutic
areas we strategically target. The proportion of new product sales revenue to the Group’s total revenue
increased from 6.1% in 2019 to approximately 23.7% in 2020.

Oncology products

In respect of oncology products, we primarily focus on drugs for the treatment of solid tumors with high
incidence such as lung cancer and breast cancer, as well as hematological cancer. Our oncology drug
portfolio mainly consists of Ameile (almonertinib mesylate tablets), a Category 1 innovative drug, which
was newly launched in 2020, Hansoh Xinfu (flumatinib mesylate tablets) which was newly launched
in 2019, Pulaile (pemetrexed disodium for injection), Zefei (gemcitabine hydrochloride for injection),
Xinwei (imatinib mesylate tablets), Xinmei (decitabine for injection), Xintai (bortezomib for injection) and
Tanneng (fosaprepitant dimeglumine for injection). For the year ended December 31, 2020, revenue from
our oncology drug portfolio amounted to approximately RMB4,000 million, accounting for approximately
46.0% of our total revenue.

Ameile (almonertinib mesylate tablets) is the first self-developed innovative third-generation EGFR-TKI
originally from China, indicating for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-
small cell lung cancer with EGFR-T790M mutation, who have progressed on or after EGFR-TKI therapy.
In addition to its favorable safety profile, Ameile’s median progression free survival (mPFS) was reported
to be over one year, which is the longest mPFS among same class drugs at the moment. Since its launch,
Ameile has been widely prescribed in clinical practices, bringing new hope to lung cancer patients
in China. Ameile has been included in the Guidelines of Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology for the
treatment of Non-small Cell Lung Cancer in 2020 (《2020 年 CSCO 非小細胞肺癌診療指南》                      ) due to its
efficacy and safety which were highly recognized by clinical experts. Ameile was included in the National
Reimbursement Drug List after negotiations in 2020.

Hansoh Xinfu (flumatinib mesylate tablets) is the second-generation targeting Bcr-Abl TKI, indicating for
the treatment of chronic myelogenous leukemia. Based on the results of existing clinical trials, its efficacy
was reported to be better than that of imatinib. Further, no pleural effusion or cardiotoxicity which
incurred in the use of other second-generation Bcr-Abl TKI and its safety is more favorable. Since its
launch, patients have benefited significantly and growing patient are treated with long-term application.
Hansoh Xinfu is recommended as the first-line treatment for chronic myelogenous leukemia in the
Guidelines for Diagnosis and Treatment of Chronic Myelogenous leukemia in China (2020 edition) (中
國慢性髓性白血病診斷與治療指南(2020 版)). Hansoh Xinfu is included in the National Reimbursement
Drug List after negotiations in 2020.

Pulaile is the first-to-market generic of pemetrexed, which is indicated for the treatment of non-small cell
lung cancer and malignant pleural mesothelioma, and is the first-line chemotherapy. Pulaile obtained
the Japanese Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA) certification in 2016 and obtained
U.S. FDA certification in 2019. Zefei is the first-to-market generic of gemcitabine, which is indicated for
the treatment of middle and late-stage non-small cell lung cancer, breast cancer, and pancreatic cancer,
and is the first-line chemotherapy. In 2013, Zefei obtained U.S. FDA certification. In 2013, Zefei won the
second prize for the Advancement of Science and Technology Award (國家科技進步二等獎). Since its
launch in 2001, Zefei has taken a leading position in the gemcitabine market and increased penetration
into county markets through our professional academic promotion and active expansion of its scope of
clinical application. Xinwei is the first-to-market generic of imatinib, which is indicated for the targeted
treatment of, among others, Philadelphia chromosome-positive chronic myelogenous leukemia,acute
lymphocytic leukemia and gastrointestinal stromal tumors. Unlike chemotherapy, imatinib istypically
prescribed for long-term use. In May 2018, Xinwei became the first imatinib mesylate tablets to pass the
consistency evaluation.




                                                                                       2020 Annual Report       11
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     REVENUE (Continued)

     Anti-infective products

     Our anti-infective drug portfolio mainly consists of, among others, Mailingda (morinidazole sodium
     chloride injection), Zetan (tigecycline for injection), Hengjie (linezolid glucose injection) and Hengsen
     (micafungin sodium for injection). The Company mainly focuses on drug-resistant bacteria products as
     the clinical needs of these products are increasing. Meanwhile, the Company maintains rational drug use
     as the guiding direction for academic activities of anti-infective drugs, to promote the regulated clinical
     use of anti-infective drugs. For the year ended December 31, 2020, revenue from our anti-infective drug
     portfolio amounted to approximately RMB1,794 million, accounting for approximately 20.7% of our total
     revenue.

     Mailingda is our first self-developed innovative drug, and is also the latest generation of nitroimidazole-
     class drug indicated for treatment of pelvic inflammation, gangrenous appendicitis and suppurative
     appendicitis caused by certain bacteria in adults. It has a better safety profile than the previous
     generation of typical drug named ornidazole. Mailingda is recommended in the treatment of intra-
     abdominal infection in the Chinese Guideline for the Diagnosis and Management of Intra-abdominal
     Infection (2019 edition) (中國腹腔感染診治指南(2019 版). In 2017, Mailingda was included in the NRDL
     after negotiation. The agreement with the National Healthcare Security Administration was renewed
     successfully in November 2019 through negotiation.

     CNS disease products

     Our CNS disease drug portfolio mainly consists of, among others, Oulanning (olanzapine tablets;
     olanzapine oral fast dissolving films; olanzapine orally disintegrating tablets) and Ameining (agomelatine
     tablets). For the year ended December 31, 2020, revenue from our CNS disease drug portfolio amounted
     to approximately RMB1,333 million, accounting for approximately 15.3% of our total revenue.

     Oulanning (olanzapine tablets) is the first-to-market generic of olanzapine in China, which is indicated for
     treatment of schizophrenia, mania and bipolar affective disorder, typically prescribed for long-term use.
     After its launch, Oulanning has been widely recognized clinically for its excellent efficacy and quality. In
     comparison with original schizophrenia drugs, olanzapine is indicated for a wider range of indications.
     Olanzapine also has faster control of acute symptoms and the occurrence rate of extrapyramidal reactions
     is either small or insignificant. In 2014, Oulanning won the second prize for the Advancement of Science
     and Technology Award (國家科技進步二等獎). In May 2018, Oulanning became the first olanzapine
     tablets to pass the consistency evaluation.

     Ameining is a first-to-market generic drug of agomelatine tablets and launched in 2014. It is applicable
     to confirmed case of depression and the only generic drug of agomelatine tablets currently approved for
     sale in China. During the year under review, the revenue from Ameining recorded a remarkable growth.




12   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


REVENUE (Continued)

Metabolism and other main therapeutic products, diabetes and main therapeutic products

Our drug portfolio of this segment mainly consists of Fulaimei (PEG-loxenatide for injection), Fulaidi
(repaglinide tablets), Fulairui (canagliflozin tablets), Ruibote (rabeprazole sodium enteric-coated
tablets), Zexin (apixaban tablets) and Ruiyisheng (prucalopride succinate tablets). For the year ended
December 31, 2020, revenue from the drug portfolio in relation to the abovementioned areas amounted
to approximately RMB1,563 million, accounting for approximately 18.0% of our total revenue.

Fulaimei (PEG-loxenatide for injection) is our self-developed innovative diabetes drug. With significant
hypoglycemic efficacy and good safety, it requires only once weekly administration, providing a new
treatment choice to diabetes patients in China. Fulaimei is also the first innovative drug launched
by using our proprietary PEGylation platform technology. Fulaimei was included in the National
Reimbursement Drug List after negotiations in 2020.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

We have one of the largest R&D teams among pharmaceutical companies in China. Our dedicated
professional R&D team consists of over 1,600 researchers at three centres in Shanghai, Lianyungang
and Changzhou respectively. We have several national-level R&D designations, including the National
Technology Center (國家級技術中心), Post-doctoral Research Station (博士後科研工作站) and Key
National Laboratory (國家重點實驗室).

We focus on R&D of innovative products in the fields such as oncology, anti-infectives, CNS diseases
and diabetes. At present, we have more than a hundred research projects, including 4 innovative drugs
entering into the phase II and post-phase II phases of clinical development, and 23 projects which are
for the development of bioequivalency (BE) (including the applications for marketing approval). During
the year under review, the Company has newly filed and obtained 18 clinical approvals, and obtained 10
drugs marketing approvals, out of which are 2 innovative drugs and 3 first-to-market generic drugs. All
generics newly obtaining marketing approval have been deemed passing the consistency evaluation.

Ameile, a self-developed innovative and the first domestic third generation EGFR-TKI developed in the
PRC, has obtained the marketing approval in 2020. It is indicated for treatment of patients with locally
advanced or metastatic NSCLC with T790M mutation, who have progressed after previous EGFR-TKI
therapy. Ameile has demonstrated favourable efficacy and safety, in addition to its efficacy for patients
with brain metastasis. The Company is also actively exploring the development of several new indications
for Ameile. Of which, the first-line treatment for patients with locally advanced or metastatic EGFR-
mutated non-small cell lung cancer (“NSCLC”) in the Phase 3 Study was reached positive top line result
in February 2021. More than three pivotal studies have been approved for clinical studies in 2020.

Tenofovir ambufenamide tablet, a self-developed innovative drug, was filed New Drug Application (NDA)
and was accepted by the NMPA with priority review designation in September 2020. This drug is used for
the treatment of chronic hepatitis B, with improvements in the efficacy while significantly reducing toxic
side effect as compared with its previous generation of drug Tenofovir (TDF).




                                                                                     2020 Annual Report      13
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT (Continued)

     The in-licensing biologics “Inebilizumab Injections”, jointly developed and commercialized in China by
     our Group and Viela Bio, Inc. in China has been filed Biologics License Application (BLA) and accepted
     by the NMPA in October 2020. This product is a new treatment of neuromyelitis optical spectrum
     disorder and was approved by the U.S. FDA in June 2020.

     For the year ended December 31, 2020, R&D expenditure was RMB1,252 million, representing an
     increase of 11.7% as compared with 2019.

     BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

     In addition to investment in R&D internally, the Group also actively sought external innovation through in-
     licensing and acquisition opportunities in order to enrich our product pipelines.

     In April 2020, we collaborated with NiKang Therapeutics to introduce preclinical antiviral infective
     innovative drug project through in-licensing. The project is expected to improve the Company’s presence
     in anti-infective area in Greater China.

     In July 2020, we collaborated with Terns Pharmaceuticals to in-license its pre-clinical high-potency
     allosteric Bcr-Abl inhibitor project through in-licensing. The project is expected to be developed into a
     new generation of drugs for CML and the Company’s presence in oncology area in Greater China will be
     enhanced accordingly.

     At the same time, in order to strengthen the influence of the Company’s products, in July 2020, we
     have entered into a strategic collaboration and license agreement with EQRx, INC. (“EQRx”) to grant an
     exclusive license to permit EQRx to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize Almonertinib
     outside China. With EQRx’s exceptional leadership team and extensive experiences in clinical
     development in the area of oncology therapeutics, it is expected that EQRx is well-positioned to accelerate
     the clinical development of Almonertinib outside of the PRC, and, if approved for marketing, will bring
     Almonertinib to benefit cancer patients around the world.

     LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

     For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Group’s operating activities generated a net cash inflow
     of approximately RMB2,390 million. The capital expenditure for the year was RMB627 million, mainly
     relating to the construction, purchase of additional land, buildings and workshops, and the purchase
     of equipment, motor vehicles and software required for production, R&D and administrative activities.
     The Group’s cash flow of financing activities for the year mainly consisted of the receivables upon the
     placing of new shares of approximately RMB3.172 billion and the payment of RMB4.20 billion for our
     undistributed dividends declared before the Listing.




14   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES (Continued)

The Group’s financial position remains sound. As at December 31, 2020, we had cash and bank
balances of RMB4,285 million (as at December 31, 2019: RMB8,238 million), financial assets at fair
value through profit or loss of RMB200 million (as at December 31, 2019: RMB2,772 million), and other
financial assets of RMB9,233 million (as at December 31, 2019: RMB3,583 million). As at December 31,
2020, our financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and other financial assets primarily comprise
of investments in financial products issued by commercial banks. Our purchase of financial products
after the Listing does not constitute notifiable transactions of the Company under the Rules Governing
the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (“Listing Rules”). As at December 31, 2020, the Group’s
gearing ratio (calculated as total liabilities divided by total assets) was approximately 14.0% (as at
December 31, 2019: 33.4%).

Most of the Group’s assets and liabilities are denominated in Renminbi, United States Dollars and Hong
Kong Dollars. The Group manages its foreign exchange risk by closely monitoring its net foreign exchange
exposure to reduce the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations.

PLEDGE OF GROUP ASSETS

As at December 31, 2020, none of the Group’s assets was subject to any encumbrance, mortgage, lien,
charge or pledge.

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at December 31, 2020, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD

During the year ended December 31, 2020, we did not have any significant investments.

FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

As at December 31, 2020, the Group did not have any plans for material investments and capital assets.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals
of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.




                                                                                       2020 Annual Report       15
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     EMPLOYEES AND EMOLUMENTS POLICY

     As at December 31, 2020, the Group had a total of 11,645 full-time employees, whose remuneration is
     determined based on their performance and experience as well as the prevailing market salary level.

     The staff costs, including remuneration of the directors of the Company, social welfare and other benefits,
     were approximately RMB1,806 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. We also provide regular
     training to employees designed to strengthen staff commitment to us and improve staff knowledge in a
     number of important areas of our services, such as knowledge about the Company and our products as
     well as sales, laws and regulations applicable to our operation, requirements under applicable GMP or
     other certifications, quality control, production safety and corporate culture.

     We have conditionally approved and adopted a scheme for the grant of restricted share units (“RSU
     Scheme”) on May 27, 2019 to recognize contributions by selected participants and give incentives thereto
     in order to retain them for the continual operation and development of the Group and to attract suitable
     personnel for further development of the Group. For details of the RSU Scheme, please refer to the
     prospectus of the Company dated May 31, 2019. As at December 31, 2020, 8,873,900 restricted share
     units had been granted by the Company pursuant to the RSU Scheme.

     PROSPECTS

     In 2020, despite the impact brought by the sudden outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic to the socio-
     economic development of China, the socio-economic activities had resumed as usual with the effective
     management and control measures imposed by the Chinese government, with the society stepping into
     the stage of normalization amid the pandemic. The healthcare awareness among the public had been
     further increased instead due to the pandemic, leading to an increasingly considerable healthcare
     demand in China. The continuous and further implementation of the national medical reform secured the
     new policies address such as the medical insurance system, pharmaceutical management system and
     consistency evaluation of drugs, bringing significant challenges and opportunities to the development
     of the entire pharmaceutical industry. Facing the brand new changes in the policy environment and
     market circumstances, as well as the impact of the pandemic, the Company had actively responded with
     a firm and accelerated pace of innovation, with an aim to achieve comprehensive transformation and
     upgrade. With the approval and inclusion in the drug list under medical insurance of Ameile (almonertinib
     mesylate tablets), Fulaimei (PEG-loxenatide for injection), Hansoh Xinfu (flumatinib mesylate tablets), the
     three Category 1 innovative drugs, the Company’s innovation transformation entered into the harvesting
     stage and its comprehensive competitiveness was further strengthened. With the enhanced innovation
     capability, the Company believes that it will drive the Company’s sustainable, stable and healthy growth
     by further enriching the product portfolio pipeline, maintaining high level of product quality, securing
     stable production and relying on its excellent commercialization capability.




16   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report


Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company Limited (the “Company”) is pleased to present the Corporate
Governance Report. The Company is committed to achieving high standards of governance that properly
protects and promotes the interests of all shareholders and enhances corporate value and accountability.

The Company’s corporate governance practices are based on the principles and code provisions as set
out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing
the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
Exchange”) and the Company has adopted the CG Code as its own code of corporate governance.

The Company has complied with all applicable code provisions as set out in the CG Code during the
year ended December 31, 2020 (the “year under review”), save for code provisions A.2.1 and A.5.1 of
the CG Code as disclosed in this report. The Company will continue to review and monitor its corporate
governance practices to ensure compliance with the CG Code.

A.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     Board of Directors

     The businesses of the Company are managed and conducted by the board (the “Board”) of directors
     (the “Directors”) of the Company. The Board is responsible for leading and controlling the Company
     and its subsidiaries (the “Group”), promoting the success of the Company by guiding and overseeing
     the affairs of the Group, and making decisions objectively in the best interests of the Company.

     The Board will regularly review the contribution required from a Director to perform his/her
     responsibilities to the Group, and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them.
     Each Director should also disclose to the Company in a timely manner for any change, the number
     and nature of offices held in public companies or organizations and other significant commitments.

     To oversee particular aspects of the Company’s affairs, the Board has established three Board
     committees, including the Audit Committee (the “Audit Committee”), the Remuneration Committee
     (the “Remuneration Committee”) and the Strategy and Development Committee (the “Strategy and
     Development Committee”). The Board has delegated to the Board committees the responsibilities as
     set out in their respective terms of reference.

     The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage in respect of liability arising from legal
     action against its Directors, and will conduct annual review on such insurance coverage.

     Board Composition

     As at December 31, 2020, the Board comprised three executive Directors (including the Chairlady
     and Chief Executive Officer), one non-executive Director and three independent non-executive
     Directors.

     Position                                Name

     Executive Director                      Ms. Zhong Huijuan (Chairlady and Chief Executive Officer)
                                             Mr. Lyu Aifeng
                                             Miss Sun Yuan

     Non-executive Director                  Ms. Ma Cuifang

     Independent Non-executive Director      Mr. Lin Guoqiang
                                             Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai
                                             Ms. Yang Dongtao


                                                                                    2020 Annual Report      17
     Corporate Governance Report


     A.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

          Board Composition (Continued)

          The biographical details of Directors and the relations of Board members are set out in the section
          headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management” in this Annual Report.

          Independent Non-executive Directors

          In compliance with Rules 3.10 and 3.10(A) of the Listing Rules, the Company has appointed three
          independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board with one of whom
          possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management
          expertise. The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent
          non-executive Directors in respect of his/her independence in accordance with the independence
          guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all independent
          non-executive Directors are independent.

          Corporate Governance Functions

          The Board is responsible for the following functions:

          •    convening general meetings;

          •    reporting the Board’s work at these meetings;

          •    implementing resolutions passed in these meetings;

          •    determining business and investment plans;

          •    formulating our annual budget and final accounts and formulating our proposals for dividend
               distribution;

          •    suggesting the increase or reduction of registered capital;

          •    developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct and compliance manual, applicable
               to employees and directors;

          •    reviewing the Group’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate
               Governance Report;

          •    reviewing and monitoring the Group’s policies and practices in compliance with legal and
               regulatory requirements;

          •    developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and
               making recommendations to the Board;

          •    reviewing and monitoring training and continuous professional development of Directors and
               senior management; and

          •    performing other authorities, functions and responsibilities in accordance with the Articles of
               Association of the Company (the “Articles”).

          During the year under review, the Board has reviewed the Company’s corporate governance
          policies and practices, training and continuous professional development of its Directors and senior
          management, the Company’s own code of conduct regarding securities transactions of the Company
          by Directors and relevant employees (the “Company Code”), and the Company’s compliance with the
          CG Code.



18   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report


A.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

     Responsibilities of the Board and the Management

     The Board reserves for its decision on all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and
     budgets, internal control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may
     involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment of directors and other significant
     operational matters of the Company. Responsibilities relating to implementing decisions of the
     Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation and management of the Company are
     delegated to the management.

     Chairlady and Chief Executive Officer

     Code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code states that the roles of chairman and chief executive should
     be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. The Company has appointed Ms.
     Zhong Huijuan (“Ms. Zhong”) as both the chairlady and the chief executive officer of the Company.
     Due to the nature and the extent of the Group’s operations and Ms. Zhong’s in-depth knowledge and
     experience in the PRC pharmaceutical industry, the Board considers that the balance of power and
     authority under the present arrangement is not impaired and this structure will enable the Company
     to make and implement decisions promptly and effectively. The Board will continue to review and
     consider splitting the roles of chairlady of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company
     at a time when it is appropriate by taking into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.

     Re-election of Directors

     Code provision A.4.1 of the CG Code stipulates that non-executive Directors shall be appointed for a
     specific term, subject to re-election, whereas code provision A.4.2 states that all directors appointed
     to fill a casual vacancy shall be subject to election by shareholders at the first general meeting
     after appointment and that every director, including those appointed for a specific term, should be
     subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.

     Each of the Directors is engaged on a service contract (for executive Director) for a term of three
     years, an appointment letter (for non-executive Director) for a term of one year or an appointment
     letter (for independent non-executive Director) for a term of three years, commencing from June 14,
     2019 and is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election pursuant to the Articles and the Listing
     Rules.

     In accordance with the Articles, one third of the Directors for the time being shall retire from office
     by rotation at every annual general meeting of the Company provided that every Director (including
     those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every
     three years and any Director appointed by the Board or elected by the shareholders to fill a casual
     vacancy or as an addition to the Board shall hold office until the next general meeting of the
     Company after his/her appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting. During the year
     under review, pursuant to the Articles, all Directors retired and were re-elected in the shareholders’
     annual general meeting held on June 5, 2020 by the Company.

     Training and Continuous Professional Development

     Directors

     Each newly appointed Director receives formal, comprehensive and tailored induction on the first
     occasion of his/her appointment, in order to make sure that he/she has appropriate understanding of
     the business and operations of the Company and is fully aware of his/her duties and responsibilities
     under the Listing Rules and other relevant regulatory requirements.



                                                                                      2020 Annual Report       19
     Corporate Governance Report


     A.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

          Training and Continuous Professional Development (Continued)

          Directors (Continued)

          Directors are encouraged to participate in appropriate continuous professional development to
          develop and refresh their knowledge and skills to ensure that their contribution to the Board
          remains informed and relevant. Internally facilitated briefings for Directors will be arranged and
          reading material on relevant topics will be issued to Directors where appropriate.

          During the year under review, all Directors have been given an presentation and the relevant
          guideline materials, including relevant reading materials in relation to legal and regulatory updates
          for their reference and studying. Internal training sessions were also arranged for the Directors,
          which cover topics including but not limited to connected transactions and the continuing disclosure
          obligations of a listed corporation.

          Directors                                                                              Type(s) of Training Note

          Executive Directors
          Ms. Zhong Huijuan                                                                                      A and B
          Mr. Lyu Aifeng                                                                                         A and B
          Miss Sun Yuan                                                                                          A and B

          Non-executive Director
          Ms. Ma Cuifang                                                                                         A and B

          Independent Non-executive Directors
          Mr. Lin Guoqiang                                                                                       A and B
          Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai                                                                            A and B
          Ms. Yang Dongtao                                                                                       A and B

          Note:

          Types of Training
          A: Attending training sessions, including but not limited to, briefings, seminars, conferences and workshops
          B: Reading relevant news alerts, newspapers, journals, magazines and relevant publications

          Joint Company Secretaries

          The Company Secretaries are responsible for facilitating the Board process, as well as
          communications among the Board members, shareholders and management. Ms. Zhong Shengli,
          together with Ms. Li Yan Wing Rita of Tricor Services Limited, which is an external service provider,
          has been engaged by the Company as its joint company secretaries. The biographical information
          of Ms. Zhong Shengli and Ms. Li Yan Wing Rita are set out in the section headed “Biographical
          Details of Directors and Senior Management” of this Annual Report. Ms. Zhong Shengli and Ms. Li
          Yan Wing Rita have confirmed that they have taken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional
          training during the year under review in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules. The primary
          contact person at the Company is Ms. Zhong Shengli.




20   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report


A.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

     Committees

     The Board has established the following committees: Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee
     and Strategy and Development Committee. The committees operate in accordance with their
     respective terms of reference established by the Board. All Board committees of the Company
     are established with defined written terms of reference. The terms of reference of the Board
     committees are posted on the websites of the Company and of the Stock Exchange and are available
     to shareholders upon request. The majority of the members of each Board committee (except the
     Strategy and Development Committee) are independent non-executive Directors and the list of the
     chairman and members of each Board committee is set out under “Corporate Information” of this
     Annual Report.

     Audit Committee

     The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Chan
     Charles Sheung Wai (chairman of the Audit Committee), Mr. Lin Guoqiang and Ms. Yang Dongtao.

     The major duties and responsibilities of the Audit Committee are set out clearly in its terms of
     reference, which include assisting the Board in reviewing the financial information and reporting
     system, risk management and internal control system, relationship with external auditors, and
     reviewing arrangements that employees of the Company can use, in confidence, to raise concerns
     about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters. The Audit
     Committee also performs the responsibilities as set out in the CG Code.

     The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2020 have
     been reviewed by the Audit Committee and the external auditor. The Audit Committee is of the
     view that the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31,
     2020 comply with the applicable accounting standards and the Listing Rules, and that sufficient
     disclosures have been made.

     According to paragraph C.3.3(e)(i) of the CG Code, the Audit Committee must meet with the
     Company’s auditors at least twice a year. During the year ended December 31, 2020, two meetings
     were held by the Audit Committee to review the consolidated financial statements for the year ended
     December 31, 2019 as well as the effectiveness of the internal audit function of the Company
     and any recommendations on the management and control of internal risks and to review the
     unaudited financial statements for the six months ended June 30, 2020. The Audit Committee held
     a meeting on March 30, 2021 to review the consolidated financial statements for the year ended
     December 31, 2020 as well as the effectiveness of the internal audit function of the Company and
     any recommendations on the management and control of internal risks. All members of the Audit
     Committee attended the meetings in person.

     Remuneration Committee

     The Remuneration Committee consists of three members: two independent non-executive Directors,
     namely, Ms. Yang Dongtao (chairlady of the Remuneration Committee) and Mr. Lin Guoqiang, and
     one executive Director, namely, Ms. Zhong.

     The primary functions of the Remuneration Committee include reviewing and making
     recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors
     and non-executive Directors and senior management, the remuneration policy and structure for
     all Directors and senior management; and establishing transparent procedures for developing
     such remuneration policy and structure to ensure that no Director or any of his/her associates will
     participate in deciding his/her own remuneration.


                                                                                   2020 Annual Report      21
     Corporate Governance Report


     A.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

          Remuneration Committee (Continued)

          During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Remuneration Committee held one meeting to
          consider and recommend to the Board the remuneration and other benefits paid by the Company to
          the Directors and senior management and other related matters. All members of the Remuneration
          Committee attended the meeting in person. The emoluments of Directors are determined by
          reference to the skills, experiences, responsibilities, employment conditions and time commitment
          in the Group’s affairs and performance of each Director as well as salaries paid by comparable
          companies and the prevailing market conditions.

          Strategy and Development Committee

          The Strategy and Development Committee consists of four members: two executive Directors,
          namely, Ms. Zhong (chairlady of the Strategy and Development Committee) and Mr. Lyu Aifeng,
          and two independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai and Ms. Yang
          Dongtao.

          The primary duties of the Strategy and Development Committee include conducting research and
          making suggestions for the medium-to-long-term development strategy and development plans of
          the Company, considering the annual operation plans and investment proposals of the Company, as
          well as conducting research and making suggestions for any expansion to new markets, launch of
          new business and R&D of new products of the Company.

          During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Strategy and Development Committee held one
          meeting to evaluate the development of the Company in 2020 and consider the future development
          strategies and plans, including, without limitation, the discussion about major investments,
          financing, reorganization, and plans for expansion to new markets, launch of new business and
          development of new products. All members of the Strategy and Development Committee attended
          the meeting in person.

          Nomination Committee

          Code provision A.5.1 of the CG Code states that issuers should establish a nomination committee.
          The Company did not establish a nomination committee as the Board considers that, having
          considered the size of the Group, the determination of appointment and removal of Directors is a
          collective decision of the Board. The Board is empowered under the Articles to appoint any person
          as a Director either to fill a casual vacancy on or as an addition to the Board. The Board will select
          and recommend candidates for directorship and senior management having regard to the balance
          of skills, experience and qualifications appropriate to the Group’s business.

          Director Nomination Policy

          The Company has established a director nomination policy which aims to render clear basis and
          procedures for the nomination and appointment of Directors. The Board will take into account
          factors such as character and integrity, qualifications, skills, experience, independence and
          diversity of the candidates, and whether or not the candidate is willing and able to devote adequate
          time to discharge duties as a member of the Board and Board committee upon receipt of the
          proposal of appointment of new Directors or the nomination proposal made by shareholders at
          general meetings of the Company. When Directors are re-elected at general meetings, apart from
          the above standards, the Board will also review the overall contributions and services of retiring
          Directors to the Company and their level of participation and performance in the Board.


22   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report


A.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

     Board Diversity Policy

     The Company has adopted a board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) which sets out
     the objective and approach to achieve and maintain diversity of the Board in order to enhance
     its effectiveness. Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Board seeks to achieve its diversity
     through the consideration of a number of factors when selecting candidates to the Board, including
     but not limited to professional experience, skills, knowledge, gender, age, cultural and education
     background, ethnicity and length of service.

     The Directors have a mix of knowledge and skills of, including, management, strategic development,
     business development, sales, R&D, industry research, investment management, finance, corporate
     finance, risk management, education, chemistry and the pharmaceutical industry. They obtained
     degrees in various areas including chemistry, organic chemistry, biomedical engineering, biomedical
     sciences, management, business administration, commerce, engineering, economics and corporate
     management. The age of Directors ranges from 34 years old to 78 years old.

     The Board is responsible for reviewing its diversity. The Board will continue to monitor the
     implementation of the Board Diversity Policy and review the Board Diversity Policy from time to time
     to ensure its continued effectiveness.

     Attendance of Board Meetings and Committee Meetings
     Under the code provision A.1.1 of the CG Code, board meetings should be held at least four times a
     year at approximately quarterly intervals. During the year under review, the Company has held four
     meetings in compliance with the CG Code.

     Details of the attendance of Directors at the Board meetings, committee meetings and general
     meetings during the year under review are set out below:

     Number of meetings attended/held
                                                                                   Strategy and
                                                          Audit    Remuneration    Development        General
     Directors                             Board      Committee      Committee       Committee        Meeting

     Number of meetings                        4              2               1              1              1

     Executive Directors
     Ms. Zhong Huijuan                         4              –               1              1              1
     Mr. Lyu Aifeng                            4              –               –              1              1
     Miss Sun Yuan                             4              –               –              –              1

     Non-executive Director
     Ms. Ma Cuifang (1)                        3              1               –              –              1

     Independent Non-executive
       Directors
     Mr. Lin Guoqiang                          4              2               1              –              1
     Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai               4              2               –              1              1
     Ms. Yang Dongtao (1)                      4              1               1              1              1

     Note:

     (1)     On June 5, 2020, Ms. Ma Cuifang ceased to be a member of the Audit Committee and Ms. Yang Dongtao
             was appointed as a member of the Audit Committee.



                                                                                        2020 Annual Report       23
     Corporate Governance Report


     A.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

          Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
          The Company has adopted the Company Code on terms no less exacting than the required standard
          set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained in
          Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules. Specific enquiry has been made to all Directors and all of them
          have confirmed that they have complied with the Company Code for the year under review.

          No incident of non-compliance of the Company Code by the employees was noted by the Company.

          Remuneration of Senior Management
          There were 5 employees classified as senior management for the year ended December 31, 2020.
          The remuneration of the senior management by band is set out below:

                                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                                employee(s)

          Below RMB500,000                                                                                 0
          RMB500,000 to RMB1,000,000                                                                       0
          RMB1,000,001 to RMB1,500,000                                                                     0
          Above RMB1,500,000                                                                               5

                                                                                                           5

     B.   ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

          Directors ’ Responsibility in respect of the Financial Statements
          The Board acknowledges its responsibility for preparing the accounts which seek to give a true
          and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and the Group, with necessary supporting
          assumptions or qualifications. The Directors also ensure the timely publication of the financial
          statements of the Company.

          The management provides explanation and information to the Board to enable it to make an
          informed assessment of the financial and other information to be approved.

          The Board endeavors to ensure a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of the Company’s
          position and prospects when the Company presents financial reports and other information to
          general public and regulators pursuant to the Listing Rules and other statutory requirements.

          The Board is not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast
          significant doubt over the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the Board
          continues to prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis.

          The statement of the independent auditors of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on
          the financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditors’ Report on pages 43 to 47.

          Risk Management and Internal Control
          The Company is dedicated to establishing and maintaining a robust internal control system.
          The Company has adopted and implemented risk management policies in various aspects of
          our business operations to address various potential risks in relation to our strategic plan, R&D,
          infrastructure, procurement, manufacturing, distribution and retail. Our risk management system
          also covers general finance management, human resources, information technology, projects,
          logistics, subsidiaries and policy matters.



24   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report


B.   ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

     Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

     The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the risk management and internal control systems and
     reviewing their effectiveness. The systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk
     of failing in achieving our business objectives, and can only provide a reasonable and not absolute
     assurance against material misstatement or loss.

     The Company has established a three-layer organizational framework (business departments,
     functional departments and internal control and audit department) to identify, analyze, categorize,
     control, and monitor various risks relating to our strategy, operation, market development, financial
     matters, legal matters, investment and financing, information security, anti-bribery and anti-money
     laundering.

     Please refer to “Business-Production and Quality Control-Risk Management” in the Company’s
     prospectus dated May 31, 2019 for details of risk management policies. For risk identified, the
     Company implements internal controls and continually amends related processes to mitigate
     potential risk.

     The Directors have conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of the risk management and
     internal control system of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2020, covering all major
     functions including finance, operation and compliance. Based on the review results, the Directors
     are of the opinion that the system is effective and sufficient.

     The Company has also adopted an information disclosure policy which has set out comprehensive
     guidelines in respect of handling and dissemination of inside information. The Board has established
     an inside information team entrusted with the responsibility for monitoring and implementing the
     procedural requirements in the information disclosure policy. Release of inside information shall be
     led by the Board. Unless duly authorized, all staff members of the Company shall not disseminate
     inside information relating to the Group to any external parties and shall not respond to false media
     report or market speculation which may materially affect the trading price or volume of the shares.

     Auditors ’ Remuneration

     During the year under review, the remuneration paid to the external auditor of the Group, being
     Ernst & Young, is set out as follows:

                                                                                         Fee paid/payable
                                                                                              for the year
                                                                                               (RMB’ 000)

     Service category
       Audit services                                                                               3,079
       Non-audit services                                                                             681

     Total                                                                                          3,760




                                                                                     2020 Annual Report      25
     Corporate Governance Report


     C.   COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS

          The Company has adopted the shareholder communication policy with an aim to ensure that the
          shareholders of the Company and as and when appropriate, the general investors to have timely
          access to the same and readily comprehensible comprehensive information about the Company.

          The Company conveys the information to the shareholders and investors mainly through the
          following channels:

          •    the website of the Stock Exchange on which the information disclosed to the market and
               submitted to the Stock Exchange is published;

          •    the website of the Company (www.hspharm.com);

          •    the interim reports and annual reports; and

          •    the annual general meeting and other general meetings.

          To facilitate the exchange of views between the shareholders and the Board, the Board members
          (or their delegates (if applicable)), appropriate executive management personnels and the external
          auditor will attend the annual general meeting and answer the questions raised by the shareholders.

          Rights of Shareholders

          Pursuant to Article 12.3 of the Articles, any two or more members holding not less than one-tenth
          of the paid-up capital of the Company and carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the
          Company, or any one member which is a recognized clearing house (or its nominee(s)) shall be
          entitled to require the convening of a general meeting with a written requisition deposited at the
          principal office of the Company in Hong Kong and specifying the objects of the meeting and signed
          by the requisitionist. If the Board does not within 21 days from the date of deposit of the requisition
          proceed duly to convene the meeting to be held within a further 21 days, the requisitionist(s)
          themselves or any of them representing more than one-half of the total voting rights of all of them,
          may convene the general meeting in the same manner, as nearly as possible, as that in which
          meetings may be convened by the Board provided that any meeting so convened shall not be held
          after the expiration of three months from the date of deposit of the requisition.

          Shareholders may also contact the Investor Relations Department of the Company from time to
          time to understand the information published by the Company. The Company will inform the
          shareholders of the designated e-mail address and enquiry hotline of the Company so that they can
          make any inquiries of the Company.

          Enquiry to the Board

          Enquiry may be made to the Board at the principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong
          at Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong.

          The Company publishes on its website (www.hspharm.com) the latest company news relating to the
          Group on a regular basis. The public is welcome to provide opinions and make inquiries through the
          Company’s website.

          Amendments to the Constitutional Documents

          No changes have been made to the Articles by the Company during the year under review. The
          latest version of Articles are also available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

26   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Directors’ Report


The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company Limited
(the “Company”) is pleased to submit this report and audited consolidated financial statements of the
Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended December 31, 2020.

PRINCIPAL BUSINESS

The Company is an investment holding company. The Group is principally engaged in the R&D,
production and sales of a series of pharmaceutical products in China. The shares of the Company were
listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on June
14, 2019 (the “Listing Date”).

Operating segment information of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2020 is presented
in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, and a list of principal subsidiaries of the Company,
together with the details of their places of incorporation, principal businesses and shares in issue/
registered capital, is set out in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. There are no changes in
the principal business of the Group during the year.

RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

The operating results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2020 and the financial positions
of the Company and the Group as at the same date are set out on pages 48 to 51 of the consolidated
financial statements.

The Board recommends a final dividend of RMB6.51 cents (equivalent to HK$7.71 cents) per share
for the year ended December 31, 2020 (2019: nil). Subject to the approval of the shareholders at the
forthcoming annual general meeting (“AGM”) of the Company, the proposed final dividend will be payable
on July 5, 2021 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of Company on June
11, 2021.

DIVIDEND POLICY

The Company has adopted a dividend policy pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the Corporate
Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the Listing of
Securities on the Stock Exchange (“Listing Rules”). The Board may declare and pay dividends by way
of cash or by other means that the Board considers appropriate. While deciding on the declaration or
payment of any dividends and the amount of any dividends, the Board will take into account, among
other things, the Company’s results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, operating and
capital expenditure requirements, distributable profits, contractual and legal restrictions and other factors
that the Directors may consider relevant.

BUSINESS REVIEW

Details of the business review and performance of the Group during the year (including the description
of the main risks and uncertainties facing the Group, material events affecting the Company that have
occurred since the end of 2020, the key financial performance indicators and prospects) are set out in
the “Chairlady’s Statement” and “Management Discussion and Analysis” sections on pages 8 to 16 of this
Annual Report, which form part of this report.

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

The AGM of the Company will be held on Thursday, June 3, 2021. The notice of AGM will be sent to
shareholders at least 20 clear business days before AGM.



                                                                                       2020 Annual Report       27
     Directors’ Report


     CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

     To determine the right to attend and vote at the AGM, the Company will close the register of members
     between Monday, May 31, 2021 and Thursday, June 3, 2021 (inclusive). To ensure the effect of right
     to attend and vote at the AGM, all shareholders shall return all the documents together with the related
     stocks to the Company’s branch share registrar and transfer office, Tricor Investor Services Limited at
     Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong before 4:30 pm on Friday, May
     28, 2021.

     In order to ascertain the shareholders’ entitlements to the proposed final dividend, the register of
     members of the Company will be closed from Wednesday, June 9, 2021 to Friday, June 11, 2021, both
     days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to qualify for the
     proposed final dividend, all share transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates
     must be lodged for registration with the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar, Tricor Investor
     Services Limited at Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m.
     on Tuesday, June 8, 2021.

     SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION

     According to the audited consolidated financial statements and after reclassification as appropriate, the
     published results, assets, liabilities and net assets of the Group for the past five fiscal years is presented
     on page 7 of this Annual Report. This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial
     statements.

     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

     Details of changes in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in Note
     12 to the consolidated financial statements.

     SHARE CAPITAL

     The Company had 5,918,991,200 ordinary shares in issue as at December 31, 2020. The changes in
     the share capital and share option (if any) of the Company during the year, together with the reasons
     therefor, are set out in Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements.

     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM PLACING

     On April 22, 2020, the Company entered into a placing agreement with Morgan Stanley & Co.
     International plc and Citigroup Global Markets Limited (the “Placing Agents”), pursuant to which the
     Placing Agents agreed to place 130,380,000 ordinary shares in the Company, or, failing which, to
     purchase themselves on a fully underwritten basis to not fewer than six placees who are professional,
     institutional or other investors selected and procured by the Placing Agents and whose ultimate beneficial
     owners are independent third parties (the “Placing”). The Placing price was HK$26.75 per share.

     The net proceeds from the Placing were approximately HK$3,477.20 million, which have been and
     will be used on R&D, including but not limited to our existing and future domestic and overseas drug
     development programs, expanding our R&D team, and investment in technologies to further enhance
     our R&D capabilities and enrich our product pipeline, as disclosed in the announcement of the Company
     dated April 22, 2020. HK$57.67 million was utilized as at December 31, 2020 and HK$3.41953 billion
     remains unutilized. The balance is expected to be fully utilized by 2030.




28   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Directors’ Report


USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE LISTING
The net proceeds from the initial public offering of the shares of the Company in June 2019 and
allotment and issuance of shares pursuant to the full exercise of the over-allotment option in July 2019
amounted to approximately HKD8.798 billion. The proposed use of the net proceeds was disclosed in
the Company’s prospectus dated May 31, 2019. As at December 31, 2020, the net proceeds utilized was
approximately HKD5.539 billion and the remaining net proceeds was approximately HKD3.259 billion.
The Company intends to continue to utilize the remaining net proceeds in the future for the purposes
as set out in the prospectus. As at December 31, 2020, the net proceeds utilized by the Group were as
follows:

                                                                                        Utilized from
                                                                                          the Listing    Unutilized
                                                              Percentage           Net        Date to         as at
                                                              of the total   proceeds      December      December      Expected
Purpose                                                           amount      received      31, 2020      31, 2020     time frame
                                                                             (HKD100        (HKD100       (HKD100
                                                                               million)       million)      million)

R&D programs, expanding our R&D team and investment                  45%        39.59          17.98         21.61     The balance is expected to be
  in technologies                                                                                                        fully utilized by 2025
Manufacturing system to construct new production facilities          25%        21.99          11.01         10.98     The balance is expected to be
  and upgrade existing production facilities                                                                             fully utilized by 2023
Enhancement of sales and academic promotion                          20%        17.60          17.60              0    Not applicable
Working capital and other general purposes                           10%         8.80           8.80              0    Not applicable

Total                                                              100%         87.98          55.39         32.59

For more details, please refer to the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds – Use of
Proceeds” of the prospectus.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHT
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association of the Company (the
“Articles”) or the laws of Cayman Islands (the jurisdiction in which the Company was incorporated) which
would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to existing shareholders.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION
During the year under review, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or
redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities.

TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
The Company has no knowledge of any tax relief and exemption provided to the shareholders due to their
holding of the Company’s securities.

RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year are set out in Notes
27 and 36 to the consolidated financial statements and the consolidated statement of changes in equity,
respectively.

RESERVES AVAILABLE FOR DISTRIBUTION
For details of the reserves available for distribution of the Company as at December 31, 2020, please
refer to the consolidated statement of changes in equity.




                                                                                                                       2020 Annual Report              29
     Directors’ Report


     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

     During the year under review, the sales to the Group’s five largest customers and the purchases from
     the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for less than 30% of the total sales and 30% of the total
     purchases of the year, respectively.

     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

     The business of the Group is subject to national, provincial and local environmental laws and regulations
     in China. The main pollutants generated during our production process include waste water, waste gas
     and solid waste. We have established a pollution control system in order to comply with the applicable
     laws and regulations to adopt compliant and harmless disposal methods for different types of hazardous
     wastes, and to recycle the recyclable waste solvent and entrust units with hazardous waste disposal
     qualifications to burn or recycle other non-recyclable solvent. The environmental sanitation department
     of the plant is entrusted with the uniform disposal of non-hazardous wastes. We seek to reduce, treat and
     recycle the waste generated in our production process and improve our production technique to reduce
     the pollutants we discharge to the environment.

     The Company will publish an “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” in accordance with Rule
     13.91 and the reporting guide contained in Appendix 27 to the Listing Rules no later than 3 months from
     the publication of this Annual Report.

     DONATIONS

     During the year under review, the Group made charitable and other donations in an aggregate amount of
     approximately RMB48.804 million.

     RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS

     The Group recognizes that the interests of stakeholders are vital to the sustainable development of its
     business operation and is committed to maintaining effective communication with the major stakeholders,
     including customers, suppliers and employees to enhance the relationship and cooperation for the long-
     term development of the Group.

     The Group’s customers are pharmaceutical product distributors. According to the industry practice,
     we will not engage our distributors to provide marketing and promotional services for our products.
     Our in-house sales and marketing team enhances professionals’ knowledge and understanding of the
     usage, clinical effects and advantages of our drug products through its promotion efforts. We enter into
     annual distribution agreements with our distributors. We believe this distribution model helps extend
     our coverage in a cost-effective manner while allowing us to retain proper control over our distribution
     network and marketing and promotion process.

     Employees are considered as the most important and valuable assets of the Group. The remuneration
     package for employees generally includes salary and bonuses. The Group conducts periodic performance
     reviews for employees, and their remuneration is performance-based. Employees also receive welfare
     benefits including medical care, housing subsidies, pension, occupational injury insurance and other
     miscellaneous benefits. The Group also provides regular training to employees designed to improve
     staff dedication and increase staff knowledge in a number of important areas of our services, which has
     enhanced the productivity of employees.




30   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Directors’ Report


COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS
As the Group mainly operates in China through its subsidiaries, it is subject to the Chinese laws and
regulations relating to the R&D, production and distribution of pharmaceutical products, including
but not limited to those on the quality, safety, environmental protection, intellectual property, labor
and personnel. Meanwhile, as a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and listed on the Stock
Exchange, the Company is governed by the Company Law of the Cayman Islands, the Listing Rules and
the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”).

During the year ended December 31, 2020, to the best knowledge of the Board, the Group does not have
any incidence of non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations that would have a significant
impact on the Group’s business and operations.

DIRECTORS
The Directors during the year and as at the date of this report were as follows:

Executive Directors:
Ms. Zhong Huijuan (the Chairlady)
Mr. Lyu Aifeng
Miss Sun Yuan

Non-executive Director:
Ms. Ma Cuifang

Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Lin Guoqiang
Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai
Ms. Yang Dongtao

The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive
Directors in respect of his/her independence in accordance with the independence guidelines set out
in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, and the Company is of the view that such independent non-executive
Directors are independent.

BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages 37 to
42 of this Annual Report.

CHANGE IN DIRECTORS ’ INFORMATION
Save as disclosed below, there are no other changes in the Directors’ biographical details which are
required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules:

•    the cessation of appointment as an independent director of Changyou.com Ltd (NASDAQ Stock
     Code: CYOU) in April 2020;

•    the cessation of Ms. Ma Cuifang as a member of the audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) and
     the appointment of Ms. Yang Dongtao as a member of the Audit Committee on June 5, 2020;

•    the appointment of Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai as an independent non-executive director of Sun
     Art Retail Group Limited (Hong Kong Stock Exchange Stock Code: 6808) in January 2021; and

•    the cessation of appointment as an independent non-executive director of Novoray Corporation (江
     蘇聯瑞新材料股份有限公司) (Shanghai Stock Exchange stock code: 688300) in February 2021.




                                                                                   2020 Annual Report     31
     Directors’ Report


     SERVICE CONTRACTS OF DIRECTORS

     None of the Directors has entered into any unexpired service contract which is not determinable by the
     Company or any of its subsidiaries within one year without payment of compensation other than statutory
     compensation.

     DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS IN MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS AS WELL
     AS COMPETING BUSINESS

     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Related Party Transactions” and Note 30 to the “Related Party
     Transactions” of the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report, no contracts of significance
     (as defined in Appendix 16 of the Listing Rules) related to the business of the Company to which
     the Company, its holding companies or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or
     controlling shareholder of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted
     at the end of 2020 or at any time during 2020.

     Save as disclosed in the “Relationship with our Controlling Shareholders – The Associate’s Investee
     Group” section of the prospectus of the Company dated May 31, 2019, none of our Directors or their
     respective associates (as defined under the Listing Rules) has any interest in a business which competes
     or is likely to compete with our Group’s business under Rules 8.10(2)(b) and 8.10(2)(c) of the Listing
     Rules.

     DEED OF NON-COMPETITION

     The controlling shareholders of the Company (i.e., Ms. Zhong Huijuan, Stellar Infinity Company Ltd. and
     Sunrise Investment Advisors Limited) have respectively acknowledged to the Company that they have
     honored the non-competition undertaking made to the Company under the deed of non-competition
     entered into on May 27, 2019 (“Deed of Non-competition”). The independent non-executive Directors
     have reviewed such compliance and confirmed that the above-mentioned parties had kept and duly
     performed all the undertakings under the Deed of Non-competition during the year under review.

     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     Details of related party transactions are set out in Note 30 to the consolidated financial statements.
     Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, none of such related party transactions constitutes a
     connected transaction or continuing connected transaction (as the case may be).

     DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING
     SHARES AND DEBENTURES

     As at December 31, 2020, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the
     Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations
     (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were (i) required to be notified to the Company and
     the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short
     positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or (ii) required to
     be entered into the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or
     (iii) otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities
     Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules
     were as follows:




32   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Directors’ Report


DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING
SHARES AND DEBENTURES (Continued)
1.   Interest in shares or underlying shares of the Company
                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                            Number of shares           percentage of
                                                                               or underlying            shareholding
     Name of Director          Capacity/Nature of interest                            shares                interest (1)

     Ms. Zhong Huijuan (2)     Person with influence over a trust             3,900,000,000                   65.89%
     Miss Sun Yuan (2)         Beneficiary of a trust                         3,900,000,000                   65.89%
     Mr. Lyu Aifeng (3)        Beneficial owner                                     300,000                   0.005%
     Notes:

     (1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 5,918,991,200 issued shares of the Company as at
           December 31, 2020.

     (2)   These ordinary shares in the Company are beneficially owned by Stellar Infinity Company Ltd. (“Stellar
           Infinity”) which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sunrise Investment Advisors Limited (“Sunrise
           Investment”), which in turn is wholly owned by Harmonia Holding Investing (PTC) Limited (the “Sunrise
           Trust Trustee”) as trustee for the Sunrise Trust (the “Sunrise Trust”), a discretionary trust set up by Miss
           Sun Yuan (“Miss Sun”). Ms. Zhong Huijuan (“Ms. Zhong”) is the person who has consent right on key
           matters in respect of the Sunrise Trust under the trust deed in respect of the Sunrise Trust. Accordingly,
           Ms. Zhong and Miss Sun are deemed or taken to be interested in all the shares of the Company which are
           beneficially owned by Stellar Infinity for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

     (3)   These ordinary shares in the Company correspond to Mr. Lyu Aifeng’s entitlement to restricted share units
           subject to vesting conditions.

2.   Interest in shares or underlying shares of associated corporation of the Company
                                                                                        Number of
                                                                                         shares or      Percentage of
                                                                                        underlying       shareholding
                                                                                      shares in the     interest in the
                           Name of associated         Capacity/                         associated          associated
     Name of Director      corporation                Nature of interest               corporation         corporation

     Ms. Zhong Huijuan     Sunrise Investment (1)     Person with influence over               100               100%
                                                        a trust
     Miss Sun Yuan         Sunrise Investment (1)     Beneficiary of a trust                   100               100%
     Notes:

     (1)   Sunrise Investment is wholly owned by the Sunrise Trust Trustee, which is the trustee for the Sunrise
           Trust, a discretionary trust set up by Miss Sun. Ms. Zhong is the person who has consent right on key
           matters in respect of the Sunrise Trust under the trust deed in respect of the Sunrise Trust. Accordingly,
           Ms. Zhong and Miss Sun are deemed or taken to be interested in all the shares which are beneficially
           owned by the Sunrise Trust Trustee for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

     Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2020, so far as is known to the Directors, none of
     the Directors and the chief executives of the Company had or were deemed to have any interest
     or short position in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated
     corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be notified to the
     Company under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be
     kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to the Company and
     the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.



                                                                                               2020 Annual Report          33
     Directors’ Report


     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING
     SHARES

     As at December 31, 2020, the interests or short positions of persons (other than the Directors and chief
     executives of the Company) in the shares or underlying shares of the Company (within the meaning of
     Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV
     of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the
     SFO were as follows:

                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                 Number of shares           percentage of
                                        Capacity/                                   or underlying            shareholding
     Name of shareholder                Nature of interest                                 shares               interest (1)

     Stellar Infinity (2)               Beneficial owner                            3,900,000,000                  65.89%
     Sunrise Investment (2)             Interest in controlled corporation          3,900,000,000                  65.89%
     Sunrise Trust Trustee (2)          Interest in controlled corporation          3,900,000,000                  65.89%
     Apex Medical (3)                   Beneficial owner                              950,000,000                  16.05%
     Mr. Cen Junda (3)                  Interest in controlled corporation            950,000,000                  16.05%

     Notes:

     (1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 5,918,991,200 issued shares of the Company as at December
           31, 2020.

     (2)   Stellar Infinity is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sunrise Investment, which in turn is wholly owned by the Sunrise
           Trust Trustee.

     (3)   Apex Medical Company Ltd. (“Apex Medical”) is wholly-owned by Mr. Cen Junda.

     Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2020, so far as is known to the Directors, no person (not
     being a Director or chief executive of the Company) had or was deemed to have any interest or short
     position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which was required to be notified to the
     Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by
     the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.

     DIRECTORS ’ RIGHT TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

     At no time during the year, were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or
     debentures of the Company granted to any Directors or their respective spouses or minor children,
     or were any such rights exercised by them; nor was the Company, any of its subsidiaries or fellow
     subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire such rights in any other
     corporations.




34   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Directors’ Report


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

In addition to the indemnities provisions as set out in the Articles, Directors’ liability insurance is currently
in place, and was in place during the year, to protect the Directors of the Company against potential costs
and liabilities arising from claims against them.

SUFFICIENT PUBLIC FLOAT

In accordance with Rule 8.08(1)(d) of the Listing Rules, the Stock Exchange has granted the Company a
waiver and accepted a lower public float of 16.21% of the Company’s issued share capital.

During the year under review according to the public information obtainable by the Company and to
the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has maintained the minimum public float to the extent
permitted by the Stock Exchange.

RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT SCHEME

We have conditionally approved and adopted a scheme for the grant of restricted share units (“RSU
Scheme”) on May 27, 2019 to recognize contributions by selected participants and give incentives to
them in order to retain them for the continual operation and development of the Group and to attract
suitable personnel for further development of the Group. For details of the RSU Scheme, please refer to
Appendix IV “Statutory and General Information – D. Post-IPO RSU Scheme” of the prospectus of the
Company dated May 31, 2019.

As at December 31, 2020, pursuant to the RSU Scheme, the Company had granted to directors,
executives and employees of the Group outstanding RSUs representing 8,873,900 Shares, accounting for
approximately 0.15% of the total issued share capital of the Company as at December 31, 2020.

Details of the RSUs granted under the RSU Scheme during the year under review are as follows:

                                             Number of Shares underlying RSUs during the year under review(1)
                                          Outstanding                                                              Outstanding
                                          as at                                                                           as at
                                          January 1,                                                             December 31,
Category                 Grant date (1)   2020                Granted      Exercised     Cancelled        Lapsed         2020

1. Director
   Lyu Aifeng            June 15, 2020    N/A                 300,000             0             0             0       300,000
2. Continuous Contract   April 22, 2020   N/A               8,735,000             0             0       161,100     8,573,900
     Employees

Total:                                    N/A               9,035,000             0             0       161,100     8,873,900

Notes:

(1)      The vesting schedule of the RSUs granted follows either of following: (i) 40% shall vest on the first anniversary
         of the grant date and the remaining 30% and 30% shall vest on the second and third anniversary of the grant
         date, respectively; or (ii) 30% shall vest on the first anniversary of the grant date and the remaining 30% and
         40% shall vest on the second and third anniversary of the grant date, respectively.




                                                                                                     2020 Annual Report           35
     Directors’ Report


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

     Details of the principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the section
     of “Corporate Governance Report” of this Annual Report.

     AUDITOR

     The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020 have been audited by
     Ernst & Young, which will retire at the conclusion of the forthcoming annual general meeting and, being
     eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment. A resolution on the re-appointment of Ernst & Young as the
     auditor of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.




     For and on behalf of the Board
     Ms. Zhong Huijuan (Chairlady and Chief Executive Officer)

     March 30, 2021




36   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
Management

DIRECTORS

Executive Directors

Ms. ZHONG Huijuan (鍾慧娟), aged 60, is the founder of our Group and currently the chairlady, chief
executive officer and an executive Director of our Group. Ms. Zhong was appointed as a Director on
December 2, 2015. Ms. Zhong was appointed as a director of Jiangsu Hansoh in September 1998. Ms.
Zhong is primarily responsible for our Group’s strategic development and planning, overall operations,
sales and decision making, board governance and supervision of key management issues. Ms. Zhong is
the mother of Miss Sun.

Ms. Zhong has approximately 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry in China, with
substantial experience in pharmaceutical enterprise operation and management, as well as extensive
industry knowledge on the development and expansion of our oncology and psychotropic drug portfolio
in their respective therapeutic areas. From September 1994 until the establishment of our Group, Ms.
Zhong served at Lianyungang Drug Administration. Ms. Zhong has been responsible for our Group’s
overall development since its establishment. Under Ms. Zhong’s leadership, our Group has developed into
one of the few R&D-driven Chinese pharmaceutical companies with an established leadership position in
some of the largest and fastest-growing therapeutic areas in China with significant unmet clinical needs.
Our Group was recognized as a “Leading Enterprise in the Internationalization of Pharmaceuticals (製
劑國際化先導型企業)” by the China Chamber Of Commerce For Import & Export Of Medicines & Health
Products (中國醫保商會) and China Pharmaceutical Enterprises Association (中國醫藥企業管理協會) in
2014. Since 2016, our Group has been recognized as a National Enterprise Technology Center (國家級企
業技術中心) and National Intellectual Property Exemplary Enterprise (國家知識產權示範企業). Our Group
has also been continuously recognized as the Top 100 Most Powerful Chinese Pharmaceutical Industrial
Enterprises (中國醫藥工業百強企業) by the China Pharmaceutical Industry Information Center (中國醫藥
工業信息中心).

Ms. Zhong is the vice president of the council of Jiangsu Pharmaceutical Association (江蘇省藥學會) and
a standing supervisor of the China Quality Association for Pharmaceuticals (中國醫藥質量管理協會). Ms.
Zhong was also elected as a representative of the 12th and 13th Jiangsu Provincial People’s Congress (江
蘇省人民代表大會).

Over the years, Ms. Zhong received numerous awards and recognitions for her contributions to both
the pharmaceutical industry and pharmaceutical industrial and commercial enterprises. She received
State Council Special Allowance in February 2013. In December 2013, she also received the “All China
Federation of Industry Commerce Scientific and Technological Progress Award (first prize)” (中華全
國工商業聯合會科技進步獎一等獎). In December 2014, Ms. Zhong received the “State Science and
Technology Award (second prize)” (國家科技進步獎二等獎) from the State Council.

In July 1982, Ms. Zhong obtained her undergraduate degree in chemistry from Jiangsu Normal University
(江蘇師範大學) (formerly known as Xuzhou Normal University (徐州師範學院)) in Xuzhou. She then
obtained her Executive Master of Business Administration (“EMBA”) from Nanjing University (南京大學) in
December 2005.

Mr. LYU Aifeng (呂愛鋒), aged 44, is an executive Director of our Company. Mr. Lyu was appointed as
a Director on March 11, 2016. Mr. Lyu was appointed as director and president of Jiangsu Hansoh in
December 2015. Mr. Lyu is primarily responsible for overall management of the business operations and
the scientific development of our Group, and the operations and management of certain subsidiaries of
our Group.




                                                                                    2020 Annual Report      37
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
     Management

     DIRECTORS (Continued)

     Executive Directors (Continued)

     Mr. Lyu has more than 20 years of technical and management experience in R&D and product quality
     control systems in the pharmaceutical industry. Mr. Lyu joined our Group in July 1998 and has served
     in various positions, including director of product development in August 2001, and director of research
     institution in March 2009. Mr. Lyu was also appointed as president of Jiangsu Hansoh, the general
     manager of Shanghai Hansen Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Hansen”) and the executive director of
     Hansoh (Shanghai) Health Technology Co., Ltd. in December 2015, April 2016 and September 2019,
     respectively.

     Mr. Lyu has obtained numerous awards and recognitions. Mr. Lyu obtained the “State Science and
     Technology Progress Award (second prize)” (國家科技進步獎二等獎) in 2013 and 2014. Mr. Lyu was
     recognized as a “Young Expert with Outstanding Contributions” (有突出貢獻的中青年專家 ) by the
     People’s Government of Jiangsu Province (江蘇省人民政府) in March 2015. He was also chosen for the
     “100 Million Talents Programme” (國家百千萬人才工程) by the PRC Ministry of Human Resources and
     Social Security (中華人民共和國人力資源和社會保障部) in October 2017. He was further selected for the
     “Ten Thousand Talents Programme” (國家萬人計劃) by the PRC Ministry of Science and Technology (中
     華人民共和國科學技術部) in May 2018.

     Mr. Lyu obtained both his bachelor of science degree in chemistry and his master of science degree in
     organic chemistry from Nanjing University (南京大學), in July 1998 and June 2005, respectively. Mr. Lyu
     also obtained his doctorate degree in biomedical engineering from Southeast University (東南大學) in
     Nanjing in June 2015.

     Miss SUN Yuan (孫遠), aged 34, is an executive Director of our Company. Miss Sun was appointed as a
     Director on December 2, 2015. Miss Sun has served as a director of Jiangsu Hansoh from October 2011
     to October 2019. Miss Sun is primarily responsible for providing guidance on research and development
     strategies, business development, investment strategies and the scientific development of our Group,
     which includes monitoring and introducing latest industry development and pharmaceutical technologies
     to the Group and exploring overseas business opportunities. Miss Sun is the daughter of Ms. Zhong.

     Miss Sun has approximately ten years of experience in healthcare investment management and industry
     research. Prior to joining our Group in October 2011, Miss Sun had worked as an analyst at Hony Capital
     since June 2009.

     Miss Sun received her bachelor’s degree in biomedical sciences from Cambridge University in June 2007.

     Non-Executive Directors

     Ms. MA Cuifang (馬翠芳), aged 45, is a non-executive Director of our Company. Ms. Ma was appointed as
     a Director on March 11, 2016.

     Ms. Ma has more than ten years of experience in finance and investment management. Ms. Ma joined
     Hillhouse Capital Management, Ltd. in June 2005, and is currently serving as its partner.

     Ms. Ma obtained her bachelor of science degree from Beijing Normal University (北京師範大學) in July
     1998, and her master of management degree from the Chinese Academy of Sciences (中國科學院) in
     June 2001. Ms. Ma received her Master of Business Administration from the University of Chicago Booth
     School of Business in March 2012.

     Ms. Ma is a Chinese certified public accountant.


38   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
Management

DIRECTORS (Continued)

Independent Non-Executive Directors

Mr. LIN Guoqiang (林國強), aged 78, is an independent non-executive Director of our Company. Mr. Lin
has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director of our Company with effect from May 31,
2019. Mr. Lin is primarily responsible for providing independent opinion and judgment to our Board.

Mr. Lin has more than 50 years of research experience in chemistry. Mr. Lin joined the Shanghai Institute
of Organic Chemistry of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (中國科學院上海有機化學研究所) in 1968.
He was promoted to researcher of such institute in 1990, served as deputy director from 1988 to 1993
and director of such institute from 1993 to 1999. Mr. Lin was a visiting scholar at the Royal Institute
of Technology in Sweden in 1980, and also a visiting scientist at both the University of Pittsburgh and
R&D Department of SmithKline in the U.S. (美國史克藥業研究開發部) in 1986. Since 1992, Mr. Lin has
been the director and executive editor of the publication “Tetrahedron/Tetrahedron Letters” in China and
served as deputy chief editor of “China Science: Chemistry” (《中國科學：化學》          ) from 2008 to 2017. Mr.
Lin was also elected as academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (中國科學院院士) in 2001.

Mr. Lin has received numerous awards, including State Natural Science Awards and Science Progress
Awards. Examples are set out in the table below:

                                                                                     Timing of Granting
Honor/Award                                           Awarding Body                  the Award

Second Prize of State Natural Science Award           State Council                  December 2016
  of 2016

Second Prize of State Scientific and Technological    State Council                  December 2013
  Progress Award of 2013

Third Prize of State Scientific and Technology        State Scientific and           December 1995
  Progress Award of 1995                                Technological Commission

Second Prize of State Scientific and Technology       State Science & Technology     July 1987
  Progress Award of 1987                                Award Judging Panel

Third Prize of State Invention Award of 1987          State Scientific and           January 1987
                                                        Technological Commission

Mr. Lin obtained his bachelor’s degree in organic chemistry from Shanghai University of Science and
Technology (上海科學技術大學) in July 1964, and obtained his master’s degree in organic chemistry from
Shanghai Institute of Organic Chemistry of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (中國科學院上海有機化學研
究所) in July 1968.




                                                                                    2020 Annual Report      39
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
     Management

     DIRECTORS (Continued)

     Independent Non-Executive Directors (Continued)

     Mr. CHAN Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉), aged 67, is an independent non-executive Director of our
     Company. Mr. Chan has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director of our Company
     with effect from May 31, 2019. Mr. Chan is primarily responsible for providing independent opinion and
     judgment to our Board.

     Mr. Chan has more than 40 years of experience in corporate finance, financial regulations and risk
     management. Mr. Chan started his career as an auditor at the Canadian office of Arthur Andersen in
     1977 and was promoted to partnership in 1988. He subsequently joined the China & Hong Kong office of
     Arthur Andersen as an audit partner in 1994. From July 2002 to June 2012, Mr. Chan was a partner of
     the China & Hong Kong office of PricewaterhouseCoopers. Mr. Chan served as a member of the Listing
     Committee of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange from 1998 to 2001 and also as a member of the Election
     Committee for the first Legislative Council of Hong Kong in 1998. From 1996 to 1999, Mr. Chan was a
     council member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He also served as a member
     of the Accounting Standards Committee, Auditing Standards Committee and the chairman of the China
     Technical Committee of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

     Mr. Chan has been an independent non-executive director of SRE Group Limited (Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange Stock Code: 1207), Maoyan Entertainment (Hong Kong Stock Exchange Stock Code: 1896) and
     Sun Art Retail Group Limited (Hong Kong Stock Exchange Stock Code: 6808) since July 2012, January
     2019 and January 2021, respectively, and served as an independent director of Changyou.com Ltd
     (NASDAQ Stock Code: CYOU) from September 2013 to April 2020.

     In May 1977, Mr. Chan obtained a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Manitoba, in
     Canada. He is a member of both the Chartered Accountants of Canada and the Hong Kong Institute of
     Certified Public Accountants.

     Ms. YANG Dongtao (楊東濤), aged 63, is an independent non-executive Director of our Company. Ms.
     Yang has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director of our Company with effect from
     May 31, 2019. Ms. Yang is primarily responsible for providing independent opinion and judgment to our
     Board.

     Ms. Yang has over 30 years of experience in the field of education. She was a lecturer of the Management
     Department of Nanjing University School of Business (南京大學商學院管理學系) from March 1985 to
     March 1992. She then served as associate professor from March 1992 to March 1999 and as professor
     from March 1999 to February 2007 of the Management Department of Nanjing University School
     of Business ( 南京大學商學院管理學系 ). Ms. Yang has been a professor of the Human Resources
     Management Department of Nanjing University School of Business (南京大學商學院人力資源管理系)
     since February 2007. Since May 2016, she has also been the vice president of the Jiangsu Province
     Human Resources Society (江蘇省人力資源學會).

     Ms. Yang is currently an independent non-executive director of Perfect Group Corp., Ltd. ( 倍加潔集團
     股份有限公司) (Shanghai Stock Exchange stock code: 603059) and was an independent non-executive
     director of Novoray Corporation (江蘇聯瑞新材料股份有限公司) (Shanghai Stock Exchange stock code:
     688300) till February 2021.

     Ms. Yang received her bachelor of engineering from Southeast University (東南大學) (formerly known as
     Nanjing Institute of Technology (南京工學院)) in Nanjing in July 1982. She obtained both her master’s
     degree in economics and her doctorate degree in corporate management from Nanjing University (南京大
     學) in February 1992 and December 1998, respectively.


40   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
Management

SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The members of our senior management team and details of each of their experience are as follows:

Mr. WU Gongzheng (吳公正), aged 50, is a senior vice president of our Group and has been appointed
to this position since March 2012. Mr. Wu is primarily responsible for Jiangsu Hansoh’s overall financial
management.

Mr. Wu has more than 20 years of experience in financial management. Mr. Wu joined our Group in
September 1997 as a financial supervisor and was promoted to finance director of Jiangsu Hansoh in
February 2003.

Mr. Wu obtained his bachelor’s degree in statistical economics from Nanjing University of Finance &
Economics (南京財經大學) (formerly known as Nanjing College of Economics (南京經濟學院)) in July
1993. Mr. Wu is currently completing his EMBA program at Nanjing University (南京大學).

Ms. ZHONG Chunhua (鍾春華), aged 46, is a senior vice president of our Group and has been appointed to
this position since January 2013. Ms. Zhong Chunhua is primarily responsible for overseeing production
and human resources management of our Group.

Ms. Zhong Chunhua has 20 years of managerial experience in pharmaceutical manufacturing quality
control and human resources and joined our Group in July 2000. She was appointed as a quality
assurance supervisor in February 2002, and was then promoted to quality assurance manager in August
2004. In March 2009, Ms. Zhong Chunhua was appointed as executive deputy general manager of
the production division of Jiangsu Hansoh and has been responsible for managing the pharmaceutical
production division.

Ms. Zhong Chunhua received her bachelor of pharmaceutical sciences degree from China Pharmaceutical
University (中國藥科大學) (formerly known as Nanjing Medical College (南京醫學院)) in Nanjing in July
2000.

Mr. XU Chuanhe (徐傳合), aged 57, is a senior vice president of our Group and has been appointed to this
position since March 2009. Mr. Xu is primarily responsible for matters related to sales management of
our Group.

Mr. Xu has more than 20 years of experience in pharmaceutical sales management. Mr. Xu joined our
Group in August 1997 and was appointed as deputy general manager of the sales division in October
1997.

Mr. Xu obtained his bachelor of science degree from China Pharmaceutical University (中國藥科大學)
(formerly known as Nanjing Medical College (南京藥學院)) in Nanjing in July 1985 and his EMBA from
Wuhan University (武漢大學) in December 2008.




                                                                                    2020 Annual Report      41
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
     Management

     SENIOR MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     Mr. BAO Rudi (包如迪), aged 57, is a senior vice president of our Group and has been appointed to this
     position since October 2016. Mr. Bao joined our Group in September 2012 as deputy general manager of
     Shanghai Hansen. Mr. Bao is mainly responsible for the management of R&D of innovative drugs and the
     scientific development of our Group.

     Mr. Bao has approximately 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical manufacturing industry,
     including 18 years of experience in management of R&D of drugs. Prior to joining our Group, he was
     a senior researcher at Novartis Pharmaceuticals from October 2002 to December 2006, and a senior
     director at Curis Inc. from December 2006 to July 2012.

     Mr. Bao obtained his bachelor’s degree in medicine from Changwei Medical College (昌濰醫學院) (formerly
     known as Weifang Medical College (濰坊醫學院)) in July 1986 and his master’s degree in medicine from
     Harbin Medical University (哈爾濱醫科大學) in December 1989. He obtained his doctorate degree in
     medicine from Peking Union Medical College (北京協和醫學院) (formerly known as China Union Medical
     College (中國協和醫科大學)) in October 1992.

     Mr. Hu Min (胡旻), aged 44, is a vice president of our Group. Mr. Hu joined our Group in September
     2019 and was appointed as chief financial officer.

     Mr. Hu has years of experience in finance, auditing, consulting and capital markets in the pharmaceutical
     and healthcare industries. Before joining our Group, Mr. Hu served as an audit partner for the
     pharmaceutical and healthcare industries at Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu China. Mr. Hu holds qualifications
     of certified public accountant of China and the United States.

     Mr. Hu obtained his bachelor of economics from Xiamen University in July 1999.

     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

     Ms. ZHONG Shengli (鍾勝利), aged 53, has served as a joint company secretary and a senior vice
     president of our Group since August 2018 and March 2012, respectively.

     Ms. Zhong Shengli joined our Group in July 2010 as investment director and was responsible for
     investment management.

     Before joining our Group, she had more than ten years of work experience in financial institutions. Ms.
     Zhong Shengli joined Ping An Bank in November 1998 and she was serving as a senior manager of Ping
     An Bank when she left in July 2010.

     Ms. Zhong Shengli obtained her bachelor of arts degree from Beijing Foreign Studies University (北京外
     國語大學) (formerly known as Beijing Foreign Studies College (北京外國語學院)) in July 1991.

     Ms. LI Yan Wing Rita (李昕穎) was appointed as a joint company secretary of our Company with effect
     from the Listing Date. Ms. Li is an executive director of Corporate Services of Tricor Services Limited
     and has over 20 years of experience in the corporate secretarial field, providing professional corporate
     secretarial services to listed companies as well as multi-national, private and offshore companies. She is
     currently the company secretary or joint company secretary of several companies listed on the Hong Kong
     Stock Exchange.

     Ms. Li is a chartered secretary, a chartered governance professional and a fellow of both of The Hong
     Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries (“HKICS”) and The Chartered Governance Institute (formerly “The
     Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators”). She is a holder of the Practitioner’s Endorsement
     from HKICS. Ms. Li received her bachelor of arts degree from City University of Hong Kong in November
     1994.



42   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Independent Auditor’s Report




Independent auditor’s report
To the shareholders of Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company Limited
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company
Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 48 to 112, which comprise
the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2020, and the consolidated statement
of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of
changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended 31 December
2020, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting
policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”)
and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the
HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities
for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the
Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and
we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed
in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our
opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our
description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
consolidated financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly,
our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks
of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures,
including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion
on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                       2020 Annual Report       43
     Independent Auditor’s Report


     Key audit matter                                      How our audit addressed the key audit matter
     Expected credit losses on trade receivables
     As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s net               Our procedures in relation to management’s
     trade receivables amounted to approximately           assessment on ECLs of trade receivables
     RMB2,743,774,000, which represented                   included:
     approximately 13% of total assets of the Group.
                                                           –    Obtained an understanding, evaluated
      According to Hong Kong Financial Reporting                the design and tested the operating
      Standard 9 “Financial Instruments” (“HKFRS 9”),           effectiveness of the controls that the Group
      a forward-looking ECL approach was applied by             had implemented to manage and monitor its
      the Group. The measurement of ECLs involves               credit risk;
      significant judgement and assumptions used
      in the ECL approach as the ECLs must reflect         –    Tested the accuracy and completeness
      information about past events, current conditions         of the data used by management to
      and forecasts of future conditions, as well as the        develop the historical loss rates and
      time value of money.                                      evaluated management’s assessment of the
                                                                sufficiency, reliability and relevance of that
      The Group’s disclosures about the ECLs of                 data;
      the trade receivables are included in Note 2.4
      Summary of significant accounting policies,          –    Evaluated the forward-looking adjustments
      Note 3 Significant accounting judgements and              made to reflect current and forecast future
      estimates, Note 16 Trade and bills receivables            economic conditions;
      and Note 31 Financial instruments by category
      to the consolidated financial statements, which      –    Tested, on a sample basis, the ageing
      specifically explain the accounting policies,             profile of the trade receivables as at 31
      management’s judgements and estimates, and the            December 2020 by comparing individual
      overdue receivables and the related provision.            items in the ageing profile with the relevant
                                                                sales agreement, sales invoices and other
                                                                supporting documents; and

                                                           –    Inquired of management for the status
                                                                of each of the material trade receivable
                                                                past due as at the year end and evaluated
                                                                management’s assessment of collectability
                                                                by performing public search of credit profile
                                                                of selected customers, understanding
                                                                on-going business relationship with the
                                                                customers based on trade records, checking
                                                                historical and subsequent settlement
                                                                records and other correspondence with the
                                                                customers.

                                                           We also read and assessed the relevant
                                                           disclosures made in the consolidated financial
                                                           statements, including disclosures of the basis for
                                                           this estimation.




44   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Independent Auditor’s Report


OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises
the information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon. The Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this
auditor’s report.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is
materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit
or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements
that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for
assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related
to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company
either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for
overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR ’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
report that includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose.
We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                     2020 Annual Report      45
     Independent Auditor’s Report


     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain
     professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

     •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
          whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
          obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
          of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
          error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
          override of internal control.

     •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
          that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
          effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

     •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
          estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

     •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
          and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
          or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
          If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
          report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
          inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to
          the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease
          to continue as a going concern.

     •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
          including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
          underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
          business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
          We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain
          solely responsible for our audit opinion.

     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
     timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control
     that we identify during our audit.

     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters
     that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to
     eliminate threats or safeguards applied.




46   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Independent Auditor’s Report


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine
that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so
would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Siu Fung Terence
Ho.



Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong

30 March 2021




                                                                                      2020 Annual Report      47
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
     Year ended 31 December 2020




                                                   Notes       2020          2019
                                                            RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000

     REVENUE                                        5      8,690,234     8,682,746

     Cost of sales                                          (801,561)     (729,540)

     Gross profit                                          7,888,673     7,953,206

     Other income                                   5         220,637       221,219
     Selling and distribution expenses                     (3,103,018)   (3,266,380)
     Administrative expenses                                 (758,641)     (777,692)
     Research and development costs                        (1,252,246)   (1,120,681)
     Other gains/(expenses), net                    5         102,894        (8,747)

     PROFIT BEFORE TAX                              6      3,098,299     3,000,925

     Income tax expense                             9       (529,392)     (444,183)

     PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                   2,568,907     2,556,742

     Attributable to:
       Owners of the parent                                2,568,907     2,556,742

     EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
       ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT        11

     Basic (RMB)                                                 0.44          0.47
     Diluted (RMB)                                               0.44          0.47




48   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Year ended 31 December 2020




                                                               2020                2019
                                                            RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                         2,568,907          2,556,742

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Other comprehensive income that may be
  reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:

Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations   (978,194)            185,286

Net other comprehensive income that may be
  reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods      (978,194)            185,286

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
  INCOME FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                           (978,194)            185,286

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                     1,590,713          2,742,028

Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                      1,590,713          2,742,028




                                                                        2020 Annual Report   49
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     31 December 2020




                                                             Notes        2020        2019
                                                                       RMB’ 000    RMB’ 000

     NON-CURRENT ASSETS
     Property, plant and equipment                            12      2,039,329    1,740,832
     Right-of-use assets                                     13(a)      264,489      187,100
     Intangible assets                                        14          9,893        4,568
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    18         28,389            –
     Prepayments for purchase of property,
       plant and equipment                                            1,163,971     194,706

     Total non-current assets                                         3,506,071    2,127,206

     CURRENT ASSETS
     Inventories                                              15        298,727      414,348
     Trade and bills receivables                              16      3,127,460    2,245,959
     Prepayments, other receivables and other assets          17        142,098      193,772
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    18        200,000    2,772,040
     Other financial assets                                   19      9,232,734    3,583,457
     Cash and bank balances                                   20      4,284,970    8,238,422

     Total current assets                                            17,285,989   17,447,998

     CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Trade and bills payables                                 21        124,382      192,850
     Other payables and accruals                              22      2,347,033    1,762,676
     Contract liabilities                                     23        195,688       40,469
     Lease liabilities                                       13(b)       11,039        3,653
     Tax payable                                                         11,397       40,684
     Dividends payable                                                        –    4,200,000

     Total current liabilities                                        2,689,539    6,240,332

     NET CURRENT ASSETS                                              14,596,450   11,207,666

     TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                           18,102,521   13,334,872

     NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Lease liabilities                                       13(b)      81,710        5,783
     Deferred tax liabilities                                 24       121,810      284,767
     Other non-current liabilities                                      23,403            –

     Total non-current liabilities                                     226,923      290,550

     NET ASSETS                                                      17,875,598   13,044,322




50   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
31 December 2020




                                                  Notes        2020               2019
                                                            RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000

EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                      25             52                 51
Reserves                                           27     17,875,546         13,044,271

                                                          17,875,598         13,044,322

Non-controlling interests                                          –                  –

Total equity                                              17,875,598         13,044,322




Director                                      Director




                                                                       2020 Annual Report   51
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     Year ended 31 December 2020




                                                                                    Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                                      Merger
                                                                                     reserve/         Exchange         Statutory                                           Non-
                                                        Share         Share             other       fluctuation         surplus         Retained                     controlling      Total
                                                       capital    premium*          reserve*           reserve*       reserves*          profits*          Total       interests     equity
                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000

     At 1 January 2019                                       1    1,302,448         (57,100)           70,426          205,000           947,123        2,467,898             –    2,467,898
     Profit for the year                                     –            –               –                 –                –         2,556,742        2,556,742             –    2,556,742
     Exchange differences on
       translation of foreign operations                     –            –                –          185,286                 –                 –        185,286              –     185,286

     Total comprehensive income for the year                 –            –                –          185,286                 –        2,556,742        2,742,028             –    2,742,028
     Issue of shares for the
       Initial Public Offering (“IPO”)                       –    1,682,278                –                 –               –          – 1,682,278                           – 1,682,278
     Capitalisation Issue                                   44          (44)               –                 –               –          –           –                         –          –
     Issue of shares in connection with the IPO              6    7,960,847                –                 –               –          – 7,960,853                           – 7,960,853
     Share issue expenses                                    –     (108,735)               –                 –               –          – (108,735)                           – (108,735)
     Dividends declared                                      –            –                –                 –               – (1,700,000) (1,700,000)                        – (1,700,000)
     Transfer from retained profits                          –            –                –                 –         408,050 (408,050)            –                         –          –

     At 31 December 2019                                    51 10,836,794           (57,100)          255,712          613,050         1,395,815 13,044,322                   – 13,044,322

                                                                               Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                                         Merger
                                                                          Share         reserve/ Exchange Statutory                                                     Non-
                                                Share         Share      option            other fluctuation  surplus                     Retained                controlling         Total
                                       Notes   capital    premium*     reserve*        reserve* reserve* reserves*                         profits*         Total interests          equity
                                             RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                            RMB’000         RMB’000 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                         Note 27(a)                  Note 27(b) Note 27(c) Note 27(d)

     At 1 January 2020                             51 10,836,794               –        (57,100)         255,712         613,050 1,395,815 13,044,322                          – 13,044,322
     Profit for the year                            –          –               –              –                –               – 2,568,907 2,568,907                           – 2,568,907
     Exchange differences on
       translation of foreign
       operations                                    –           –             –                –       (978,194)                  –                –    (978,194)             –   (978,194)

     Total comprehensive
       income for the year                           –           –             –                –       (978,194)                  – 2,568,907 1,590,713                       – 1,590,713
     Issue of shares by private
       placement                       25(a)         1 3,181,517             –                  –                 –            –                – 3,181,518                    – 3,181,518
     Share-based payments               26           –         –        68,590                  –                 –            –                –    68,590                    –    68,590
     Share issue expenses                            –    (9,545)            –                  –                 –            –                –    (9,545)                   –    (9,545)
     Dividends declared                    10        –         –             –                  –                 –            –                –         –                    –         –
     Transfer from retained profits                  –         –             –                  –                 –      233,858         (233,858)        –                    –         –

     At 31 December 2020                           52 14,008,766        68,590          (57,100)        (722,482)        846,908 3,730,864 17,875,598                          – 17,875,598

     *        These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB17,875,546,000 (2019:
              RMB13,044,271,000) in the consolidated statement of financial position.




52   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Year ended 31 December 2020




                                                         Notes       2020                2019
                                                                  RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax:                                               3,098,299           3,000,925

Adjustments for:
Impairment of trade receivables, net                      5          (309)              (1,003)
Impairment of inventories, net                            5         1,850                7,989
Depreciation of items of property, plant and equipment    6       216,350              183,675
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                       6        11,880                5,886
Amortisation of intangible assets                         6         5,044               11,993
Loss on disposal of items of property, plant
  and equipment                                           5             39               1,291
Fair value gains of financial assets at fair value
  through profit or loss                                  5        (87,155)            (23,113)
Investment income                                         5        (71,879)            (25,871)
Interest income from deposits with initial terms of
  over three months when acquired                         5        (47,625)           (123,261)
Interest expense on lease liabilities                     5          1,645                 123
Share-based payments                                      5         68,590                   –

                                                                 3,196,729           3,038,634

(Increase)/decrease in trade and bills receivables               (881,192)             400,251
Increase in prepayments, other receivables and
   other assets                                                   (79,860)              (6,297)
Decrease in inventories                                           113,771               57,327
(Decrease)/increase in trade and bills payables                   (68,468)              34,040
Increase in other payables and accruals                           544,382              342,973
Increase in contract liabilities                                  155,219                4,158

Cash generated from operations                                   2,980,581           3,871,086
Income tax paid                                                   (590,102)           (541,397)

Net cash flows from operating activities                         2,390,479           3,329,689




                                                                              2020 Annual Report   53
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     Year ended 31 December 2020




                                                               Notes       2020          2019
                                                                        RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000

     CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES
     Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and
       equipment                                                            8,071       11,046
     Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment               (1,427,645)    (592,476)
     Purchases of intangible assets                                       (11,605)      (4,814)
     Decrease/(increase) in time deposits with original
       maturity of over three months when acquired                     1,531,604     (2,856,546)
     Increase of financial products included in
       other financial assets                                          (5,740,484)   (3,040,872)
     Decrease/(increase) of financial products included in
       financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           2,545,306      (761,000)
     Interest income received from deposits with initial
       terms of over three months when acquired                           63,247       107,527
     Investment income received from financial products
       included in other financial assets                                 71,879        33,024
     Investment income received from financial products
       included in financial assets at fair value
       through profit or loss                                             85,500        28,512

     Net cash flows used in investing activities                       (2,874,127)   (7,075,599)

     CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     Proceeds from issue of shares prior to the IPO                             –    1,682,278
     Net proceeds from issue of new shares in connection
       with the IPO                                                             –     7,852,118
     Net proceeds from private placement                       25(a)    3,171,973             –
     Dividends paid                                                    (4,200,000)   (1,500,000)
     Principal portion of lease payments                                   (7,601)      (41,668)

     Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities         28     (1,035,628)   7,992,728

     NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH
       EQUIVALENTS                                                     (1,519,276)   4,246,818

     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                    5,344,859       964,831
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                       (762,267)      133,210

     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                          3,063,316     5,344,859

     ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND
       CASH EQUIVALENTS
     Cash and bank balances                                     20     1,514,473     3,411,166
     Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of
       less than three months when acquired                     20     1,548,843     1,933,693

     Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the
       consolidated statement of cash flows                            3,063,316     5,344,859




54   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

     The Company is an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability
     under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands. The registered office of the Company is located at
     the offices of Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-
     1104, Cayman Islands.

     The shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 14 June 2019.

     The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (together, the
     “Group”) were principally engaged in the research and development, production and sale of a series
     of pharmaceutical products in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

     As at the date of this report, the Company has direct and indirect interest in its subsidiaries,
     all of which are private limited liability companies (or if incorporated outside Hong Kong, have
     substantially similar characteristics to a private company incorporated in Hong Kong).

     Particulars of the principal subsidiaries now comprising the Group are set out below:

                                           Place of
                                           incorporation/   Issued ordinary/                     Percentage of equity
                                           registration           registered Date of         attributable to the Company Principal
     Company name                          and operation       share capital incorporation         Direct          Indirect activities

     Jiangsu Hansoh Pharmaceutical         PRC/                    RMB July 1995                       –            100% Pharmaceutical
        Group Co., Ltd.                    Mainland China 1,000,000,000
        (“Jiangsu Hansoh”)

     Jiangsu Hengte                        PRC/                      RMB July 2006                     –            100% Pharmaceutical
        Pharmaceutical Trading Co., Ltd.   Mainland China      10,000,000
        (“Jiangsu Hengte”)

     Shanghai Hansen Biological            PRC/                      RMB October 2011                  –            100% Pharmaceutical
       Medicine Technology                 Mainland China     260,000,000
       Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Hansen”)

     Hansoh Pharma International           Hong Kong               HK$100 December 2015                –            100% Investment
       Limited (“Hansoh International”)                                                                                    holding and
                                                                                                                           trading

     Hansoh (Shanghai) Health              PRC/                      US$ September 2019                –            100% Investment
       Technology Co., Ltd.                Mainland China      90,000,000                                                  holding and
       (“Hansen Health”)                                                                                                   trading

     The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors,
     principally affected the results for the year ended in 31 December 2020 or formed a substantial
     portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of
     the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.




                                                                                                                2020 Annual Report        55
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     December 31, 2020




     2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION

          These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
          Standards (“HKFRSs”) (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong
          Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
          Public Accountants (“HKICPA”), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the
          disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under
          the historical cost convention, except for financial assets at fair value through profit or loss which
          have been measured at fair value. These financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”)
          and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.

          Basis of consolidation

          The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its
          subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2020. A
          subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the
          Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its
          involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
          investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of
          the investee).

          When the Company has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of
          an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has
          power over an investee, including:

          (a)   the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;

          (b)   rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

          (c)   the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

          The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the
          Company, using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from
          the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that
          such control ceases.

          Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners
          of the parent of the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-
          controlling interests having a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income,
          expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in
          full on consolidation.

          The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate
          that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change
          in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity
          transaction.

          If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises (i) the assets (including goodwill)
          and liabilities of the subsidiary, (ii) the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest and (iii)
          the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity; and recognises (i) the fair value of
          the consideration received, (ii) the fair value of any investment retained and (iii) any resulting
          surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously recognised in
          other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on
          the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or
          liabilities.



56   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

     The Group has adopted the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 and the following
     revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current year’s financial statements.

     Amendments to HKFRS 3                      Definition of a Business
     Amendments to HKFRS 9,
      HKAS 39 and HKFRS 7                       Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
     Amendment to HKFRS 16                      Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions (early adopted)
     Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8            Definition of Material

     The nature and the impact of the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 and the
     revised HKFRSs are described below:

     (a)   Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 (the “Conceptual Framework”) sets out
           a comprehensive set of concepts for financial reporting and standard setting, and provides
           guidance for preparers of financial statements in developing consistent accounting policies and
           assistance to all parties to understand and interpret the standards. The Conceptual Framework
           includes new chapters on measurement and reporting financial performance, new guidance
           on the derecognition of assets and liabilities, and updated definitions and recognition criteria
           for assets and liabilities. It also clarifies the roles of stewardship, prudence and measurement
           uncertainty in financial reporting. The Conceptual Framework is not a standard, and none
           of the concepts contained therein override the concepts or requirements in any standard.
           The Conceptual Framework did not have any significant impact on the financial position and
           performance of the Group.

     (b)   Amendments to HKFRS 3 clarify and provide additional guidance on the definition of a
           business. The amendments clarify that for an integrated set of activities and assets to be
           considered a business, it must include, at a minimum, an input and a substantive process
           that together significantly contribute to the ability to create output. A business can exist
           without including all of the inputs and processes needed to create outputs. The amendments
           remove the assessment of whether market participants are capable of acquiring the business
           and continue to produce outputs. Instead, the focus is on whether acquired inputs and
           acquired substantive processes together significantly contribute to the ability to create
           outputs. The amendments have also narrowed the definition of outputs to focus on goods or
           services provided to customers, investment income or other income from ordinary activities.
           Furthermore, the amendments provide guidance to assess whether an acquired process is
           substantive and introduce an optional fair value concentration test to permit a simplified
           assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. The Group
           has applied the amendments prospectively to transactions or other events that occurred on or
           after 1 January 2020. The amendments did not have any impact on the financial position and
           performance of the Group.

     (c)   Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39 and HKFRS 7 address issues affecting financial
           reporting in the period before the replacement of an existing interest rate benchmark with an
           alternative risk-free rate (“RFR”). The amendments provide temporary reliefs which enable
           hedge accounting to continue during the period of uncertainty before the introduction of
           the alternative RFR. In addition, the amendments require companies to provide additional
           information to investors about their hedging relationships which are directly affected by
           these uncertainties. The amendments did not have any impact on the financial position and
           performance of the Group as the Group does not have any interest rate hedging relationships.




                                                                                      2020 Annual Report      57
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     December 31, 2020




     2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (Continued)

          (d)   Amendment to HKFRS 16 provides a practical expedient for lessees to elect not to apply lease
                modification accounting for rent concessions arising as a direct consequence of the covid-19
                pandemic. The practical expedient applies only to rent concessions occurring as a direct
                consequence of the pandemic and only if (i) the change in lease payments results in revised
                consideration for the lease that is substantially the same as, or less than, the consideration for
                the lease immediately preceding the change; (ii) any reduction in lease payments affects only
                payments originally due on or before 30 June 2021; and (iii) there is no substantive change
                to other terms and conditions of the lease. The amendment is effective for annual periods
                beginning on or after 1 June 2020 with earlier application permitted and shall be applied
                retrospectively. The amendment did not have any significant impact on the financial position
                and performance of the Group.

          (e)   Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8 provide a new definition of material. The new definition
                states that information is material if omitting, misstating or obscuring it could reasonably be
                expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements
                make on the basis of those financial statements. The amendments clarify that materiality will
                depend on the nature or magnitude of information, or both. The amendments did not have any
                significant impact on the financial position and performance of the Group.

     2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRSs

          The Group has not applied the following new and revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are
          not yet effective, in these financial statements.

          Amendments to HKFRS 3                        Reference to the Conceptual Framework 2
          Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39,              Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2 1
           HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16
          Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                   Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
           HKAS 28 (2011)                                and its Associate or Joint Venture 4
          HKFRS 17                                     Insurance Contracts 3
          Amendments to HKFRS 17                       Insurance Contracts 3, 6
          Amendments to HKAS 1                         Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current 3, 5
          Amendments to HKAS 16                        Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before
                                                         Intended Use 2
         Amendments to HKAS 37                         Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract 2
         Annual Improvements to HKFRSs                 Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative
           2018-2020                                     Examples accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 412
          1
                Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021
          2
                Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022
          3
                Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
          4
                No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
          5
                As a consequence of the amendments to HKAS 1, Hong Kong Interpretation 5 Presentation of Financial
                Statements – Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause
                was revised in October 2020 to align the corresponding wording with no change in conclusion
          6
                As a consequence of the amendments to HKFRS 17 issued in October 2020, HKFRS 4 was amended to
                extend the temporary exemption that permits insurers to apply HKAS 39 rather than HKFRS 9 for annual
                periods beginning before 1 January 2023

          These new and revised HKFRSs are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s
          financial statements.




58   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     Fair value measurement
     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
     an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value
     measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the
     liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a
     principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the
     most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability
     is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or
     liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.
     A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to
     generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another
     market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.
     The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which
     sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs
     and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.
     All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are
     categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that
     is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:
     Level 1 – based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
     Level 2 – based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
               value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
     Level 3 – based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
               value measurement is unobservable
     For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the
     Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing
     categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a
     whole) at the end of each reporting period.

     Impairment of non-financial assets
     Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is
     required (other than inventories, deferred tax assets and financial assets), the asset’s recoverable
     amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or cash-generating
     unit’s value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual
     asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from
     other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-
     generating unit to which the asset belongs.
     An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable
     amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present
     value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
     money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged to the statement of profit
     or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with the function of
     the impaired asset.
     An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period to whether there is an indication that
     previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an
     indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss
     of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used
     to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying
     amount that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment
     loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited
     to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises.
                                                                                       2020 Annual Report       59
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     December 31, 2020




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Related parties

          A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

          (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

                (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

                (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

          or

          (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

                (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

                (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or
                        fellow subsidiary of the other entity);

                (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

                (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the
                        third entity;

                (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the
                        Group or an entity related to the Group;

                (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

                (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the
                      key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

                (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                       personnel services to the Group or the parent of the Group.




60   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Property, plant and equipment and depreciation

     Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less
     accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and
     equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to
     its working condition and location for its intended use.

     Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation,
     such as repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period
     in which it is incurred. In situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure
     for a major inspection is capitalised in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where
     significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the
     Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them
     accordingly.

     Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property,
     plant and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The estimated useful lives of
     property, plant and equipment are as follows:

     Buildings                                                                                    20 years
     Leasehold improvement                                                                         3 years
     Machinery equipment                                                                          10 years
     Computer and office equipment                                                               3-5 years
     Motor vehicles                                                                                4 years

     Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that
     item is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately.
     Residual values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate,
     at least at the end of each reporting period.

     An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is
     derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or
     disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognised in the statement of profit or loss in
     the year the asset is derecognised is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying
     amount of the relevant asset.

     Construction in progress represents an asset under construction, which is stated at cost less
     any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. Cost comprises the direct costs of construction
     and capitalised borrowing costs on related borrowed funds during the period of construction.
     Construction in progress is reclassified to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment
     when completed and ready for use.




                                                                                      2020 Annual Report       61
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     December 31, 2020




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

          Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of
          intangible assets acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The
          useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with
          finite lives are subsequently amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment
          whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period
          and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at
          each financial year end.

          Intangible assets are amortised on the straight-line basis over the following useful economic lives:

          Software                                                                                        3 years

         Research and development costs

          All research costs are charged to the statement of profit or loss as incurred.

          Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when
          the Group can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will
          be available for use or sale, its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the
          asset will generate future economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete the project
          and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the development. Product development
          expenditure which does not meet these criteria is expensed when incurred.

         Acquired in-process research and development costs

          The Group has acquired rights to develop and commercialise product candidates. Upfront payments
          that relate to the acquisition of a new drug compound, as well as pre-commercial milestone
          payments, are immediately expensed as acquired in-process research and development in the
          period in which they are incurred, provided that the new drug compound did not also include
          processes or activities that would constitute a business, the drug has not achieved regulatory
          approval for marketing and, absent obtaining such approval, has no established alternative future
          use. Milestone payments made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are capitalised
          as intangible assets and amortised over the estimated remaining useful life of the related product.
          Royalties owed on sales of the products licensed pursuant to the agreements are expensed in the
          period the related revenues are recognised.




62   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Leases

     The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is,
     or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a
     period of time in exchange for consideration.

    Group as a lessee

     The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-
     term leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease
     payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

     (a)   Right-of-use assets

           The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e.,
           the date the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at
           cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any
           remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease
           liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the
           commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated
           on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the
           assets, as follows:

           Land use right                                                                        50 years
           Property                                                                            3-12 years

           If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group at the end of the lease term or the
           cost reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated
           useful life of the asset.

     (b)   Lease liabilities

           Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of
           lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments
           (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease
           payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual
           value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option
           reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating of
           a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The
           variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as expenses
           (unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which the event or condition
           that triggers the payment occurs.

           In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing
           rate at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is
           not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is
           increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In
           addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a
           change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to future payments
           resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments) or a
           change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

           The Group’s lease liabilities are presented in a separate line on the consolidated statement of
           financial position.

                                                                                      2020 Annual Report       63
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     December 31, 2020




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Leases (Continued)

          Group as a lessee (Continued)

          (c)   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

                The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of
                machinery and equipment (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less
                from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the
                recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets to leases of office equipment that is
                considered to be low value.

                Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense
                on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

         Group as a lessor

          When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease
          modification) each of its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.

          Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to
          ownership of an asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-
          lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a
          relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over
          the lease terms and is included in revenue in the statement of profit or loss due to its operating
          nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the
          carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental
          income. Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

          Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to of ownership of an
          underlying assets to the lessee are accounted for as finance leases.




64   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Investments and other financial assets
    Initial recognition and measurement
     Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost,
     fair value through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.
     The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset ’s
     contractual cash flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the
     exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which
     the Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing
     component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value, plus in the case of a
     financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do
     not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical
     expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under HKFRS 15 in accordance with
     the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.
     In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost, it needs to give rise
     to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal amount
     outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair
     value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.
     The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial
     assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will
     result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets
     classified and measured at amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to
     hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and
     measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with
     the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which
     are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value
     through profit or loss.
     All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is,
     the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are
     purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally
     established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.
    Subsequent measurement
     The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:
    Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
     Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method
     and are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss
     when the asset is derecognised, modified or impaired.
    Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)
     For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign
     exchange revaluation and impairment losses or reversals are recognised in the statement of profit
     or loss and computed in the same manner as for financial assets measured at amortised cost. The
     remaining fair value changes are recognised in other comprehensive income. Upon derecognition,
     the cumulative fair value change recognised in other comprehensive income is recycled to the
     statement of profit or loss.
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position
     at fair value with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.



                                                                                       2020 Annual Report       65
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     December 31, 2020




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Derecognition of financial assets

          A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar
          financial assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of
          financial position) when:

          •    the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

          •    the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed
               an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party
               under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially
               all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained
               substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.

          When the Group has transferred its right to receive cash flows from an asset (or has entered into a
          pass-through arrangement), and has neither transferred nor retained substantially all of the risks
          and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset, the asset is recognised to the extent
          of the Group’s continuing involvement in the asset. In that case, the Group also recognises an
          associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that
          reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.

          Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured
          at the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration
          that the Group could be required to repay.

          Impairment of financial assets

          The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not
          held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual
          cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to
          receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash
          flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are
          integral to the contractual terms.

         General approach

          ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant
          increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from
          default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit
          exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition,
          a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure,
          irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

          At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has
          increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares
          the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of
          a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers
          reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort, including
          historical and forward-looking information.




66   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

     General approach (Continued)

     For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, the Group applies the low
     credit risk simplification. At each reporting date, the Group evaluates whether the debt investments
     are considered to have low credit risk using all reasonable and supportable information that is
     available without undue cost or effort. In making that evaluation, the Group reassesses the external
     credit ratings of the debt investments. In addition, the Group considers that there has been a
     significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due.

     The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 1 year past due.
     However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when
     internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding
     contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group.
     A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual
     cash flows.

     Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at
     amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within
     the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables which apply the simplified
     approach as detailed below.

     Stage 1 – Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial
               recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month
               ECLs

     Stage 2 – Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial
               recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss
               allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs

     Stage 3 – Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased
               or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount
               equal to lifetime ECLs

    Simplified approach

     For trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group
     applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component,
     the Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach,
     the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on
     lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on
     its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and
     the economic environment. The provision matrix for trade receivables is as follows:

     Overdue by                                                                             Provision rate
     Within 90 days                                                                                    0%
     90 days to 1 year                                                                               20%
     Over 1 year                                                                                    100%




                                                                                      2020 Annual Report       67
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     December 31, 2020




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Financial liabilities

         Initial recognition and measurement

          Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through
          profit or loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments
          in an effective hedge, as appropriate.

          All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings
          and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

          The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables.

         Subsequent measurement

          The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

         Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost (loans and borrowings)

          After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at
          amortised cost, using the effective interest method unless the effect of discounting would be
          immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement
          of profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate
          amortisation process.

          Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees
          or costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation
          is included in finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.

          Derecognition of financial liabilities

          A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled,
          or expires.

          When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially
          different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or
          modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability,
          and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit
          or loss.

          Offsetting of financial instruments

          Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement
          of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts
          and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liabilities
          simultaneously.




68   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Inventories

     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the
     weighted average method. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials,
     direct labour, other direct costs and related production overheads. Net realisable value is based on
     estimated selling price less any estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal. If the
     cost of inventories is higher than the net realisable value, the provision of inventories is recognised
     in profit or loss.

     Cash and cash equivalents

     For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise
     cash on hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily
     convertible into known amounts of cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and
     have a short maturity of generally within three months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which
     are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.

     For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents
     comprise cash on hand and at banks, including term deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash,
     which are not restricted to use.

     Provisions

     A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result
     of a past event and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the
     obligation, provided that a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

     When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present
     value at the end of each reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to
     settle the obligation. The increase in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage
     of time is included in finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.

     Income tax

     Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside
     profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in
     equity.

     Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid
     to the taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
     enacted by the end of each reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices
     prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.

     Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of each
     reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for
     financial reporting purposes.




                                                                                       2020 Annual Report       69
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     December 31, 2020




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Income tax (Continued)

          Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

          •    when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or
               liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction,
               affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and

          •    in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, when
               the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that
               the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

          Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of
          unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that
          it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences,
          and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

          •    when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the
               initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination
               and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or
               loss; and

          •    in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
               deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary
               differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against
               which the temporary differences can be utilised.

          The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
          reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available
          to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are
          reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become
          probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to
          be recovered.

          Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the
          period when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that
          have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.

          Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally
          enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets
          and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the
          same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities
          and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each
          future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be
          settled or recovered.




70   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Government grants

     Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the
     grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to
     an expense item, it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs,
     for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.

     Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income account and is
     released to the statement of profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal
     annual instalments or deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and released to the statement
     of profit or loss by way of a reduced depreciation charge.

     Revenue recognition

    Revenue from contracts with customers
     Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is
     transferred to the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group
     expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.

     When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is
     estimated to which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services
     to the customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained
     until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue
     recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is
     subsequently resolved.

     When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant
     benefit of financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year,
     revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount
     rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction between the Group and the
     customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a financing component which provides
     the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one year, revenue recognised under the
     contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest
     method. For a contract where the period between the payment by the customer and the transfer
     of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the
     effects of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.

    (a)   Sale of pharmaceutical products

          Revenue from the sale of pharmaceutical products is recognised at the point in time
          when control of the asset is transferred to the customer, generally on acceptance of the
          pharmaceutical products by the customer.

          Some contracts for the sale of pharmaceutical products provide customers with rights of
          return. The rights of return give rise to variable consideration. For contracts which provide a
          customer with a right to return the goods within a specified period, the expected value method
          is used to estimate the goods that will not be returned because this method best predicts
          the amount of variable consideration to which the Group will be entitled. The requirements
          in HKFRS 15 on constraining estimates of variable consideration are applied in order to
          determine the amount of variable consideration that can be included in the transaction price.
          For goods that are expected to be returned, instead of revenue, a refund liability is recognised.
          A right-of-return asset (and the corresponding adjustment to cost of sales) is also recognised
          for the right to recover products from a customer.




                                                                                       2020 Annual Report       71
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     December 31, 2020




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Revenue recognition (Continued)

          Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

         (b)   Collaboration arrangements

               The Group’s collaborative arrangements may contain more than one performance obligation,
               including grants of licenses to intellectual property rights, agreement to provide research and
               development services and other deliverables. The collaborative arrangements do not include
               a right of return for any deliverable. As part of the accounting for these arrangements, the
               Group must develop assumptions that require judgement to determine the stand-alone selling
               price for each performance obligation identified in the contract. In developing the stand-alone
               selling price for a performance obligation, the Group considers competitor pricing for a similar
               or identical product, market awareness of and perception of the product, expected product
               life and current market trends. In general, the consideration allocated to each performance
               obligation is recognised when the respective obligation is satisfied either by delivering a good
               or providing a service, limited to the consideration that is not constrained. Non-refundable
               payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are
               recorded as advances from customers.

               Licenses of intellectual property : Upfront non-refundable payments for licensing the Group’s
               intellectual property are evaluated to determine if the license is distinct from the other
               performance obligations identified in the arrangement. For licenses determined to be distinct,
               the Group recognises revenues from non-refundable, up-front fees allocated to the license at
               a point in time, when the license is transferred to the licensee and the licensee is able to use
               and benefit from the license.

               Research and development services : The portion of the transaction price allocated to research
               and development service performance obligations is recognised as collaboration revenue at a
               point in time upon delivery of such services.

               Milestone payments : At the inception of each arrangement that includes development
               milestone payments, the Group evaluates whether the milestones are considered probable
               of being reached and estimates the amount to be included in the transaction price using
               the most likely amount method. If it is probable that a significant revenue reversal would
               not occur, the associated milestone value is included in the transaction price. Milestones
               related to the development-based activities may include initiation of various phases of
               clinical trials. Due to the uncertainty involved in meeting these development-based targets,
               they are generally fully constrained at contract inception. The Group will assess whether the
               variable consideration is fully constrained in each reporting period based on the facts and
               circumstances surrounding the clinical trials. Upon changes to the constraint associated with
               the developmental milestones, variable consideration will be included in the transaction price
               when a significant reversal of revenue recognised is not expected to occur and allocated to the
               separate performance obligations. Regulatory milestones are fully constrained until the period
               in which those regulatory approvals are achieved due to the inherent uncertainty with the
               approval process. Regulatory milestones are included in the transaction price in the period in
               which regulatory approval is obtained.

               Royalties : For arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone payments
               based on the level of sales, and the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which the
               royalties relate, the Group recognises revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur,
               and (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated
               has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).



72   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Revenue recognition (Continued)

    Other income

     Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms;

     Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying
     the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the
     financial instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the
     financial asset.

     Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been
     established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the
     Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.

     Contract liabilities

     A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is
     earlier) from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities
     are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of
     the related goods or services to the customer).

     Share-based payments

     The Group operates a share option scheme for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to
     eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. Employees (including
     directors) of the Group receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby
     employees render services as consideration for equity instruments (“equity-settled transactions”).

     The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees for grants is measured by reference to the
     fair value at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external valuer
     using a binomial model, further details of which are given in note 26 to the financial statements.

     The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in employee benefit expense, together with
     a corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service
     conditions are fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the
     end of each reporting period until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period
     has expired and the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately
     vest. The charge or credit to the statement of profit or loss for a period represents the movement in
     the cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning and end of that period.

     Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining
     the grant date fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as
     part of the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest.
     Market performance conditions are reflected within the grant date fair value. Any other conditions
     attached to an award, but without an associated service requirement, are considered to be non-
     vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair value of an award and lead to an
     immediate expensing of an award unless there are also service and/or performance conditions.




                                                                                      2020 Annual Report       73
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     December 31, 2020




     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Share-based payments (Continued)

          For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions
          have not been met, no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting
          condition, the transactions are treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting
          condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.

          Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised
          as if the terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an
          expense is recognised for any modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based
          payments, or is otherwise beneficial to the employee as measured at the date of modification.

          Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of
          cancellation, and any expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised immediately. This
          includes any award where non-vesting conditions within the control of either the Group or the
          employee are not met. However, if a new award is substituted for the cancelled award, and is
          designated as a replacement award on the date that it is granted, the cancelled and new awards are
          treated as if they were a modification of the original award, as described in the previous paragraph.

          The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation
          of earnings per share.

          Other employee benefits

         Pension scheme

          The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operates in Mainland China are required to
          participate in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. These
          subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the central
          pension scheme. The contributions are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become
          payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.

          Dividends

          Dividend distribution to the shareholders is recognised as a liability in the period in which the
          dividends are approved by the shareholders or directors, where appropriate.




74   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Foreign currencies

     These financial statements are presented in RMB. Each entity in the Group determines its own
     functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured
     using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group
     are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the
     transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the
     functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of each reporting period. Differences arising
     on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

     Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
     translated using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items
     measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date
     when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item
     measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on change in fair
     value of the item.

     In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income
     on the derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance
     consideration, the date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises
     the non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there
     are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each
     payment or receipt of the advance consideration.

     The functional currencies of the Company and certain overseas subsidiaries are currencies other
     than RMB. As at the end of each reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are
     translated into RMB at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period and their
     statements of profit or loss are translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange rates for the
     year or period.

     The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated
     in the exchange fluctuation reserve. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other
     comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in the statement of
     profit or loss.

     For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries
     are translated into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently
     recurring cash flows of overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year or period are
     translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.




                                                                                     2020 Annual Report       75
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     December 31, 2020




     3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

          The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements,
          estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets
          and liabilities, and their accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities.
          Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a
          material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.

          Estimation uncertainty

          The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the
          end of each reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the
          carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

          Deferred tax assets

          Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable
          profit will be available against which the losses can be utilised. Significant management judgement
          is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon
          the likely timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies. The
          carrying value of deferred tax assets relating to recognised tax losses as at 31 December 2020
          was RMB2,641,000 (2019: RMB8,451,000). The amount of tax losses that are not recognised
          as deferred tax assets as at 31 December 2020 was RMB406,287,000 (2019: RMB28,518,000).
          Further details are contained in note 24 to the financial statements.

          Income tax

          The Group is subject to income taxes in various regions. As a result, when certain matters
          relating to the income taxes have not been confirmed by the local tax bureau, objective estimates
          and judgments based on currently enacted tax laws, regulations and other related policies are
          required in determining the provision for corporate income taxes. Where the final tax outcome of
          these matters is different from the amounts originally recorded, the differences will impact on the
          corporate income tax and tax provisions over the period in which the differences are realised.

          Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables

          The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates are
          based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns
          (i.e., by geography, product type, customer type and rating, and coverage by letters of credit and
          other forms of credit insurance).

          The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The
          Group will calibrate the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking
          information. For instance, if forecast economic conditions (i.e., gross domestic product) are
          expected to deteriorate over the next year which can lead to an increased number of defaults in the
          distribution sector, the historical default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical
          observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.

          The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic
          conditions and ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in
          circumstances and forecast economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and
          forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of a customer’s actual default in the
          future. The information about the ECLs on the Group’s trade receivables is disclosed in note 16 to
          the financial statements.

76   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

     Estimation uncertainty (Continued)

     Useful lives and residual values of property, plant and equipment

     In determining the useful lives and residual values of items of property, plant and equipment, the
     Group has to consider various factors, such as technical or commercial obsolescence arising from
     changes or improvements in production, or from a change in the market demand for the product or
     service output of the asset, expected usage of the asset, expected physical wear and tear, the repair
     and maintenance of the asset and the legal or similar limits on the use of the asset. The estimation
     of the useful life of the asset is based on the experience of the Group with similar assets that are
     used in a similar way.

     Additional depreciation is recognised if the estimated useful lives and/or the residual values
     of items of property, plant and equipment are different from the previous estimation. Useful
     lives and residual values are reviewed at the end of each reporting period based on changes in
     circumstances.

     Research and development costs

     All research costs are charged to the statement of profit or loss as incurred. Expenditure incurred on
     projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when the Group can demonstrate
     the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale,
     its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate future
     economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete the project and the ability to measure
     reliably the expenditure during the development. Product development expenditure which does not
     meet these criteria is expensed when incurred. Determining the amounts of development costs to
     be capitalised requires the use of judgements and estimation.

4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

     Information about geographical areas

     Since over 90% of the Group’s revenue and operating profit were generated from the sale of
     pharmaceutical products in Mainland China and most of the Group’s identifiable operating assets
     and liabilities were located in Mainland China, no geographical segment information in accordance
     with HKFRS 8 Operating Segments is presented.

     Information about major customers

     No revenue from the Group’s sales to a single customer amounted to 10% or more of the Group’s
     revenue during the reporting period.




                                                                                         2020 Annual Report       77
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     December 31, 2020




     5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND OTHER (GAINS)/EXPENSES, NET

          An analysis of revenue, other income and other (gains)/expenses, net is as follows:

                                                                                  2020             2019
                                                                               RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000

          Revenue from contracts with customers
          Sales of goods – at a point in time                                 8,621,808         8,682,746
          Collaboration revenue – at a point in time                             68,426                 –

                                                                              8,690,234         8,682,746

          Other income
          Investment income                                                      71,879           25,871
          Government grants                                                      55,322           33,520
          Bank interest income                                                   92,037          153,582
          Others                                                                  1,399            8,246

                                                                                220,637          221,219

          Other gains/(expenses), net
          Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                 (39)          (1,291)
          Fair value gains of financial assets at fair value
            through profit or loss                                               88,909            23,113
          Donations                                                             (48,804)          (38,661)
          Foreign exchange gains, net                                            63,370             9,947
          Impairment of trade receivables, net                                      309             1,003
          Impairment of inventories, net                                         (1,850)           (7,989)
          Interest expense on lease liabilities                                  (1,645)             (123)
          Others                                                                  2,644             5,254

                                                                                102,894            (8,747)

          Performance obligations

          The amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied
          or partially unsatisfied) as at 31 December are as follows:

                                                                                  2020             2019
                                                                               RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000

          Amounts expected to be recognised as revenue:
           Within one year                                                      193,907           15,684
           After one year                                                        40,752           38,773

                                                                                234,659           54,457




78   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




6.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX

     The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                  Notes           2020           2019
                                                                               RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000

     Cost of inventories sold                                                   562,083        444,566
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                  12          216,350        183,675
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                            13           11,880          5,886
     Amortisation of intangible assets                              14            5,044         11,993
     Impairment of trade receivables, net                           16             (309)        (1,003)
     Impairment of inventories, net                                               1,850          7,989
     Operating lease expenses                                                    26,020          7,881
     Auditors’ remuneration                                                       3,760          5,660
     Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and
       equipment                                                                      39         1,291
     Investment income                                                           (71,879)      (25,871)
     Fair value gains of financial assets at fair value
       through profit or loss                                                    (88,909)      (23,113)
     Bank interest income                                                        (92,037)     (153,582)
     Foreign exchange gains, net                                                 (63,370)       (9,947)

     Employee benefit expense (including directors’
       remuneration as set out in note 7):
       Wages and salaries                                                      1,420,705     1,239,317
       Social welfare and other benefits                                         317,175       326,634
       Share-based payments                                                       68,590             –

                                                                               1,806,470     1,565,951




                                                                                      2020 Annual Report   79
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     December 31, 2020




     7.   DIRECTORS ’ REMUNERATION

          Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules,
          section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the
          Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                       Group
                                                                                   2020               2019
                                                                                RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000

          Fees                                                                          –                     –

          Other emoluments:
            Salaries and bonuses                                                  34,998                 39,324
            Social welfare and other benefits                                        222                   258
            Share-based payments                                                   2,277                      –

                                                                                  37,497                 39,582

                                                                                  37,497                 39,582

          (a)    Independent non-executive directors

                 The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

                                                                     Note             2020            2019
                                                                                   RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000

                 Mr. Lin Guoqiang                                     (ii)                  60              30
                 Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai                          (ii)              360                180
                 Ms. Yang Dongtao                                     (ii)              290                145

                                                                                        710                355

                 There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during
                 the year (2019: Nil).




80   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




7.   DIRECTORS ’ REMUNERATION (Continued)

     (b)   Executive directors and a non-executive director

                                                                                              Social
                                                                 Salaries      Share-        welfare
                                                                     and        based      and other       Total
                                         Note         Fees       bonuses     payments       benefits remuneration
                                                  RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000

           2020
           Executive directors:
             Ms. Zhong Huijuan            (i)              –      17,690             –          100      17,790
             Miss Sun Yuan                                 –      14,073             –           31      14,104
             Mr. Lyu Aifeng                                –       3,235         2,277           90       5,603

                                                           –      34,998         2,277          221      37,497


           Non-executive director:
             Ms. Ma Cuifang                                –             –             –          –            –

                                                           –      34,998         2,277          222      37,497

           2019
           Executive directors:
                 Ms. Zhong Huijuan        (i)              –      23,460               –         86      23,546
                 Miss Sun Yuan                             –      12,758               –         86      12,844
                 Mr. Lyu Aifeng                            –       3,106               –         86       3,192

                                                           –      39,324               –        258      39,582

           Non-executive director:
             Ms. Ma Cuifang                                –             –             –          –            –

                                                           –      39,324               –        258      39,582

           There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration
           during the year.

           Notes:

           (i)     Ms. Zhong Huijuan is also the chief executive officer of the Company.

           (ii)    Mr. Lin Guoqiang, Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai and Ms. Yang Dongtao were appointed as
                   independent non-executive directors on 31 May 2019.




                                                                                              2020 Annual Report    81
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     December 31, 2020




     8.   FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

          The five highest paid employees of the Group during the year included three directors (2019: three
          directors), details of whose remuneration are set out in note 7 above. Details of the remuneration of
          the remaining two (2019: two) highest paid employees who are not directors of the Company are as
          follows:

                                                                                  2020                2019
                                                                               RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

          Salaries and bonuses                                                     6,134               3,446
          Share-based payments                                                     2,088                   –
          Social welfare and other benefits                                          144                 172

                                                                                   8,366               3,618

          The number of non-director, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following
          bands is as follows:

                                                                               Number of employees
                                                                                   2020                 2019

          HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                 –                    2
          HK$2,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                 1                    –
          HK$4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000                                                 1                    –

                                                                                       2                    2

     9.   INCOME TAX

          The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profit arising in or derived from the
          jurisdictions in which members of the Group are domiciled and operate.

          Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and British Virgin Islands, the Group is
          not subject to any income tax in the Cayman Islands or British Virgin Islands.

          The subsidiary incorporated in Hong Kong and subsidiaries registered as a Hong Kong tax resident
          are subject to income tax at the rate of 16.5% (2019: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits
          arising in Hong Kong during the reporting period.

          The provision for PRC corporate income tax is based on the statutory rate of 25% of the assessable
          profits of certain PRC subsidiaries of the Group as determined in accordance with the PRC
          Corporate Income Tax Law which was approved and became effective on 1 January 2008, except for
          certain subsidiaries of the Group in Mainland China which are granted tax concession and are taxed
          at preferential tax rates.

          In 2014, Jiangsu Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu Hansoh”), the subsidiary of the
          Company, was accredited as a “High and New Technology Enterprise” (“HNTE”) and was entitled
          to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for a period of three years from 2014 to 2016. Jiangsu
          Hansoh subsequently renewed its HNTE qualification in 2017 and 2020, and was entitled to the
          preferential tax rate of 15% from 2020 to 2022.




82   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




9.   INCOME TAX (Continued)

     In 2017, Shanghai Hansen Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Hansen”), the subsidiary of the
     Company, was initially accredited as a HNTE, and thus entitled to a preferential income tax rate of
     15% from 2017 to 2019. Shanghai Hansen subsequently renewed its HNTE qualification in 2020,
     and was entitled to the preferential tax rate of 15% from 2020 to 2022.

     The income tax expense of the Group for the year is analysed as follows:

                                                                             2020               2019
                                                                          RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000

     Current income tax                                                   692,349              402,104
     Deferred income tax (note 24)                                       (162,957)              42,079

     Tax charge for the year                                              529,392              444,183

     A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax using the statutory rate for the
     jurisdictions in which the majority of the Group’s subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax expense at
     the effective tax rate is as follows:

                                                                             2020               2019
                                                                          RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000

     Profit before tax                                                  3,098,299            3,000,925

     Tax at the statutory tax rate (25%)                                  774,574              750,231
     Preferential income tax rate applicable to
       certain subsidiaries                                              (233,877)            (232,892)
     Additional deductible allowance for
       qualified research and development costs                          (189,608)            (194,299)
     Adjustments in respect of current income tax
       of previous years                                                   15,143              (14,132)
     Income not subject to tax                                            (16,760)              (2,674)
     Expenses not deductible for tax                                        8,705               15,874
     Accrual for withholding tax                                          125,649              122,429
     Tax losses utilised from previous years                                    –               (5,000)
     Tax losses not recognised                                             45,566                4,646

     Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                             529,392              444,183




                                                                                     2020 Annual Report     83
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     December 31, 2020




     10. DIVIDENDS

                                                                                     2020                 2019
                                                                                  RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000

          Distribution to the then shareholders                                           –           1,700,000

          Notes:

          Pursuant to the Company’s board resolution and the resolution of the shareholders of the Company dated 27
          May 2019, the Company declared dividends of RMB1,700,000,000 to the then shareholders.

          No dividend was proposed for the year ended 31 December 2020.

     11. EARNINGS PER SHARE

          The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit for the year attributable to equity
          holders of the parent of RMB2,568,907,000 (2019: RMB2,556,742,000), and the weighted average
          number of ordinary shares of 5,876,243,659 (2019: 5,477,489,291) in issue during the year, are
          adjusted to reflect the rights issue during the year.

          The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the year
          attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent. The weighted average number of ordinary
          shares used in the calculation is the number of ordinary shares in issue during the year, as used in
          the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average number of restricted share units
          expected to be unlocked in the future.

          The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                     2020                 2019
                                                                                  RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000

          Earnings
          Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of
            the parent used in the basic and diluted earnings
            per share calculation                                                2,568,907            2,556,742

                                                                                Adjusted number of shares

                                                                                      2020                  2019

          Shares
          Weighted average number of ordinary shares in
            issue during the year used in the basic earnings
            per share calculation                                           5,876,243,659        5,477,489,291
          Effect of dilution – weighted average number of
            ordinary shares:
          Restricted shares                                                      1,835,071                      –
          Weighted average number of ordinary shares in
           issue during the year used in the diluted earnings
           per share calculation                                            5,878,078,730        5,477,489,291

          Basic earnings per share (RMB per share)                                     0.44                 0.47
          Diluted earnings per share (RMB per share)                                   0.44                 0.47


84   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                          Machinery    Computer
                                              Leasehold         and   and office      Motor Construction
                                  Buildings improvement   equipment   equipment     vehicles in progress      Total
                                  RMB’ 000    RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000    RMB’ 000    RMB’ 000    RMB’ 000    RMB’ 000

     31 December 2019

     At 1 January 2019
       Cost                        968,728      13,171     937,152       95,290      59,699      81,132    2,155,172
       Accumulated depreciation   (250,992)    (11,764)   (396,509)     (65,955)    (48,127)          –     (773,347)

     Net carrying amount           717,736       1,407     540,643      29,335      11,572       81,132    1,381,825

     At 1 January 2019,
       net of accumulated
       depreciation                717,736       1,407     540,643      29,335      11,572       81,132 1,381,825
     Additions                     201,296           –      79,938      12,516      10,111      253,183   557,044
     Disposals                        (329)          –      (1,986)     (1,195)        (52)      (8,775)  (12,337)
     Transfer                       31,832           –      55,464       1,264         131      (90,716)   (2,025)
     Depreciation provided
       during the year              (57,166)    (1,361)    (98,674)     (19,777)     (6,697)          –    (183,675)

     At 31 December 2019,
       net of accumulated
       depreciation                893,369          46     575,385      22,143      15,065      234,824    1,740,832

     At 31 December 2019:
       Cost                       1,201,094      7,487 1,055,612         99,977      66,513     234,824    2,665,507
       Accumulated depreciation    (307,725)    (7,441) (480,227)       (77,834)    (51,448)          –     (924,675)

     Net carrying amount           893,369          46     575,385      22,143      15,065      234,824    1,740,832

     31 December 2020

     At 1 January 2020
       Cost                       1,201,094      7,487 1,055,612         99,977      66,513     234,824    2,665,507
       Accumulated depreciation    (307,725)    (7,441) (480,227)       (77,834)    (51,448)          –     (924,675)

     Net carrying amount           893,369          46     575,385      22,143      15,065      234,824    1,740,832

     At 1 January 2020,
       net of accumulated
       depreciation                893,369          46     575,385      22,143      15,065      234,824 1,740,832
     Additions                      37,019         716      74,389      56,146      10,512      348,595   527,377
     Disposals                      (2,399)          –      (6,117)       (173)          –            –    (8,689)
     Transfer                       89,422       1,722     131,071       9,677           –     (235,693)   (3,801)
     Translation differences             –           –         (37)         (3)          –            –       (40)
     Depreciation provided
       during the year              (63,307)      (413)   (122,575)     (23,063)     (6,992)          –    (216,350)

     At 31 December 2020,
       net of accumulated
       depreciation                954,104       2,071     652,116      64,727      18,585      347,726    2,039,329

     At 31 December 2020:
       Cost                       1,324,808      9,925 1,244,007       164,636       75,733     347,726 3,166,835
       Accumulated depreciation    (370,702)    (7,854) (591,891)      (99,911)     (57,148)          – (1,127,506)

     Net carrying amount           954,106       2,071     652,116      64,725      18,585      347,726    2,039,329


                                                                                               2020 Annual Report       85
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     December 31, 2020




     12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

          The Group was applying for certificates of ownership for certain properties with the net book value
          of RMB143,802,000 as at 31 December 2020. The directors of the Company are of the opinion that
          the use of and the conduct of operating activities at the properties referred to above are not affected
          by the fact the Group had not yet obtained the relevant property title certificates. The Group is not
          able to assign, transfer or mortgage these assets until these certificates are obtained.

     13. LEASES

          The Group as a lessee

          The Group has lease contracts for various items of land use rights and property. Lump sum
          payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with lease periods of
          50 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land leases. Leases of
          buildings generally have lease terms of 3 years. Equipment and vehicles generally have lease terms
          of 12 months or less and/or are individually of low value. Generally, the Group is restricted from
          assigning and subleasing the leased assets outside the Group.

         (a) Right-of-use assets

                                                             Leasehold land          Property             Total
                                                                   RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000

               As at 1 January 2019                                142,005                  –         142,005
               Additions                                             39,591           11,390            50,981
               Depreciation charge                                   (3,488)           (2,398)          (5,886)

               As at 31 December 2019 and
                 1 January 2020                                    178,108              8,992         187,100
               Additions                                                              89,269            89,269
               Depreciation charge                                   (3,950)           (7,930)         (11,880)

               As at 31 December 2020                              174,158            90,331          264,489




86   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




13. LEASES (Continued)

     The Group as a lessee (Continued)

    (b) Lease liabilities

          The carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                            2020                 2019
                                                                         RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000

          Carrying amount at 1 January                                       9,436                      –
          New leases                                                        89,269              50,981
          Accretion of interest recognised during the year                   1,645                 123
          Payments                                                          (7,601)            (41,668)

          Carrying amount at 31 December                                    92,749               9,436

          Analysed into:
            Current portion                                                 11,039               3,653
            Non-current portion                                             81,710               5,783

    (c) The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                            2020                 2019
                                                                         RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000

          Interest on lease liabilities                                      1,645                 123
          Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                        11,880               5,886

          Total amount recognised in profit or loss                         13,525               6,009




                                                                                      2020 Annual Report    87
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     December 31, 2020




     14. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                    Software
                                                                    RMB’ 000

          31 December 2020

          Cost at 1 January 2020, net of accumulated amortisation      4,568
          Additions                                                  10,369
          Amortisation provided during the year                       (5,044)

          At 31 December 2020                                          9,893

          At 31 December 2020:
            Cost                                                     42,225
            Accumulated amortisation                                 (32,332)

          Net carrying amount                                          9,893

          31 December 2019

          Cost at 1 January 2019, net of accumulated amortisation    10,475
          Additions                                                    4,061
          Transfer from construction in process                        2,025
          Amortisation provided during the year                      (11,993)

          At 31 December 2019                                          4,568

          At 31 December 2019:
            Cost                                                     36,298
            Accumulated amortisation                                 (31,730)

          Net carrying amount                                          4,568




88   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




15. INVENTORIES

                                                                              2020                 2019
                                                                          RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000

     Raw materials                                                          79,531               89,359
     Work in progress                                                      153,280              221,313
     Finished goods                                                         65,916              103,676

                                                                           298,727              414,348

16. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

                                                                              2020                 2019
                                                                          RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000

     Trade receivables                                                   2,744,236            1,551,688
     Impairment                                                                (462)              (1,011)

                                                                         2,743,774            1,550,677

     Bills receivable                                                      383,686              695,282

                                                                         3,127,460            2,245,959

     The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit, except for new customers, where
     payment in advance is normally required. The credit period is generally from 60 to 180 days. The
     Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and has a credit control
     department to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management.
     In view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large
     number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does
     not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade and bills receivable balances.
     Trade and bills receivables are non-interest-bearing.

     An ageing analysis of trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice
     date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                              2020                 2019
                                                                          RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000

     Within 90 days                                                      2,731,791            1,517,015
     91 days to 180 days                                                    11,213               33,619
     Over 180 days                                                              770                   43

                                                                         2,743,774            1,550,677




                                                                                       2020 Annual Report    89
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     December 31, 2020




     16. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (Continued)

          An ageing analysis of bills receivable as at the end of the reporting period, based on the billing date,
          is as follows:

                                                                                    2020                 2019
                                                                                 RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000

          Within 90 days                                                          297,847              405,607
          91 days to 180 days                                                      85,839              289,675
          Over 180 days                                                                 –                    –

                                                                                  383,686              695,282

          The Group applies the simplified approach to providing for expected credit losses prescribed by
          HKFRS 9, which permits the use of the lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables.
          Based on past experience and forward-looking information, the directors of the Company are of the
          opinion that there is no significant credit risk associated with bills receivables and no credit loss
          allowance is necessary since the counterparties are substantially reputable state-owned banks and
          other medium or large-sized listed banks with no history of default.

          To measure the expected credit losses of trade receivables, trade receivables have been grouped
          based on shared credit risk characteristics and the ageing. The movements in the loss allowance for
          impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                    2020                 2019
                                                                                 RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000

          At beginning of year                                                       1,011                5,870
          Impairment losses, net (note 6)                                             (309)              (1,003)
          Amount written-off as uncollectible                                         (240)              (3,856)

          At end of year                                                               462                1,011




90   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




16. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (Continued)

     Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables
     using a provision matrix:

                                                                  Overdue by

                                                         Within       90 days
                                         Not overdue    90 days      to 1 year   Over1 year         Total

     At 31 December 2020
     Expected credit loss rate                  0%          0%           20%         100%            0%
     Gross carrying amount (RMB’ 000)     2,736,820       6,650           380          386     2,744,236

     Expected credit losses (RMB’ 000)            –           –            76          386           462

     At 31 December 2019
     Expected credit loss rate                  0%         0%            20%         100%            0%
     Gross carrying amount (RMB’ 000)     1,463,984     86,650             54        1,000     1,551,688

     Expected credit losses (RMB’ 000)            –           –            11        1,000         1,011

     At 31 December 2020, the Group endorsed certain bills receivable accepted by banks in Mainland
     China (the “Derecognised Bills”) to settle the dividends payable, trade payables and other payables
     with a carrying amount of RMB77,511,000 (2019: RMB74,334,000). The Derecognised Bills had
     a maturity of one to six months at the end of the reporting period. In accordance with the Law of
     Negotiable Instruments in the PRC, the holders of the Derecognised Bills have a right of recourse
     against the Group if the PRC banks default (the “Continuing Involvement”). In the opinion of the
     directors, the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards relating to the Derecognised
     Bills. Accordingly, it has derecognised the full carrying amounts of the Derecognised Bills and the
     associated dividends payable, trade payables and other payables. The maximum exposure to loss
     from the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Bills and the undiscounted cash flows
     to repurchase these Derecognised Bills is equal to their carrying amounts. In the opinion of the
     directors, the fair values of the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Bills are not
     significant.

     During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group has not recognised any gain or loss on the
     date of transfer of the Derecognised Bills. No gains or losses were recognised from the Continuing
     Involvement, both during the reporting period and cumulatively.




                                                                                     2020 Annual Report      91
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     December 31, 2020




     17. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                         2020                  2019
                                                                                      RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000

          Prepaid income tax                                                                 –                131,534
          Prepayments                                                                   48,611                 24,185
          Deposits                                                                       8,556                  4,740
          Prepaid expenses                                                               2,111                    598
          Other receivables                                                             82,820                 32,715

                                                                                       142,098                193,772

          The financial assets included in the above balances relate to receivables for which there was no
          recent history of default and past due amounts. As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the loss
          allowance was assessed to be minimal.

     18. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                         2020                  2019
                                                                                      RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000

          Current
          Investments in financial products (note (a))                                 200,000             2,772,040

          Non-current
          Other unlisted investments, at fair value (note (b))                          28,389                        –

          Notes:

          (a)   The above investments represent investments in certain financial products issued by commercial banks in
                the PRC with expected return rates ranging from 3.30% to 3.45% per annum. The returns on all of these
                financial products are not guaranteed. The fair values of the investments approximate to their costs plus
                expected return. None of these investments are either past due or impaired.

          (b)   The amount represents unlisted equity investments in one American and one Chinese venture capital firms
                which specialise in making equity investments in the life science industry. The Group has an intention of
                holding it as a long-term investment.

     19. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS

                                                                                         2020                  2019
                                                                                      RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000

          Investments in financial products                                          9,232,734             3,583,457

          The above investments represent investments in certain financial products issued by commercial
          banks. These financial products had terms of less than one year and had guaranteed annual return
          rates ranging from 0.73% to 1.97%. None of these investments are either past due or impaired.




92   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




20. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                   2020                  2019
                                                                                RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000

     Cash and bank balances, unrestricted                                      1,514,473             3,411,166
     Time deposits with original maturity of less than three
       months when acquired                                                    1,548,843             1,933,693
     Time deposits with original maturity of over three
       months when acquired (note (a))                                         1,221,654             2,893,563

     Cash and bank balances                                                    4,284,970             8,238,422

     Denominated in:
       RMB                                                                     2,437,355             1,486,429
       United States dollar                                                    1,021,222             2,599,918
       Hong Kong dollar                                                          825,256             4,152,075
       Others                                                                      1,137                     –

                                                                               4,284,970             8,238,422

     The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies, however, under Mainland China’s Foreign
     Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign
     Exchange Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks
     authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.

     Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short term time
     deposits are made for varying periods within three months depending on the immediate cash
     requirements of the Group, and earn interest at the respective short-term time deposit rates. The
     bank balances are deposited with creditworthy banks with no history of default. The carrying
     amounts of the cash and cash equivalents approximate to their fair values.

     Note:

     (a)     The above investments represent time deposits with initial terms of over three months when acquired
             (including three months) issued by commercial banks with annual return rates ranging from 1.35% to
             4.13%. None of these investments are either past due or impaired. None of these deposits are pledged.




                                                                                           2020 Annual Report        93
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     December 31, 2020




     21. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES

                                                                                  2020                2019
                                                                               RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

          Trade payables                                                         67,520               88,432
          Bills payable                                                          56,862              104,418

                                                                                124,382              192,850

          An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payable as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
          invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                  2020                2019
                                                                               RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

          Within 90 days                                                        122,932              139,094
          91 days to 180 days                                                       594               52,965
          181 days to 1 year                                                         98                  151
          Over 1 year                                                               758                  640

                                                                                124,382              192,850

          The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on 90-day terms.

     22. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                  2020                2019
                                                                               RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

          Accrued expenses                                                    1,437,440            1,009,471
          Staff payroll, welfare and bonus payables                             331,266              385,345
          Payables for purchase of items of property,
            plant and equipment                                                  92,023               73,059
          Other tax payables                                                    108,406               63,875
          Other payables                                                        377,898              230,926

                                                                              2,347,033            1,762,676




94   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




23. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                                  2020                           2019
                                                                                                               RMB’ 000                       RMB’ 000

     Amounts received in advance of delivery of products
      and services                                                                                              195,688                         40,469

     Set out below is the amount of revenue and other income recognised from:

                                                                                                                  2020                           2019
                                                                                                               RMB’ 000                       RMB’ 000

     Amounts included in contract liabilities
      at the beginning of the year                                                                                22,643                         6,840

24. DEFERRED TAX

     The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year are as follows:

     Deferred tax assets

                                                     Losses     Decelerated                                        Provision
                                               available for   depreciation/      Unrealised                  of impairment
                                                  offsetting    amortisation      profit from                       for trade
                                              against future          for tax   intercompany     Accrued        receivables
                                             taxable profits       purposes      transactions   expenses     and inventories        Others          Total
                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

     At 1 January 2020                               8,451            3,819               40       47,460             1,352              –        61,122

     Deferred tax recognised in the
       consolidated statement of profit or
       loss during the year                         (5,810)          61,276              (40)        2,841              270              –        58,537

     At 31 December 2020                             2,641           65,095                 –      50,301             1,622              –       119,659

     At 1 January 2019                              23,635            7,301               40       25,387             1,124          1,148        58,635

     Deferred tax recognised in the
       consolidated statement of profit or
       loss during the year                        (15,184)          (3,482)                –      22,073               228         (1,148)         2,487

     At 31 December 2019                             8,451            3,819               40       47,460             1,352              –        61,122




                                                                                                                                2020 Annual Report          95
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     December 31, 2020




     24. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)

          Deferred tax liabilities

                                                                Accelerated
                                                                depreciation
                                                                     for tax     Accrual for
                                                                   purposes withholding tax              Total
                                                                   RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

          At 1 January 2020                                         (39,461)        (306,428)         (345,889)

          Deferred tax recognised in the consolidated
            statement of profit or loss during the year             (13,731)         118,151          104,420

          At 31 December 2020                                       (53,192)        (188,277)         (241,469)

          At 1 January 2019                                         (34,056)        (267,267)         (301,323)

          Deferred tax recognised in the consolidated
            statement of profit or loss during the year                 (5,405)       (39,161)         (44,566)

          At 31 December 2019                                       (39,461)        (306,428)         (345,889)

          The Group has no tax loss arising in Hong Kong (2019: RMB15,494,000) that are available
          indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in which the losses arose.
          The Group has tax losses arising in Mainland China of RMB360,791,000 (2019: RMB13,024,000)
          that will expire in one to ten years for offsetting against future taxable profits. Deferred tax assets
          have not been recognised in respect of these losses as they have arisen in certain subsidiaries that
          has been loss-making for some time and it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be
          available against which the tax losses can be utilised.

          Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends
          declared to foreign investors from the foreign invested enterprises established in Mainland China.
          The requirement is effective from 1 January 2008 and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007.
          A lower withholding tax rate may be applied if there is a tax treaty between Mainland China and the
          jurisdiction of the foreign investors. For the Group, the applicable rate is 5%. The Group is therefore
          liable for withholding taxes on dividends distributed by those subsidiaries established in Mainland
          China in respect of earnings generated from 1 January 2008.

          For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the
          consolidated statement of financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax
          balances of the Group for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                     2020               2019
                                                                                  RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000

          Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated
           statement of financial position                                        121,810             284,767




96   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




25. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                   2020                  2019
                                                                                   RMB                   RMB

     Issued and fully paid:
       5,918,991,200 shares of HK$0.00001 each
         (31 December 2019: 5,788,611,200 shares of
         HK$0.00001 each)                                                        52,140                50,951

     A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:

                                                                              Number of
                                                                         shares in issue        Share capital
                                                                                                        RMB

     At 1 January 2020                                                   5,788,611,200                 50,951

     Private placement – issue of shares of HK$0.00001 each
       (Note (a))                                                          130,380,000                  1,189

     At 31 December 2020                                                 5,918,991,200                 52,140

     Note:

     (a)     Pursuant to the placing agreement dated 22 April 2020, 130,380,000 shares of the Company have been
             successfully placed on 29 April 2020 at the price of HK$26.75 per share, representing a discount of
             approximately 10.54% to the closing market price of the Company’s ordinary shares on the immediate
             preceding business day before the completion date. The net proceeds from the placing amounted to
             HK$3,477,202,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB3,171,973,000).




                                                                                           2020 Annual Report      97
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     December 31, 2020




     26. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

          The Group’s Restricted Share Unit Scheme (the “RSU Scheme”) was adopted pursuant to a
          resolution passed on 27 May 2019 for the primary purpose of providing incentives to directors and
          eligible employees, and will expire on 13 June 2029.

          The table below discloses movement of the RSU Scheme:

                                                                                                    Number of
                                                                                             restricted shares

          Outstanding as at 1 January 2020                                                                  –
          Granted during the year                                                                   9,035,000
          Lapsed during the year                                                                      161,100
          Exercised during the year                                                                         –
          Cancelled during the year                                                                         –

          Outstanding as at 31 December 2020                                                        8,873,900

          In the current reporting period, restricted shares were granted on 22 April 2020 and 15 June 2020.
          The closing price of the Group’s shares immediately before 22 April 2020 and 15 June 2020, the
          dates of grant, were HK$28.45 and HK$36.75 per share, respectively.

          The fair values of the restricted shares determined at the dates of grant using the Binomial model
          were HK$21.44 and HK$31.59 respectively. The following assumptions were used to calculate the
          fair values of restricted shares:

                                                                           22 April 2020        15 June 2020

          Grant date share price                                              HK$27.96             HK$36.91
          Exercise price                                                       HK$5.36              HK$5.36
          Exercise life                                                         3 years              3 years
          Exercise volatility                                              41.9%-46.7%          40.9%-46.2%
          Dividend yield                                                            0%                   0%
          Risk-free interest rate                                          0.41%-0.52%          0.34%-0.43%

          The Binomial model has been used to estimate the fair value of the restricted shares. The variables
          and assumptions used in computing the fair value of the restricted shares are based on the
          directors’ best estimate. Changes is estimates and assumptions may result in changes in fair value
          of the restricted shares.

          At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of options that
          are expected to vest ultimately. The impact of the revision of the estimates, if any, is recognised in
          profit and loss, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payments reserve.




98   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




26. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)

     As instructed by the Board, the Trustee is appointed to acquire a certain number of shares from the
     secondary market for the RSU Scheme, and the purchased shares will be held by the Trustee until
     such shares are vested in accordance with the provisions of the Scheme.

     During the year of 2020, the Trustee has not acquired any shares.

27. RESERVES

     The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the reporting period are
     presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.

     (a)   Share premium

           The proceeds from the issue of shares that exceed the nominal value of the shares were
           credited into the share premium.

     (b)   Merger reserve

           Th e merg er re serve of the Group represents the capital contributions from the then
           shareholders of the subsidiaries.

     (c)   Exchange fluctuation reserve

           The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries are currencies other than the
           Renminbi (“RMB”). As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these
           entities are translated into RMB at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting
           period and their profit or loss are translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange rates
           for the period. The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive
           income and accumulated in the exchange fluctuation reserve. On disposal of a foreign
           operation, the component of other comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign
           operation is recognised in profit or loss.

     (d)   Statutory reserves

           In accordance with the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the
           subsidiary of the Group which is a domestic enterprise is required to allocate 10% of its profit
           after tax, as determined in accordance with the relevant PRC Generally Accepted Accounting
           Principles, to its statutory surplus reserve until the reserve reaches 50% of its registered
           capital. Subject to certain restrictions set out in the Company Law of the PRC, part of the
           statutory surplus reserve may be converted to share capital, provided that the remaining
           balance after the capitalisation is not less than 25% of the registered capital.




                                                                                     2020 Annual Report       99
      Notes to the Financial Statements
      December 31, 2020




      28. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

           (a)   Major non-cash transactions

                 Except for the transactions mentioned in note 16, there were no major non-cash transactions
                 during the years ended in 31 December 2020 and 2019.

           (b)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                Dividends            Lease
                                                                  payable        liabilities        Total
                                                                RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000

                 At 1 January 2020                             4,200,000             9,436      4,209,436

                 Changes from financing cash flows:
                 Dividend paid to the then shareholders        (4,200,000)               –     (4,200,000)
                 Principal portion of lease payments                    –           (7,601)        (7,601)

                 Total changes from financing cash flows                –           (7,601)    (4,207,601)

                 Other changes:
                 Additions to lease liabilities                         –          89,269          89,269
                 Accretion of interest recognised
                   during the year                                      –            1,645           1,645

                 Total other changes                                    –          90,914          90,914

                 At 31 December 2020                                    –          92,749          92,749

                 At 1 January 2019                             4,000,000                  –     4,000,000

                 Changes from financing cash flows:
                 Dividend paid to the then shareholders        (1,500,000)              –      (1,500,000)
                 Principal portion of lease payments                    –         (41,668)        (41,668)

                 Total changes from financing cash flows       (1,500,000)        (41,668)     (1,541,668)

                 Other changes:
                 Dividend declared                             1,700,000                –       1,700,000
                 Additions to lease liabilities                        –           50,981          50,981
                 Accretion of interest recognised
                   during the year                                      –              123             123

                 Total other changes                           1,700,000           51,104       1,751,104

                 At 31 December 2019                           4,200,000             9,436      4,209,436




100   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




28. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)

     (c)   Total cash outflow for leases

           The total cash outflow for leases included in the consolidated statement of cash flows is as
           follows:

                                                                                                   2020
                                                                                                RMB’ 000

           Within operating activities                                                            26,020
           Within investing activities                                                                 –
           Within financing activities                                                             7,601

                                                                                                  33,621

29. COMMITMENTS

     Capital commitments

     The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                              2020                2019
                                                                           RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

     Contracted, but not provided for acquisition of property,
       plant and equipment                                                  339,900              197,628

     Other business agreements

     The Group enters into collaboration agreements with institutions and companies to license
     intellectual property. The Company may be obligated to make future development, regulatory
     and commercial milestone payments and royalty payments on future sales of specified products
     associated with its collaboration agreements. Payments under these agreements generally become
     due and payable upon achievement of such milestones or sales. These commitments are not
     recorded on the consolidated statement of financial position because the achievement and timing
     of these milestones are not fixed and determinable. When the achievement of these milestones
     or sales have occurred, the corresponding amounts are recognised in the consolidated financial
     statements.

    Viela Bio

     The Company entered into strategic collaboration with Viela Bio, Inc. to develop and commercialise
     inebilizumab for autoimmune diseases and hematologic cancers in China on 28 May 2019.
     Under the terms of the license and collaboration agreement for inebilizumab, Viela Bio received
     total upfront payments of US$20,000,000 and is eligible to receive additional payments of
     US$200,000,000 upon the achievement of development and commercial milestones. In addition,
     Viela Bio will be eligible to receive tiered royalties on future sales of inebilizumab in the licensed
     territory.

     The upfront payments were expensed to research and development expense during the year ended
     31 December 2019. No milestone payments were accrued as of 31 December 2020.



                                                                                      2020 Annual Report      101
      Notes to the Financial Statements
      December 31, 2020




      30. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

           (a)   Name and relationship of related parties

                 Name                                        Relationship

                 江蘇恒瑞醫藥股份有限公司                                Joint stock company of a close family member of
                  (“Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine”)                 a director

           (b)   Transactions with related parties

                 The following transactions were carried out with related parties:

                                                                                        2020            2019
                                                                                     RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000

                 Revenue from collaboration agreement
                 Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine                                             28,302                    –

                 Expense for services received
                 Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine                                             18,874                    –

                 The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the above sales to related parties and
                 purchased from related parties were conducted in the ordinary course of business and on
                 normal commercial terms.

           (c)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:

                                                                                        2020            2019
                                                                                     RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000

                 Salaries and bonuses                                                 45,774            63,816
                 Social welfare and other benefits                                     1,607             1,855
                 Share-based payments                                                 33,411                 –

                 Total compensation paid to key management
                   personnel                                                          80,792            65,671

                 Further details of directors’ emoluments are included in note 7 to the financial statements.




102   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

     The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the
     reporting period were as follows:

     2020

     Financial assets

                                                   Financial
                                                   assets at
                                                  fair value                       Financial
                                                     through                        assets at
                                              profit or loss,     Financial        fair value
                                                mandatorily       assets at    through other
                                                 designated      amortised    comprehensive
                                                     as such           cost           income             Total
                                                  RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000

     Trade receivables                                     –     2,743,774                –         2,743,774
     Bills receivable                                      –             –          383,686           383,686
     Financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss                              228,389               –                 –           228,389
     Financial assets included in
       prepayments, other receivables
       and other assets                                    –        91,376                 –           91,376
     Other financial assets                                –     9,232,734                 –        9,232,734
     Cash and bank balances                                –     4,284,970                 –        4,284,970

                                                   228,389      16,352,854          383,686        16,964,929

     Financial liabilities

                                                                                                     Financial
                                                                                                  liabilities at
                                                                                                amortised cost
                                                                                                     RMB’ 000

     Trade and bills payables                                                                         124,382
     Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                  1,907,361
     Lease liabilities                                                                                 92,749
     Dividends payable                                                                                      –

                                                                                                    2,124,492




                                                                                         2020 Annual Report        103
      Notes to the Financial Statements
      December 31, 2020




      31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (Continued)

           The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the
           reporting period were as follows: (Continued)

           2019

           Financial assets

                                                                    Financial
                                                                assets at fair
                                                               value through
                                                                profit or loss,
                                                                 mandatorily           Financial
                                                                  designated           assets at
                                                                      as such     amortised cost           Total
                                                                   RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000

           Trade and bills receivables                                       –        2,245,959        2,245,959
           Financial assets at fair value through profit or
             loss                                                 2,772,040                   –        2,772,040
           Financial assets included in prepayments,
             other receivables and other assets                              –           37,455           37,455
           Other financial assets                                            –        3,583,457        3,583,457
           Cash and bank balances                                            –        8,238,422        8,238,422

                                                                  2,772,040         14,105,293        16,877,333

           Financial liabilities

                                                                                                        Financial
                                                                                                     liabilities at
                                                                                                   amortised cost
                                                                                                       RMB’ 000

           Trade and bills payables                                                                      192,850
           Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                               1,313,456
           Lease liabilities                                                                               9,436
           Dividends payable                                                                           4,200,000

                                                                                                       5,715,742




104   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




32. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with
     carrying amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:

     Financial assets

                                                   Carrying amount                     Fair value
                                                    2020           2019              2020           2019
                                                 RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000

     Financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss                             228,389       2,772,000          228,389       2,772,040

     Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, Time deposits with
     original maturity of over three months when acquired, trade and bills receivables, trade and bills
     payables, other financial assets, deposits and other receivables, financial liabilities included in other
     payables and accruals and dividends payable approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to
     the short-term maturities of these instruments.

     The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the
     instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a
     forced or liquidation sale.

     The fair values of the non-current portion of lease liabilities have been calculated by discounting
     the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms,
     credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s own non-
     performance risk for lease liabilities as at 31 December 2020 were assessed to be insignificant.




                                                                                        2020 Annual Report       105
      Notes to the Financial Statements
      December 31, 2020




      32. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           Fair value hierarchy

           The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial
           instruments:

           Assets measured at fair value:

                                                                    Fair value measurement using
                                                   Quoted prices      Significant     Significant
                                                        in active     observable    unobservable
                                                         markets           inputs          inputs
                                                       (Level 1)        (Level 2)       (Level 3)          Total
                                                      RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000

           As at 31 December 2020
           Financial assets at fair value
             through profit or loss                            –        228,389               –         228,389
           Bills receivable                                    –              –         383,686         383,686

           As at 31 December 2019
           Financial assets at fair value
             through profit or loss                            –      2,772,040                 –     2,772,040

           At 31 December 2020, the Group held bills receivable within a business model whose objective
           is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets. Bills receivable
           are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. The fair values of bills receivable
           approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.

           The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 31 December 2019 and
           2020.

           During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2
           and no transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2019: Nil).

      33. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

           The Group’s principal financial instruments mainly include cash and cash equivalents, bank
           deposits with original maturity of over three months when acquired, financial assets at fair value
           through profit or loss and other financial assets. The main purpose of these financial instruments
           is to raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has various other financial assets and
           liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its operations.

           The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are foreign currency risk, credit risk
           and liquidity risk. Generally, the Group introduces conservative strategies on its risk management.
           To keep the Group’s exposure to these risks to a minimum, the Group has not used any derivatives
           and other instruments for hedging purposes. The Group does not hold or issue derivative financial
           instruments for trading purposes. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing
           each of these risks and they are summarised below:




106   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




33. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

     (a)   Foreign currency risk

           Foreign currency risk is the risk of loss resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange
           rates. The Group’s business are located in Mainland China and nearly all transactions are
           conducted in RMB. As nearly all of the assets and liabilities of subsidiaries in Mainland China
           were denominated in RMB, these subsidiaries were not subject to significant foreign currency
           risk. As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s assets and liabilities denominated in currencies
           other than RMB were mainly held by the Company and certain subsidiaries incorporated
           outside Mainland China which had currencies other than RMB as their functional currencies.
           The Company and those subsidiaries incorporated outside Mainland China also held bank
           balances denominated in currencies other than their functional currencies, from which foreign
           currency exposures arise.

           The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a
           reasonably possible change in foreign currency exchange rates, with all other variables held
           constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (due to changes in the fair values of monetary assets
           and liabilities) and the Group’s equity.

                                                              Increase/
                                                            (decrease)         Increase/         Increase/
                                                                 in rate     (decrease)        (decrease)
                                                             of foreign          in profit         in profit
                                                               currency       before tax      for the year
                                                                      %       RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000

           2020
           If the RMB weakens against the United
              States dollar                                           5           4,320             3,672
           If the RMB strengthens against the United
              States dollar                                          (5)         (4,320)           (3,672)

           2019
           If the RMB weakens against the United
              States dollar                                           5           1,623             1,380
           If the RMB strengthens against the United
              States dollar                                          (5)         (1,623)           (1,380)

     (b)   Credit risk

           The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, time deposits with original maturity
           of over three months when acquired, other financial assets, financial assets at fair value
           through profit or loss, trade receivables and other receivables represent the Group’s maximum
           exposure equal to credit risk in relation to financial assets.

           The Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with cash and cash
           equivalents, time deposits with original maturity of over three months when acquired,
           other financial assets and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss since they are
           substantially held in reputable state-owned banks and other medium or large-sized listed
           banks. Management does not expect that there will be any significant losses from non-
           performance by these counterparties.

           The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy customers with no requirement for
           collateral. It is the Group’s policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are
           subject to credit verification procedures.

                                                                                       2020 Annual Report      107
      Notes to the Financial Statements
      December 31, 2020




      33. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

           (b)   Credit risk (Continued)

                 In order to minimise the credit risk, the Group reviews the recoverable amount of each
                 individual trade receivable periodically and management also has monitoring procedures
                 to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue receivables. In this regard, the
                 directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.

                 The Group measures loss allowances for bills receivable at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.
                 Based on past experience and forward-looking information, the directors of the Company are
                 of the opinion that there is no significant credit risk associated with bills receivables and no
                 credit loss allowance is necessary since the counterparties are substantially reputable state-
                 owned banks and other medium or large-sized listed banks with no history of default.

                 The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs,
                 which is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experiences
                 do not indicate significantly different loss patterns for different segments, the loss allowance
                 based on the past due status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different
                 customer bases.

                 The Group also expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with amounts due
                 from related parties and other receivables since counterparties to these financial assets have
                 no history of default.

                 For other financial assets, amounts due from related parties and other receivables, impairment
                 is measured as 12-month expected credit losses as there has been no significant increase in
                 credit risk since initial recognition.

           (c)   Liquidity risk

                 The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool.
                 This tool considers both the maturity of its financial instruments and financial assets (e.g.,
                 trade and bills receivables) and projected cash flows from operations.

                 The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period,
                 based on contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

                                                                            2020
                                                    Within 3
                                                   months or   3 months    1 year to
                                                  on demand    to 1 year    5 years    Over 5 years       Total
                                                   RMB’ 000    RMB’ 000    RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000

                 Lease liabilities                    2,418       8,621      34,875         46,835       92,749
                 Financial liabilities included
                   in other payables and
                   accruals                       1,907,361           –            –             –    1,907,361
                 Trade and bills payables           124,382           –            –             –      124,382

                                                  2,034,161       8,621      34,875         46,835    2,124,492




108   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




33. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

     (c)   Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                                        2019
                                               Within 3
                                             months or    3 months      1 year to
                                            on demand      to 1 year     5 years    Over 5 years        Total
                                             RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000

           Lease liabilities                       893        2,760        5,783              –         9,436
           Financial liabilities included
             in other payables and
             accruals                       1,313,456             –             –             –      1,313,456
           Trade and bills payables           192,850             –             –             –        192,850
           Dividends payable                        –     4,200,000             –             –      4,200,000

                                            1,507,199     4,202,760        5,783              –      5,715,742

     (d)   Capital management

           The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability
           to continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its
           business and maximise shareholders’ value.

           The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in
           economic conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the
           dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. The
           Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. No changes were made
           in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the reporting period.

           The Group monitors capital using a debt-to-asset ratio which is total liabilities divided by total
           assets. The debt-to-asset ratios as at the end of the reporting periods were as follows:

                                                                                  2020                 2019
                                                                               RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000

           Total liabilities                                                2,916,462               6,530,882
           Total assets                                                    20,792,060              19,575,204
           Debt-to-asset ratio                                                   14%                     33%




                                                                                          2020 Annual Report     109
      Notes to the Financial Statements
      December 31, 2020




      34. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

           As at 31 December 2020, the Group and the Company were not involved in any material legal,
           arbitration or administrative proceedings that, if adversely determined, the Group and the Company
           expect would materially adversely affect their financial position or results of operations.

      35. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

           On 22 January 2021, the Company issued 3,000 units of convertible bonds (the “Bonds”) with a
           nominal value of US$200,000 per unit, totalling US$600,000,000. After deduction of the expenses
           in relation to the issuance, the total net proceeds were approximately US$595,650,000. The
           Bonds are zero coupon and will mature on 22 January 2026 (the “Maturity Date”). The Bonds are
           convertible at the option of the bondholders into ordinary shares on or after 4 March 2021 up to the
           close of business on the date falling ten days prior to the Maturity Date. Assuming full conversion
           of the Bonds at the initial conversion price of HK$60.00 per share, the Bonds will be convertible
           into 77,529,000 shares. Unless previously redeemed, converted or purchased and cancelled, the
           Company will redeem each Bond at its principal amount on the Maturity Date.

           On 11 February 2021, Hansoh (Shanghai) Health Technology Co., Ltd. and Jiangsu Hansoh
           Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (collectively, the “Licensees”), each a wholly-owned subsidiary of
           the Company, have entered into an exclusive license and collaboration agreement (the “Licensing
           Agreement”) with SCYNEXIS, Inc. (“SCYNEXIS”). Pursuant to the Licensing Agreement, the
           Licensees will obtain an exclusive license from SCYNEXIS to research, develop and commercialise
           ibrexafungerp (the “Product”) in the People’s Republic of China (including Hong Kong, Macau and
           Taiwan) (the “Territory”). In consideration for the exclusive license, the Licensees agree to pay to
           SCYNEXIS an upfront payment of US$10,000,000 plus potential milestone payments and royalties.
           Such milestone payments are subject to the achievement of the relevant milestone events, such as
           the obtaining of product regulatory approvals within the Territory.

           Save as disclosed above, the Group had no other material events after the reporting period up to the
           date of this report.




110   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2020




36. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

     Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting
     period is as follows:

                                                        Note              2020                2019
                                                                       RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000

     NON-CURRENT ASSETS
     Investments in subsidiaries                                         68,590                   –
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or
       loss                                                             28,389                    –
     Amounts due from subsidiaries                                  11,450,454            1,047,792

     Total non-current assets                                       11,547,433            1,047,792

     CURRENT ASSETS
     Amounts due from subsidiaries                                      104,531           4,238,511
     Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                      3,930              14,260
     Other financial assets                                                   –           3,383,457
     Cash and bank balances                                           1,866,030           6,647,334

     Total current assets                                             1,974,491          14,283,562

     CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Dividends payable                                                        –           4,200,000
     Other payables and accruals                                         72,022              64,560

     Total current liabilities                                           72,022           4,264,560

     NET CURRENT ASSETS                                               1,902,469          10,019,002

     TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                          13,449,902           11,066,794

     NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Dividends payable                                                         –                  –

     Total non-current liabilities                                             –                  –

     NET ASSETS                                                     13,449,902           11,066,794

     EQUITY
     Share capital                                                          52                   51
     Reserves                                           (a)         13,449,850           11,066,743

     Total equity                                                   13,449,902           11,066,794




                                                                                   2020 Annual Report   111
      Notes to the Financial Statements
      December 31, 2020




      36. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

           Note:

           (a)     A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:

                                                                                                              Retained
                                                                                         Exchange              profits/
                                                                          Share        fluctuation       (accumulated
                                                                       premium             reserve             losses)            Total
                                                                      RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000

                   At 1 January 2019                                  1,302,448           81,684                4,090          1,388,222
                   Profit for the year                                        –                –            1,685,748          1,685,748
                   Exchange differences related to
                     foreign operations                                       –          158,427                      –         158,427

                   Total comprehensive income for
                     the year                                                 –          158,427            1,685,748          1,844,175
                   Issue of shares prior to the Initial
                     Public Offering (“IPO”)                          1,682,278                 –                     –        1,682,278
                   Capitalisation Issue                                     (44)                –                     –              (44)
                   Issue of shares in connection with
                     the IPO                                          7,960,847                 –                   –          7,960,847
                   Share issue expenses                                (108,735)                –                   –           (108,735)
                   Dividends declared                                         –                 –          (1,700,000)        (1,700,000)

                   At 31 December 2019                            10,836,794             240,111              (10,162)        11,066,743

                                                                                                                Retained
                                                                              Share         Exchange             profits/
                                                              Share          option       fluctuation      (accumulated
                                                           premium          reserve           reserve            losses)           Total
                                                          RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000

                   At 1 January 2020                 10,836,794                    –        240,111            (10,162)       11,066,743
                   Profit for the year                        –                    –              –          4,313,138         4,313,138
                   Exchange differences related
                     to foreign operations                       –                 –       (970,593)                      –     (970,593)

                   Total comprehensive income
                     for the year                                –                 –       (970,593)         4,313,138         3,342,545
                   Issue of shares by private
                     placement                        3,181,517                   –                  –                –        3,181,517
                   Share-based payments                       –              68,590                  –                –           68,590
                   Share issue expenses                  (9,545)                  –                  –                –           (9,545)
                   Dividends declared                         –                   –                  –       (4,200,000)      (4,200,000)

                   At 31 December 2020               14,008,766              68,590        (730,482)            102,976       13,449,850


      37. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

           The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 30
           March 2021.




112   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
