Independent Auditor’s Report
To the shareholders of CDL Investments New Zealand Limited

Report on the consolidated financial statements


  Opinion
  In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated              We have audited the accompanying consolidated
  financial statements of CDL Investments New                financial statements which comprise:
  Zealand Limited (the company) and its subsidiaries
                                                             — the consolidated statement of financial position
  (the group) on pages 1 to 17:
                                                                 as at 31 December 2018;
  i. present fairly in all material respects the Group’s
                                                             — the consolidated statements of comprehensive
     financial position as at 31 December 2018 and
                                                                 income, changes in equity and cash flows for
     its financial performance and cash flows for the
                                                                 the year then ended; and
     year ended on that date; and
                                                             — notes, including a summary of significant
  ii. comply with New Zealand Equivalents to
                                                                 accounting policies and other explanatory
      International Financial Reporting Standards and
                                                                 information.
      International Financial Reporting Standards.




           Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (‘ISAs (NZ)’). We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
We are independent of the group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1 (Revised) Code of
Ethics for Assurance Practitioners issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards Board and the
International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (IESBA
Code), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the
IESBA Code.
Our responsibilities under ISAs (NZ) are further described in the auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
consolidated financial statements section of our report.
Our firm has also provided other services to the group in relation to taxation compliance, taxation advisory and
scrutineering at the group’s annual meeting of shareholders. Subject to certain restrictions, partners and
employees of our firm may also deal with the group on normal terms within the ordinary course of trading
activities of the business of the group. These matters have not impaired our independence as auditor of the
group. The firm has no other relationship with, or interest in, the group.




           Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. Materiality helped us to determine the
nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of misstatements, both individually
and on the consolidated financial statements as a whole. The materiality for the consolidated financial
statements as a whole was set at $2.3 million determined with reference to a benchmark of group profit before
tax. We chose the benchmark because, in our view, this is a key measure of the group’s performance.




                                                                                                                    18
           Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements in the current period. We summarise below those matters and our key
audit procedures to address those matters in order that the shareholders as a body may better understand the
process by which we arrived at our audit opinion. Our procedures were undertaken in the context of and solely
for the purpose of our statutory audit opinion on the consolidated financial statements as a whole and we do not
express discrete opinions on separate elements of the consolidated financial statements

The key audit matter                      How the matter was addressed in our audit

Capitalisation and Allocation of Development Costs

Refer to note 8 of the consolidated       To assess the capitalisation of development costs we examined the
financial statements.                     operating effectiveness of the Group’s process to capitalise and record
                                          development costs. We then obtained invoices for a sample of
The group’s development property
                                          capitalised costs to check whether the nature of the expense met the
comprises land and costs incurred to
                                          capitalisation criteria in the accounting standards. We found no
develop land into subdivisions and
                                          exceptions.
individual properties for sale. At 31
December 2018 development                 Our procedures over the allocation of these development costs
properties amounted to $169.7             involved considering the costs capitalised to properties sold versus
million representing 80.6% of net         costs capitalised to the remaining properties in the portfolio, and in
assets in the consolidated statement      comparison to realised value upon sale. We also checked for
of financial position.                    consistency in approach between periods. The evidence we obtained
                                          demonstrated the allocation of costs was in line with our expectations.
Determining whether to capitalise or
expense costs relating to
development of the land is
subjective as it depends whether the
costs enhance the land or maintain
the current value. In addition there is
significant judgement in determining
how to allocate the costs to
individual properties.




           Other information
The Directors, on behalf of the group, are responsible for the other information included in the entity’s Annual
Report. Other information includes the Director’s review, disclosures relating to corporate governance, the trend
statement and financial summary and the other information included in the Annual Report. Our opinion on the
consolidated financial statements does not cover any other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears materially
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have received the Director’s Review and have nothing
to report in this regard. The Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this Independent
Auditors Report and we will report the matters identified, if any, to those charged with governance.




                                                                                                                   19
