 NZX Release



                                     Savor 2026 Half Year Results

26 November 2025


Savor Limited (NZX: SVR) (“Savor”, “the Company”, or with its subsidiaries “the Group”), New
Zealand’s premier hospitality group, today provides an update on the start of summer trading and
presents its results for the six month period ended 30 September 2025.


Highlights:

    •     Savor’s revenue for the period was $24.0m, a 6% decline on the prior period, as the Group’s
          approachable premium positioning continued to deliver value for customers in a period of
          pressure on discretionary spending.

    •     Savor’s operating earnings for the period were $1.9m, a reduction of 3% compared to the prior
          period, and represents an improved net extraction rate by 0.2% compared to the prior period.

    •     Savor recorded a net loss after tax of $1.1m compared to a loss of $1.1m in the prior period.

The market continues to be challenging, with the pressures of high inflation, increasing operating costs,
and more cautious consumer spending. Despite this, the Group has remained resolute in its
determination to protect margins and drive cost-out initiatives to reduce the impact on the bottom
line.

The contraction in operating earnings for the period relative to the contraction in revenue is testament
to this, as the reduction in Group overheads and operating costs has led to significant efficiencies and
improvements in profitability.


Trading update

Trading through the winter months has varied, however, momentum has continued to build
throughout the spring period, buoyed by a successful second year of the Savor Food Festival and the
return of major events to the central city. The resilience of the Group through the year to date
provides a good base to maximise returns through the significant summer trading period.

Subsequent to publishing these results the Group agreed new arrangements with key suppliers,
resulting in cash payments of $1.0m to be received prior to calendar year end.

These longstanding partnerships with suppliers are central to the Group’s offerings, and to be able to
renew these underscores the strength of our brands despite the challenging market conditions.

*Operating earnings means reported earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, impairment, amortisation and restructuring
costs, as reported in the Group’s Statement of Comprehensive Income.

 -ENDS-
Investor Enquiries
Tim Peat

CFO, Savor

Email: tim@savor.co.nz



About Savor
Savor, established in 2011, is one of New Zealand’s largest hospitality businesses with 18 iconic
venues in Auckland, including Amano, two Azabu’s, Ebisu, Bivacco and Non Solo Pizza, each with its
own unique concept, culture and offering. Savor opened its two latest venues, Bar Ziti and Flush
Golf in September 2025 in the Britomart precinct. Savor has a reputation for originality, the quality
of its products and the high standard of service that is consistent across the company portfolio.
