Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) No. 2138008M6MH9OZ6U2T68




              Continued strong execution drives another quarter
                            of sustained growth

21 July 2026 – Compass Group PLC, a global leader in food services, today announces trading
results for the third quarter ended 30 June 2026.

Strong performance

The Group delivered another strong quarter, with organic revenue growth of 7.1%. Net new
business growth accelerated into our 4 – 5% target range as expected, and we remain on track
to deliver net new growth at this level for the fifth consecutive year.

Client retention remained excellent at 96% and our pipeline of opportunities continues to
support confidence in future growth. Like-for-like growth was in line with our expectations, with
volumes in North America benefiting modestly from the Football World Cup. In International,
like-for-like growth moderated, reflecting lower inflation and Sports & Leisure calendar timings.



  Organic revenue growth1                                Q3 2026            Q3 YTD 2026

  North America                                           7.5%                  7.3%
  International                                           6.4%                  6.9%
  Group                                                   7.1%                  7.2%

Continued strong growth momentum

The fragmented $360bn outsourcing food services market remains highly attractive. Compass
continues to capture a significant share of this large and growing opportunity. Over the last 12
months, the Group secured $4.3bn2 of new business wins, up 16% year-on-year, with 50% of
new business wins from first time outsourcing.

Business & Industry remains our strongest performing sector, delivering double-digit organic
growth and generating more than $2bn2 of new business across different industries. We
continue to support leading AI hyperscalers across the data centre ecosystem, providing food
and support services across both construction and operational phases, leveraging our
expertise in complex, infrastructure-intensive environments.

Sports & Leisure in our International region continues to grow strongly, with a significant
contribution from first-time outsourcing, highlighting the sizeable opportunity in an
underpenetrated market as venues invest to elevate the fan experience and unlock the full
commercial potential of their operations.
Education continues to build momentum following a record selling season across K-12 and
Higher Education. The recent University of Kentucky win, our largest in the sector to date,
highlights the growing demand for integrated solutions across campus and healthcare
environments, further demonstrating the power of our sectorisation strategy, with multiple
Compass brands working together at scale.

Healthcare & Senior Living continues to represent a significant long-term opportunity. In North
America, six of our top 20 new business wins this year were in the sector, reflecting the strength
of our sectorised approach and differentiated proposition.

Defence, Offshore & Remote continues to benefit from increased investment in defence and
energy infrastructure, underpinned by our expertise in delivering essential services in remote
and logistically demanding locations.

Investing in growth

Whilst capex is trending around 3.5% of sales for the year to date, we expect this percentage
to be slightly elevated at full year due to the timing of client mobilisations.

The Group’s net expenditure on M&A was $2.4bn for the year to date, broadly unchanged from
its position at the half year.

Reiterating 2026 guidance

Strong execution and continued growth momentum gives us confidence in delivering
underlying operating profit growth of above 11% in constant currency. This is driven by:

•   Around 7% organic revenue growth
•   Around 2% profit growth from M&A
•   Ongoing margin progression

Dominic Blakemore, CEO of Compass Group, said:

“Our business continues to perform strongly, driven by the strength of our sector-focused
model, disciplined execution and resilient client demand. We are winning market share across
multiple sectors, supported by the strongest pipeline of opportunities we have ever seen.

With an addressable market exceeding $360bn and significant opportunities to further increase
penetration, we remain confident in delivering another year of strong earnings growth and
continued margin progression.”

Currency

If current spot rates were to continue for the remainder of the year, foreign exchange translation
would positively impact 2025 revenue by $438m3 and operating profit by $23m3.


1 Year-on-year change
2 Annual revenue of new business wins in the last 12 months
3 Based on spot rates as of 15 July 2026
Conference call

There will be a live Q&A session for analysts and investors at 12pm BST. Please connect to
the call at least 10 minutes prior to the start time by dialling:
 UK Toll Number:                                               +44 (0) 33 0551 0200
 UK Toll-Free Number:                                          0808 109 0700
 New York Number:                                              +1 786 697 3501
 US Toll-Free Number:                                          866 580 3963
 Please reference: COMPASS

Financial calendar
Payment date for 2026 interim dividend                                          30 July 2026
Full year results                                                         24 November 2026

About Compass Group PLC

Compass Group is a global leader in food services, operating in over 25 countries, with over
590,000 employees worldwide and generating underlying revenues of over $46bn for the 2025
fiscal year. Our core focus is the provision of outsourced food services and targeted support
services. Compass Group operates across five sectors: Business & Industry, Healthcare &
Senior Living, Education, Sports & Leisure, and Defence, Offshore & Remote, using a portfolio
of bespoke B2B brands.

Enquiries

Investors            Agatha Donnelly, Simon Bielecki                       +44 1932 573 000

Press                Tim Danaher, Brunswick                                +44 207 404 5959

Website              www.compass-group.com
Forward-looking statements
Certain information included in this Announcement is forward-looking and involves risks,
assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements cover all matters
which are not historical facts and include, without limitation, the direct and indirect future impacts
and implications of: public health crises on the economy, nationally and internationally, and on the
Group, its operations and prospects; risks associated with changes in environmental scenarios and
related regulations including (without limitation) the evolution and development of the global
transition to a low-carbon economy (including increasing societal and investor expectations);
disruptions and inefficiencies in supply chains (such as resulting from the wars in Ukraine and the
Middle East); future domestic and global political, economic and business conditions (such as
inflation or the UK’s exit from the EU or changes in global trade policies and conditions); projections
relating to results of operations and financial conditions and the Company’s plans and objectives
for future operations, including, without limitation, discussions of expected future revenues,
financing plans and expected expenditures and divestments; risks associated with changes in
economic conditions, levels of economic growth and the strength of the food and support services
markets in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates; fluctuations in food and other product
costs and labour costs; prices and changes in exchange and interest rates; and the impacts of
technological advancements. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-
looking terminology, including terms such as ‘believes’, ‘estimates’, ‘anticipates’, ‘expects’,
‘forecasts’, ‘intends’, ‘plans’, ‘projects’, ‘goal’, ‘target’, ‘aim’, ‘may’, ‘will’, ‘would’, ‘could’ or ‘should’
or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology.

Forward-looking statements in this Announcement are not guarantees of future performance. All
forward-looking statements in this Announcement are based upon information known to the
Company on the date of this Announcement. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that any
particular expectation will be met and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-
looking statements when making their investment decisions. Additionally, forward-looking
statements regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation or warranty
that such trends or activities will continue in the future. Other than in accordance with its legal or
regulatory obligations (including under the UK Listing Rules and the Disclosure Guidance and
Transparency Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority), the Company undertakes no obligation to
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. Nothing in this Announcement shall exclude any liability under
applicable laws that cannot be excluded in accordance with such laws.
