Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) No. 2138008M6MH9OZ6U2T68




5 February 2026 – Compass Group PLC, a global leader in food services, reports strong first
quarter results for the period ended 31 December 2025, ahead of the Company’s AGM at
10.30am today in London.


                Strong start to the year, Vermaat acquisition completed

Compass delivered another quarter of consistent growth and strategic progress with organic
revenue increasing by 7.3% in Q1.


 Q1 2026                                                 Group   North America     International

 Organic revenue growth1                                 7.3%        7.3%              7.1%


We delivered strong performances across both regions and all sectors, with Sports & Leisure
(S&L) and Business & Industry (B&I) remaining our fastest-growing areas. B&I achieved
double-digit organic growth in North America, driven by robust first-time outsourcing (FTO) wins
and continued expansion within the technology sector.

Net new business growth was within the 4–5% range, underpinned by strong client retention
above 96%. Pricing moderated as anticipated in a lower inflation environment, while volumes
continued to contribute positively to growth.

Annualised new business wins totalled $4bn 2, up 10% year on year, with nearly half generated
from FTO.

Vermaat acquisition adds capability and talent in Europe

Compass completed the acquisition of Vermaat, a leading food services business in the
Netherlands, for $1.7bn in December 2025. Vermaat strengthens Compass’ position across
multiple sectors in the Netherlands, France, and Germany with high quality food offers, strong
retail expertise, and exceptional talent. Including Vermaat, total first quarter M&A investment was
$1.9bn.

Compass to change LSE Trading Currency from GBP to USD

With effect from 1 April 2026, Compass intends to change the trading currency of its Ordinary
Shares on the London Stock Exchange (LSE) from sterling (GBP) to US dollars (USD). This
transition aligns the Group’s share price trading currency with its reporting currency, reducing FX
volatility in the share price and simplifying the investment case for global investors.

The change will not affect Compass Group’s FTSE index inclusion or its LSE listing. Dividends
will continue to be paid in sterling unless shareholders elect to receive them in USD.
Summary and guidance

Compass began the year with strong momentum across all regions and sectors, with S&L and
B&I continuing to perform particularly well.

The strategic integration of Vermaat is now underway, providing us with additional capabilities
and talent to further drive growth, as we replicate our proven and successful North America M&A
blueprint in Europe.

We reaffirm 2026 guidance and continue to expect around 10% underlying operating profit
growth (constant currency), driven by:

       •    Around 7% organic revenue growth
       •    Around 2% profit growth from M&A
       •    Ongoing margin progression

Dominic Blakemore, CEO of Compass Group, said:

“We have delivered a strong start to the year with broad based growth across every region and
sector. The momentum in our B&I segment, particularly in North America, reflects the strength
of our model and the value we continue to deliver for clients.

The acquisition of Vermaat expands our capabilities in key European markets and will further
accelerate growth. With strong new business wins, disciplined execution, and a clear strategy,
we remain confident in our outlook and our ability to drive sustainable, long-term value for
shareholders.”

Currency

If current spot rates were to continue for the remainder of the year, foreign exchange translation
would positively impact 2025 revenue by $630 million 3 and operating profit by $33 million3.

Sectorisation deep dive next week

The Group will share a virtual deep dive on 9 February 2026 to outline its sectorisation strategy,
including further detail on Vermaat and Compass’ portfolio of brands.

1 Year-on-year change
2 Annual revenue of new business wins in the last 12 months
3
    Based on spot rates as of 30 January 2026


Conference call

There will be a live Q&A session for sell-side analysts at 9.00am.
Please connect to the call at least 10 minutes prior to the start time by dialling:
    UK Toll Number:                                                       +44 (0) 33 0551 0200
    UK Toll-Free Number:                                                        0808 109 0700
    US Toll Number:                                                            +1 786 697 3501
    US Toll-Free Number:                                                       +1 866 580 3963
    Please reference COMPASS
Financial calendar

Half year results                                                                    11 May 2026
Q3 trading update                                                                    21 July 2026
Full year results                                                               24 November 2026


Enquiries

Investors                   Agatha Donnelly, Simon Bielecki                       +44 1932 573 000
Press                       Amy Shields, Compass Group                            +44 1932 573 000
                            Tim Danaher, Brunswick                                +44 207 404 5959
Website                     www.compass-group.com

Forward-looking statements

Certain information included in this Announcement is forward looking and involves risks,
assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements cover all
matters which are not historical facts and include, without limitation, the direct and indirect future
impacts and implications of: public health crises on the economy, nationally and internationally,
and on the Group, its operations and prospects; risks associated with changes in environmental
scenarios and related regulations including (without limitation) the evolution and development of
the global transition to a low carbon economy (including increasing societal and investor
expectations); disruptions and inefficiencies in supply chains (such as resulting from the wars in
Ukraine and the Middle East); future domestic and global political, economic and business
conditions (such as inflation or the UK’s exit from the EU or changes in global trade policies and
conditions); projections relating to results of operations and financial conditions and the
Company’s plans and objectives for future operations, including, without limitation, discussions
of expected future revenues, financing plans and expected expenditures and divestments; risks
associated with changes in economic conditions, levels of economic growth and the strength of
the food and support services markets in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates;
fluctuations in food and other product costs and labour costs; prices and changes in exchange
and interest rates; and the impacts of technological advancements.
Forward looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including
terms such as ‘believes’, ‘estimates’, ‘anticipates’, ‘expects’, ‘forecasts’, ‘intends’, ‘plans’,
‘projects’, ‘goal’, ‘target’, ‘aim’, ‘may’, ‘will’, ‘would’, ‘could’ or ‘should’ or, in each case, their
negative or other variations or comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements Forward-
looking statements in this Announcement are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-
looking statements in this Announcement are based upon information known to the Company on
the date of this Announcement. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that any particular
expectation will be met and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements when making their investment decisions. Additionally, forward-looking statements
regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation or warranty that such
trends or activities will continue in the future. Other than in accordance with its legal or regulatory
obligations (including under the UK Listing Rules and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency
Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority), the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise. Nothing in this Announcement shall exclude any liability under applicable
laws that cannot be excluded in accordance with such laws.
