For personal use only


                        Annual Report


                        2024
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Highlights 2024




                                       Over                                            Record                   69.5%
                                      502,000                                         year for                  of our 2.6 million
                                                                                                            Group Active Customers1
                                   Kogan FIRST Subscribers
                                   with over 25% growth YoY                           Verticals               are repeat shoppers

                                                                                      with $20.0m revenue




For personal use only




                        1.   Combined Active Customers of Kogan.com and Mighty Ape at 30 June 2024.
                                                                                                                    kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Improved                                            $40.0m                                            15.0 cps
                        operating                                            Adjusted EBITDA2                                dividend with strong
                                                                                                                                Balance Sheet

                         leverage
                           delivering strong
                        bottom line profitability




For personal use only




                           CONTENTS

                           02   Chairman’s Letter                           44 Environmental, Social                         94 Consolidated Entity
                           04   Founder & CEO’s Report                         and Governance                                    Disclosure Statement
                           06   Operating & Financial Review                46 Auditor’s Independence Declaration            95 Directors’ Declaration
                           20   Directors’ Report                           47 Financial Report                              96 Independent Auditor’s Report
                           27   Remuneration Report                         52 Notes to the Financial Statements             101 Shareholder Information
                                                                                                                             104 Corporate Directory

                           2.   Non-IFRS measure. Adjusted EBITDA excludes non-cash items such as unrealised gains/(losses), and equity-based compensation,
                                and one-off non-recurring items.

                                                                                                                                                               01
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Chairman’s Letter


                                                                                   It is with great pleasure that I present the
                                                                                   FY24 Annual Report for Kogan.com Ltd
                                                                                   (Kogan.com; the Company). This year
                                                                                   we achieved a return to strong operating
                                                                                   leverage and profitability. Key achievements
                                                                                   during the year included the growth of our
                                                                                   Kogan FIRST community to over 502,000
                                                                                   Subscribers, a record year of Verticals
                                                                                   Revenue, and seeing the renewed growth
                                                                                   of our Products Division during the final
                                                                                   quarter. This return to strength has allowed
                                                                                   the Board to continue the Share buy-back




For personal use only
                                                                                   program and reinstate a Dividend of
                                                                                   15.0 cents per Ordinary Share for FY24.




                        Dear Kogan.com Shareholders,                               The Kogan FIRST loyalty program plays a pivotal role
                                                                                   in our strategy by rewarding our most loyal customers
                        FY24 has been an outstanding year for the Company.
                                                                                   with exclusive discounts on millions of products and
                        We served over 2.6 million customers, recorded
                                                                                   essential services, prize giveaways, free shipping, Kogan
                        Adjusted EBITDA of 40.0 million, maintained a healthy
                                                                                   reward credits, and double Qantas points. This year,
                        Balance Sheet with no debt, continued our share
                                                                                   Kogan FIRST grew to over half-a-million subscribers,
                        buy-back and reintroduced dividends this year.
                                                                                   representing over 25% year-on-year growth. This strong
                        These results demonstrate our focused strategy
                                                                                   subscriber growth underscores the program’s success
                        on operational efficiency and commitment
                                                                                   and its resonance with our customers. As we continue
                        to delivering exceptional value for both our
                                                                                   to prioritise operational efficiency, Kogan FIRST is key
                        customers and shareholders.
                                                                                   to our strategy to deepen customer loyalty, improve
                        At Kogan.com, operational efficiency is at the core        marketing ROI and drive sustainable business growth.
                        of our business strategy. By streamlining our processes,
                                                                                   Our Verticals deliver a wide range of essential
                        we’re able to manage operating costs, improve
                                                                                   services, including telecommunications, utilities,
                        productivity, and deliver exceptional value to our
                                                                                   insurance, and credit cards; serving hundreds
                        customers. This focus on efficiency not only helps
                                                                                   of thousands of customers each year. In FY24, the
                        us maintain competitive pricing but also enables us
                                                                                   division achieved a record year, with revenue growing
                        to quickly adapt to market changes. Our financial
                                                                                   20.5% to $20.0 million, highlighting the strength of our
                        results this year demonstrate this approach. Our Gross
                                                                                   offerings. This year also marked the exciting launch
                        Margin and Contribution Margin of 36.6% and 22.5%,
                                                                                   of Mighty Mobile in New Zealand, further expanding
                        respectively, is the highest it has ever been, while
                                                                                   our services portfolio, and marks the first in a series
                        our Adjusted EBITDA margin of 8.7% is back to our
                                                                                   of planned Verticals launches with Mighty Ape.
                        historical strong performance.
                        A key driver of our operational efficiency has been
                        the growing contribution of Platform-based Sales.
                        In FY24, these sales accounted for 62% of Kogan.com’s
                        Gross Sales (excluding Mighty Ape), up from 57%
                        in FY23. Revenue from Platform-based Sales delivers
                        100% Gross Margin, with minimal operating overheads,
                        making it a highly efficient and scalable part of our
                        business. The primary factors behind this year’s growth
                        have been the continued success of Kogan FIRST and
                        our Verticals.




                        02
                                                                                             kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Throughout the year, we effectively managed our            OUR TEAM
                        Balance Sheet and working capital, supported by the
                        strong operating leverage we achieved. This resulted       On behalf of the Kogan.com leadership, I want to
                        in $28.2 million in operating cash flow, enabling key      sincerely thank each member of our incredible team.
                        strategic investments. These included a $23.8 million      Your unwavering commitment and dedication have
                        contribution to our ongoing share buy-back program,        been crucial to our success. Despite the challenges
                        the final tranche payment of $10.9 million for the         faced, your tireless efforts have allowed us to
                        Mighty Ape acquisition, a $13.4 million cash-settlement    continue delivering exceptional results. Your hard
                        for Executive Options, and the payment of a $6.5 million   work is truly appreciated.
                        Interim Dividend, net of the Dividend Reinvestment
                        Plan. We ended the year with $41.2 million of cash and     DIVIDEND & CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
                        no debt, reflecting our commitment to delivering value
                        to shareholders while maintaining financial discipline     Following the outstanding results of FY24, the




For personal use only
                        and investing in the company’s long-term growth.           Board was delighted to declare a total Dividend
                                                                                   of 15.0 cents Per Ordinary Share, fully franked.
                        During FY24, we maintained a majority independent          The Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) was
                        Board, along with independent Audit & Risk                 available for the FY24 Interim Dividend and the
                        and Remuneration & Nomination Committees.                  DRP will also be available for the FY24 Final Dividend.
                        Our dedication to maintaining rigorous governance
                        standards and strong risk management practices             In FY24, Kogan.com continued its share buy-back
                        remains unwavering across all aspects of our business.     program, purchasing 4,465,514 shares during the
                        We are committed to ensuring transparency,                 year. This represented 4.2% of the shares on issue.
                        accountability, and integrity in our operations.           The buy-back program was extended until May 2025,
                                                                                   with the Board continuing to focus on maximising
                        Our Corporate Governance Statement and other               returns to shareholders.
                        policies and charters are available on the Company’s
                        corporate website, www.kogancorporate.com.
                                                                                   LOOKING AHEAD
                        STRATEGIC OPPORTUNITIES                                    Thanks to the exceptional year we’ve had in FY24, the
                                                                                   Board is confident that Kogan.com is well positioned
                        Looking forward to FY25, we anticipate further             for another strong year in FY25 and beyond. We are
                        improvements in our Gross Margin and operating             excited to deliver even greater value to our customers
                        leverage, driven by strong contributions and expansion     and shareholders as we move forward, building on our
                        of our Platform-based Sales. Expansion will be driven      strong platform and driving sustainable growth for
                        by new Verticals as well as the soon to be launched        the future.
                        Mighty Ape Marketplace. Our Products Division
                        returned to growth in the final quarter of FY24, and
                        we expect this positive momentum to carry forward
                        into the new year. Following a record year, we remain
                        confident that Kogan Verticals will continue to expand.
                                                                                   Greg Ridder
                        We expect further growth and improvement in the
                                                                                   Chairman
                        Kogan FIRST and Mighty Ape PRIMATE loyalty programs.




                                                                                                                                             03
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Founder & CEO’s Report


                                                                                   In FY24 both of our loyalty programs,
                                                                                   Kogan FIRST and Mighty Ape PRIMATE,
                                                                                   saw impressive double-digit growth in
                                                                                   subscriptions, as more shoppers embraced
                                                                                   their remarkable value. This growing
                                                                                   community has been a key driver
                                                                                   of our success this year.




For personal use only
                        Dear Kogan.com Shareholders,                               A key pillar of our success this year has been the
                                                                                   continued growth of our Platform-based Sales,
                        I’m pleased to share with you the results of
                                                                                   which includes Kogan Marketplace, Verticals,
                        Kogan.com Ltd for FY24. It has been a year
                                                                                   Kogan FIRST and our newly launched Advertising
                        in which we have showcased the strength and
                                                                                   Platform. Platform-based Sales are central to our
                        resilience of our business model, and is testament
                                                                                   strategy to deliver scalable, high-margin, recurring
                        to the dedication of our team, and the loyalty
                                                                                   revenue streams. In FY24, our Platform-based Sales
                        of our customers. Our return to profitability
                                                                                   contributed more than 53% of the Group’s Gross Profit.
                        with a strong Balance Sheet has ensured we are
                                                                                   In the first half of this year we added Mighty Mobile
                        very well positioned to continue delivering
                                                                                   and the Kogan Advertising Platform to the portfolio.
                        remarkable value to millions of customers
                                                                                   Both have performed well since launch.
                        well into the future.
                                                                                   Our loyalty programs, Kogan FIRST and Mighty Ape
                        We achieved Gross Sales of $809.0 million, and
                                                                                   PRIMATE, have also been critical to our success in FY24.
                        Revenue of $459.7 million. While this represented
                                                                                   Kogan FIRST subscriptions grew by more than 25%,
                        a slight decline from the previous year, we achieved
                                                                                   reaching over 502,000 Subscribers by 30 June 2024.
                        an impressive improvement in Gross Margin, which
                                                                                   This program has become a cornerstone of our business,
                        increased by 8.7pp to 36.6%. This improvement was
                                                                                   with Kogan FIRST Subscribers accounting for over 61%
                        driven by the growth of our higher-margin, capital-light
                                                                                   of Kogan.com’s (excluding Mighty Ape) Gross Sales.
                        Platform-based Sales, which contributed 62%
                                                                                   The loyalty and repeat purchasing behaviour of these
                        of Kogan.com’s (excluding Mighty Ape) Gross Sales.
                                                                                   customers had a significant impact on our marketing
                        We recorded Adjusted EBITDA of $40.0 million,
                                                                                   efficiency, as we continue to grow this valuable
                        a substantial increase from FY23, and we delivered
                                                                                   community. We also placed renewed focus on the
                        a total dividend of 15 cents per Ordinary Share,
                                                                                   Mighty Ape PRIMATE program this year, and the
                        fully franked.
                                                                                   results speak for themselves. We achieved strong
                                                                                   growth, with Subscribers increasing by more than
                                                                                   35% during the year. We are continuing to improve
                                                                                   and expand both programs, and look forward
                                                                                   to welcoming many more Subscribers in FY25.




                        04
                                                                                              kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        This year, we made significant strides in streamlining      FY25 & BEYOND
                        our operations and improving efficiency across the
                        business. Our focus on maintaining healthy levels of        “We have significant and exciting initiatives planned
                        inventory and improving our Gross Margin delivered          for launch in FY25. This includes the launch of the new
                        positive results. Throughout the year we held               Mighty Ape Marketplace in the new financial year.
                        approximately 40% less inventory on average                 This initiative will further strengthen Mighty Ape’s
                        than FY23, allowing us to operate more efficiently          position in the New Zealand market and contribute
                        while maintaining strong product offerings for our          to the growth of the Group’s Platform-based Sales.”
                        customers. This reduction allowed for better capital        As we look to FY25 and beyond, we are excited about
                        management, and helped us to achieve a 39% increase         the opportunities ahead. We are confident that our
                        in Gross Profit in the Products Division. Importantly,      strategic focus on Platform-based Sales and return
                        our Products Division, which offers both our Exclusive      to growth of our Products Division, combined with
                        and Third-Party Brands inventory, returned to revenue




For personal use only
                                                                                    the continued enhancement of our loyalty programs
                        growth in the final quarter of the year, following a        and the launch of new initiatives such as the Mighty
                        positive trend in the first three quarters. This Division   Ape Marketplace, will drive further growth and
                        provides unique offerings that make customers want to       profitability for the Group.
                        return, which is why it is fundamental to our operations.
                                                                                    We remain committed to delivering remarkable value
                        Mighty Ape achieved Adjusted EBITDA of $7.4 million         to our customers, helping them to live their best lives.
                        this year. The continued initiative to grow the Mighty      Our business is well-positioned to continue thriving
                        Ape private label offering delivered Gross Margin           in a competitive and rapidly changing environment,
                        growth of 7.7% in FY24, despite a very challenging          and we are excited about the next chapter of growth
                        retail market. This offset a revenue decline, to grow       for Kogan.com.
                        Gross Profit by 2.0% year-on-year. Ongoing operational
                        initiatives, including the new Christchurch warehouse
                        to better serve the New Zealand South island
                        community, did however increase operating costs
                        during the year. Finally, we announced a leadership         Ruslan Kogan
                        change during the second half of the year, with             Founder & CEO
                        Daniel Balasoglou being appointed CEO of Mighty Ape,
                        following a successful period as its CFO.
                        As a result of a fantastic financial year and maintenance
                        of a strong cash position and overall Balance Sheet, we
                        reintroduced a dividend for our Shareholders. This year
                        we have announced a total dividend of 15.0 cents per
                        Ordinary Share, with the Dividend Reinvestment Plan
                        being available.




                                                                                                                                           05
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Operating & Financial Review

                        ORGANISATIONAL OVERVIEW & BUSINESS MODEL


                             OUR BUSINESS MODEL
                             Kogan.com is a leading Australian consumer brand renowned for price leadership through digital
                             efficiency. It is a portfolio of retail and service businesses that includes Kogan Retail, Mighty Ape,
                             Kogan Marketplace and Verticals. The Company is focused on helping customers live their best lives
                             by delivering remarkable value.
                             We have established a dynamic business model that allows us to be nimble, bold and innovative.
                             Over the years we have added much loved brands such as Dick Smith, Matt Blatt, Mighty Ape and
                             Brosa to the Kogan Group. We harness our platform to seize opportunities like the Kogan Marketplace




For personal use only
                             and partner with industry leading companies to offer our Verticals, driving growth and bringing
                             best-in-market offers to our millions of customers.
                             Our objective is to continue growing our portfolio of businesses, while also delivering exceptional value
                             and service to our customers.




                                                                   WHO WE ARE
                                                                   Kogan.com is an Australian eCommerce company, focused on making the most
                                                                   in-demand products and services more affordable and accessible. We have built
                                                                   a vertically integrated eCommerce business across Australia and New Zealand,
                                                                   with millions of products on our platform as well as offering everyday essential
                                                                   services in partnership with industry leaders such as TPG and NAB.
                                                                   As at 30 June 2024, we had 2,609,000 Group Active Customers3. Within this
                                                                   group, we had over 502,000 Kogan FIRST Subscribers4, who received exclusive
                                                                   deals, discounts, draw entries for prize giveaways and reward points every time
                                                                   they shop with us.

                                                                   Kogan Retail & Kogan Marketplace
                                                                   Kogan.com’s technology and sourcing driven business model is more than just
                                                                   an innovative, low cost distribution platform. In combining data analytics, systems
                                                                   and culture with the deep technological expertise of its management and team,
                                                                   Kogan.com has created a vertically integrated business model with a market
                                                                   leading Exclusive Brands capability. This is complemented by a compelling range
                                                                   of in-demand Third-Party Brands, supporting website traffic and cash generation.
                                                                   Kogan Marketplace partners with thousands of select sellers and distributors,
                                                                   giving them access to our Kogan Community, in addition to our marketing and
                                                                   online distribution capability. Our curated marketplace works with sellers and
                                                                   distributors who generate incremental sales with exposure on the Kogan.com
                                                                   platform and marketing initiatives to the Kogan Community. In FY24 the
                                                                   Advertising Platform was introduced, allowing Kogan Marketplace sellers
                                                                   to gain further prominence on the platform to drive further sales.




                        3.   Group Active Customers refers to unique customers who have purchased in the last twelve months from reference date on either the Kogan.com
                             or Mighty Ape platforms, rounded down to the nearest thousand.
                        4.   Kogan FIRST Subscribers excludes Kogan FIRST customers who are in a trial period, and includes only non-trial members.




                        06
                                                               kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Kogan FIRST
                        Kogan FIRST loyalty program was launched in the last quarter of FY19, and grew
                        to over 502,000 subscribers at 30 June 2024, representing 25.0% growth
                        year-on-year.
                        Kogan FIRST Subscribers4 are offered exclusive deals on top of everyday
                        discounts on the platform, Kogan FIRST Reward Credits, free shipping, double
                        Qantas Rewards points, entries to win major prizes and priority Customer Care.

                        Kogan Mobile Australia
                        Kogan Mobile Australia launched in October 2015 offering pre-paid mobile
                        phone plans online. We partner with part of TPG to deliver this essential service.




For personal use only
                        The unique model means that TPG is responsible for operations, while Kogan
                        is responsible for branding, marketing and customer acquisition.

                        Kogan Travel
                        Kogan Travel originally launched in May 2015 and was temporarily paused during
                        the COVID-19 pandemic. Kogan Travel, in partnership with TRAVLR, now gives
                        Kogan FIRST members exclusive access to deals on hotels, results and holiday
                        travel packages.

                        Kogan Insurance
                        Kogan Insurance launched in August 2017 to offer general insurance, covering
                        home, contents, landlord, car and travel insurance, with a focus on value for
                        money. Following a new agreement during FY22, QBE underwrites our general
                        insurance policies, with Kogan.com earning commission on the sale of all
                        insurance policies. Similarly to our other Verticals, Kogan.com provides
                        branding, marketing and customer acquisition for all insurance offerings.

                        Kogan Internet
                        Under an expanded partnership with part of TPG that was announced
                        in June 2017, Kogan Internet launched in April 2018, providing fixed line
                        NBN plans.

                        Kogan Mobile New Zealand
                        Kogan Mobile New Zealand launched in 1HFY20 in partnership with One NZ,
                        offering telecommunications services in New Zealand. One NZ is New Zealand’s
                        largest mobile network operator.

                        Kogan Energy
                        Kogan Energy offers competitive power and gas deals and was launched
                        in September 2019 in partnership with part of Shell Energy Operations Pty Ltd.

                        Kogan Money Credit Cards
                        Kogan Credit Cards, in partnership with NAB, is a credit card with uncapped
                        Kogan reward points, no annual fee, complimentary Kogan FIRST membership,
                        and competitive rates and fees. It was launched in October 2019.

                        Dick Smith
                        In 2016, Kogan.com acquired Dick Smith, one of Australia’s premier
                        consumer electronics brands and a pioneer of the consumer electronics
                        industry in Australia.




                                                                                                             07
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Operating & Financial Review continued



                                                Matt Blatt
                                                In May 2020, Kogan.com acquired Matt Blatt, one of Australia’s premier furniture
                                                and homewares brands and a pioneer of the online furniture industry in Australia.

                                                Mighty Ape
                                                In December 2020, Kogan.com acquired Mighty Ape, one of New Zealand’s largest
                                                online retailers with a focus on gaming, toys and other entertainment categories.

                                                Brosa
                                                In December 2022, Kogan.com acquired Brosa, one of Australia’s largest
                                                online luxury furniture retailers.




For personal use only
                                                Mighty Mobile
                                                Represents the first Vertical introduced through the Mighty Ape Brand.
                                                It was launched in August 2023 in partnership with One NZ, offering
                                                telecommunication services in New Zealand.

                                                Mighty Ape PRIMATE
                                                The Mighty Ape loyalty program grew by over 35% in FY24, as renewed focus
                                                was placed on the program. It offers free shipping, discounted Jungle Express
                                                delivery, exclusive deals on Mighty Ape Travel and early access to exclusive deals.




                        08
                                                                                                    kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        HOW WE DELIVER VALUE TO OUR CUSTOMERS:
                        Compelling offering:
                        We aim to bring market leading prices to our customers on in‑demand products and services across our portfolio
                        of businesses.
                        We achieve this by leveraging our 18+ years’ experience in Exclusive Brands and Third‑Party Brands offering.
                        We also use the strength of the Kogan platform to partner with thousands of Marketplace sellers and industry
                        leaders across our many Verticals.
                        We are able to pass on savings to customers by streamlining and minimising overheads in our supply chains
                        and marketing.

                        Customer-centric approach and industry leading IT platform:




For personal use only
                        The Kogan.com platform is renowned for price leadership through digital efficiency. We believe ‘There is always
                        a better way’ and our vision is to harness the power of technology and personalisation to change the way our
                        customers shop online.
                        Understanding and servicing our customers’ needs is central to what we do. We employ the power of technology
                        and personalisation to offer a seamless shopping experience. Our data analytics capability enable us to know what
                        our customers want and when they want it. Our investment in automation has driven faster fulfilment of products and
                        services, leading to happier customers.
                        Along with data analytics, we are investing in AI to optimise our marketing campaigns and merchandising, making
                        our offers more relevant than ever. Our projects today include improved search results for our customers and we’re
                        shortly rolling out immediate customer service resolutions, any time of day.
                        As the technology improves, we anticipate leveraging generative AI to dynamically create in-situ product placement
                        images. This will enable customers to personalise the product images to their environment, and provide savings
                        on expensive product staging and photography costs.

                        High margin Platform-based Sales
                        Since the launch of the first Vertical in 2013, Kogan.com has steadily been building its portfolio of Platform-based Sales.
                        Today these sales are generated from Kogan Verticals, Kogan Marketplace, Kogan FIRST and Advertising. It excludes
                        sales from the Products Division and Mighty Ape.
                        In FY23, Kogan.com reached a significant milestone, with the majority of Gross Sales (excluding Mighty Ape)
                        coming from Platform-based Sales for the first time. This contribution continued to grow in FY24, reaching 62%.
                        This growth has driven increased profitability, enabling Kogan.com to adopt a more capital-light operating model with
                        higher levels of recurring revenue. The strategic shift towards Platform-based Sales has been vital in strengthening
                        the company’s resilience and long-term sustainability.
                        Kogan.com remains focused on identifying new opportunities to further expand its Platform-based sales portfolio.
                        In August 2023, the business launched Mighty Mobile, and it plans to introduce the Mighty Ape Marketplace alongside
                        additional Verticals in the first half of FY25.




                                                                                                                                                09
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Operating & Financial Review continued


                        Figure 1.1 Kogan.com (excluding Mighty Ape) Platform-Based5 Gross Sales contribution



                                                                                                                                                                                      62%
                                                                                                                                                                    57%

                                                                                                                                                 48%


                                                                                                                               38%
                                                                                                            36%

                                                                                          27%




For personal use only
                                                     4%                 5%
                                                    FY17               FY18              FY19               FY20              FY21               FY22              FY23               FY24


                        Kogan FIRST
                        The Kogan FIRST program is the largest driver of Platform-based Sales. In FY24, the subscriber base grew to over
                        502,000, reflecting a 25% year-on-year increase. Over the past three years, the program achieved a compound
                        annual growth rate of 60.7%, underscoring its strong long-term growth and sustained success.
                        The Kogan FIRST Subscribers are very important to Kogan.com’s success. Although they represent just 26.3% of
                        Kogan.com’s (excluding Mighty Ape) Active Customer base, they account for over 61% of Kogan.com’s Gross Sales
                        (excluding Mighty Ape). This highlights the strong loyalty and repeat purchasing behaviour of Kogan FIRST Subscribers,
                        making them a key driver of the Company’s financial performance.

                        Figure 1.2 Kogan FIRST Subscribers
                                                                        60.7% 3-year CAGR
                                                                                              +25.0% YoY

                                                                                                      502,000




                        Kogan FIRST Subscribers
                                                                                      401,594
                                                                     372,684




                                                     120,352



                                                      FY21             FY22            FY23             FY24




                        5.                        Refers to sales generated by Kogan Marketplace, Kogan FIRST, Kogan Verticals and Advertising & Other Income. It excludes sales by Exclusive
                                                  Brands, Third-Party Brands and Mighty Ape.




                        10
                                                                                                      kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                             THE KOGAN.COM PLATFORM
                             The Kogan.com Platform is one of the Company’s most significant assets. It is what has allowed the business to drive
                             its expansion into Platform-based Sales over the years. In FY24 it was underpinned by 2,609,000 Active Customers
                             across Australia and New Zealand. This comprised 1,909,000 for Kogan.com and 700,000 for Mighty Ape. Of particular
                             significance was the proportion of repeat customers during the year, with the proportion following the positive
                             historical trend and increasing to 69.5% in FY24. This repeat shopping behaviour highlights the remarkable value
                             we’re able to offer to our customers, driving higher customer retention and deepening their engagement with our
                             platform. The consistent increase in repeat customers not only strengthens our revenue streams but also underscores
                             the value we deliver for our customers. By fostering loyalty and delivering a seamless shopping experience, we continue
                             to build long-term value and position Kogan.com for sustained growth in the years ahead. This foundation of loyal
                             customers is crucial as we expand into new verticals and develop additional services, ensuring that our platform
                             remains a key driver of future success.




For personal use only
                             Figure 2.1 Proportion of Group Repeat Customers
                        75

                                                                             69.5%
                                                                 67.9%
                                                      65.0%


                                           58.3%
                             (%)

                                   51.0%




                        40
                                   FY20    FY21       FY22        FY23       FY24


                             Marketing efficiency
                             Our owned and earned traffic sources remained strong at 68% for the period, underscoring the effectiveness of
                             our marketing strategies. This success is further strengthened by the growing number of repeat customers and
                             the expansion of our Kogan FIRST and Mighty Ape PRIMATE subscriber bases, both of which have significantly
                             improved overall marketing effectiveness.
                             The focus of Kogan.com’s (excluding Mighty Ape) marketing efforts has shifted primarily toward expanding the
                             Kogan FIRST program. Through strong retention results and the amplified impact from word-of-mouth, marketing
                             spend per Kogan FIRST Subscriber reduced by 9.2% year-on-year, while the program membership grew by 25.0%.




                                                                                                                                                  11
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Operating & Financial Review continued


                        Figure 3.1 FY24 Group traffic – owned & earned vs paid         Figure 3.2 Marketing spend per Kogan FIRST Subscriber

                        Paid                                          Owned & Earned                                    97.8
                        32%                                                     68%
                                                                                                                                                 88.8




                                                                                       ($)




For personal use only
                                                                                                                        FY23                     FY24

                        Owned & Earned Sources
                        • Direct website traffic
                        • Direct App traffic
                        • Brand searches
                        • Other organic search queries
                        • Email-based direct marketing
                        • Others


                        Products division recovery
                        Our Products Division, comprising both our Exclusive Brands and Third-Party Brands, offers a diverse range
                        of unique products sourced directly from the manufacturers, alongside globally recognised brands.
                        In FY24 the division cycled a prior period of increased promotional activity which optimised inventory levels.
                        The result was growth in Gross Profit of over 39% as margins rapidly recovered, and a return to Revenue growth
                        in the final quarter of the year, following a positive trend through the first 3 quarters.
                        The Products Division is a vital part of our strategy, because it gives us unique products and prices that separate
                        our offering from our competition, and keep our loyal customers coming back for more.

                        Figure 4.1 Products division Gross Profit	Figure 4.2 FY24 Products division revenue comps,
                                                                   by quarter
                                                     +39.6%

                                                               39.3
                                                                                                                                                         3.8%


                                                                                                                                         -6.1%




                                                                                       Revenue YoY Comps (%)
                        Gross Profit ($m)
                                            28.1




                                                                                                                               -21.0%



                                                                                                               -31.3%



                                            FY23               FY24
                                                                                                               1QFY24          2QFY24   3QFY24          4QFY24




                        12
                                                                                                                    kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        PERFORMANCE REVIEW & OUTLOOK
                        RESULTS SUMMARY

                        Table 1 FY24 Kogan Group Results
                             $m                                                                                                                  FY23              FY24
                             Gross Sales6                                                                                                       849.7              809.0
                             Revenue7                                                                                                           489.5              459.7
                             Cost of sales                                                                                                      (352.9)            (291.3)
                             Gross Profit                                                                                                        136.6             168.4
                             Gross Margin                                                                                                       27.9%              36.6%




For personal use only
                             Variable costs                                                                                                       (19.3)            (16.9)
                             Marketing costs                                                                                                     (48.5)             (48.0)
                             Contribution profit                                                                                                 68.8              103.5
                             Contribution margin                                                                                                 14.1%             22.5%
                             People costs                                                                                                         (67.1)             (49.1)
                             Other costs                                                                                                         (22.6)             (18.3)
                             Total operating costs                                                                                              (157.5)            (132.3)
                             Unrealised gain/(loss)                                                                                                 0.1               (0.1)
                             EBITDA                                                                                                              (20.8)             36.0
                             EBITDA margin                                                                                                      (4.2%)              7.8%
                             Unrealised gain/(loss)                                                                                                2.0                (0.1)
                             Realised (loss) on Wonderfi shares                                                                                    (2.1)                 –
                             Equity-based compensation                                                                                            (31.3)              (3.9)
                             Bitbuy.com domain sale                                                                                                (0.1)                 –
                             Mighty Ape Tranche 4 acquisition costs                                                                                 3.9                  –
                             Adjusted EBITDA8                                                                                                      6.8              40.0
                             Depreciation                                                                                                          (8.7)              (7.5)
                             Amortisation                                                                                                          (7.9)              (7.5)
                             EBIT                                                                                                                (37.4)             20.9
                             Adjusted EBIT8                                                                                                       (6.4)              28.3
                             Interest (expense)/income                                                                                             (0.7)              0.3
                             (Loss)/Profit before tax                                                                                            (38.1)              21.2
                             Income tax benefit/(expense)                                                                                         12.2               (21.1)
                             NPAT                                                                                                                (25.9)                0.1
                             Adjusted NPAT8                                                                                                       (4.3)              21.0
                             EPS                                                                                                                 (0.24)             0.00
                             Adjusted EPS8                                                                                                      (0.04)              0.20

                        Any discrepancies between totals, sums of components and percentage variances in this table are due to rounding.


                        6.     Non-IFRS measure.
                        7.     The differential between Revenue and Gross Sales is reflective of Kogan Marketplace and Verticals recognising only commission-based Revenue
                               while the gross transaction values are recognised within Gross Sales.
                        8.     Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted NPAT, and Adjusted EPS are measures of the underlying performance of the business. They exclude
                               non-cash items such as unrealised gains/losses, equity-based compensation, and one-off non-recurring items. Refer to page 18 of this Annual
                               Report for a detailed reconciliation of the adjusting items.




                                                                                                                                                                         13
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Operating & Financial Review continued


                        In FY24, Kogan.com strategically shifted its focus to building more resilient, consistent, and sustainable revenue
                        streams by expanding its Platform-based Sales. This transition impacted the Products Division’s revenue, especially
                        as the Company cycled a prior year of increased promotional activity aimed at realigning inventory to post-pandemic
                        market conditions. Despite these challenges, the Company saw improvements in Gross Margins, the two loyalty
                        programs, and overall profitability.
                        Kogan.com achieved a 23% year-on-year growth in Gross Profit in FY24, driven by the increased contribution of
                        Platform-based Sales and a recovery in margins within the Products Division. The company’s overall Gross Margin
                        expanded to 36.6%, representing an 8.7pp increase. This improvement was the result of better product ranging
                        and improved inventory management.
                        The growth of Kogan.com’s Platform-based Sales was pivotal in FY24. Kogan FIRST and Mighty Ape PRIMATE saw
                        strong double-digit growth in their subscriber bases, highlighting the strength of the loyalty programs. Kogan FIRST
                        Subscribers grew by 25.0% year-on-year, reaching over 502,000 members, and generating $43.7 million in subscription




For personal use only
                        revenue. Meanwhile, Mighty Ape PRIMATE subscribers grew by over 35%, reaching 23,000 members by the end
                        of the year.
                        The Verticals division achieved record performance, with $20.0 million in revenue, reflecting a 20.5% year-on-year
                        growth. The year included the launch of Mighty Mobile, which has been performing well and to the Company's
                        high expectations.
                        Despite a 15.6% decline in revenue year-on-year for the Products Division, Kogan.com achieved a 3.8% year-on-year
                        revenue growth in the fourth quarter. This return to growth was largely attributed to strategic improvements
                        in inventory management and product mix. The division’s Gross Profit for the year increased by 39.6%, reaching
                        $39.3 million. These results were driven by improved product ranging and the successful return to normalised
                        inventory levels.
                        Kogan Marketplace remains a key driver of Kogan.com’s platform-based sales model. The Marketplace allows the
                        company to offer millions of products without investing capital into researching, sourcing, purchasing, warehousing,
                        or dispatching inventory. In FY24, Kogan Marketplace achieved $228.6 million in Gross Sales and $21.9 million in
                        Revenue. Following on from the success of the Kogan Marketplace, a new Mighty Ape Marketplace is expected
                        to be launched in FY25.
                        The launch of the Advertising Platform in FY24 further supported Kogan’s marketplace model by enabling sellers
                        to promote their products and increase their visibility within the Kogan.com ecosystem. Though still in its early
                        stages, the platform contributed $2.9 million in advertising revenue, and Kogan.com is optimistic about its future
                        growth potential.
                        Mighty Ape, Kogan.com’s New Zealand-based subsidiary, delivered an increase of 7.7% in Gross Margin in FY24,
                        driven by the continued expansion of its private-label offerings. Despite a topline reduction year-on-year, this margin
                        expansion helped deliver 2.0% Gross Profit growth for Mighty Ape. Ongoing operational initiatives, including the
                        establishment of a new warehouse in Christchurch, temporarily increased operating costs, resulting in an Adjusted
                        EBITDA of $7.4 million, a decline year-on-year. However, with the warehouse setup nearing completion, Kogan.com
                        expects these costs to decrease in the near future, leading to further margin improvements.
                        Kogan.com successfully reduced its variable costs by over 12% year-on-year in FY24. This reduction was primarily driven
                        by inventory realignment efforts, which allowed the company to streamline its logistics network and consolidate costs.
                        Additionally, the company shifted its marketing focus to engage its most loyal customers through the Kogan FIRST and
                        Mighty Ape PRIMATE loyalty programs. As a result, both programs saw substantial growth while keeping marketing
                        costs relatively stable.
                        Personnel costs decreased in FY24, largely due to the completion in the prior year of both the Mighty Ape acquisition
                        tranches and the vesting of the 2020 AGM Options Package. Additionally, other costs were reduced by 19.2%
                        year-on-year through the renegotiation of service contracts and IT efficiency improvements.
                        The combination of these strategic initiatives led to a return to strong profitability for Kogan.com in FY24.
                        The company reported Adjusted EBITDA of $40.0 million, Adjusted EBIT of $28.3 million, and Adjusted NPAT
                        of $21.0 million. Having returned to a stable and healthy operating position, Kogan.com expects continued
                        profitability and growth moving into FY25.




                        14
                                                                                                                  kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                        Table 2 Summary of Kogan Group Net Assets at 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2024
                         $m                                                                                                                30-Jun-23     30-Jun-24
                         Current assets                                                                                                        142.9         125.2
                         Non-current assets                                                                                                     131.2         118.3
                         Total assets                                                                                                          274.1         243.4
                         Current liabilities                                                                                                    (97.7)       (103.9)
                         Non-current liabilities                                                                                                 (8.7)        (15.9)
                         Total liabilities                                                                                                    (106.4)        (119.8)
                         Net assets                                                                                                            167.7         123.6




For personal use only
                        Any discrepancies between totals, sums of components and percentage variances in this table are due to rounding.

                        We ended the year with $41.2 million in cash and no debt, despite significant cash outflows, including the $10.9 million
                        final payment for the Mighty Ape acquisition, $23.8 million invested in the share buy-back program, $6.5 million
                        for the FY24 Interim Dividend (net of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan), and $13.4 million for the cash settlement
                        of Executive Options upon exercise.
                        The reduction in non-current assets was due to the release of a deferred tax asset provision, which had no impact
                        on FY24 tax liabilities or future tax payable. This release stemmed from the difference between the expensed value
                        of the 2020 AGM Executive Options ($66.5 million, based on fair value at the time of grant) and the actual cash
                        payment upon exercise ($17.6 million).
                        The increase in current liabilities reflects a higher deferred income balance, caused by the FY24 year-end falling
                        on a weekend, unlike FY23. Additionally, non-current liabilities increased due to the rise in lease liabilities following
                        the opening of the new Mighty Ape Christchurch warehouse at the end of FY24.


                        CASH FLOWS
                        Table 3 Summary of Kogan Group Statutory Cash Flow from Operating Activities.
                         $m                                                                                                                    FY23          FY24
                         Receipts from customers                                                                                               509.9         519.2
                         Payments to suppliers and employees                                                                                  (432.3)       (488.7)
                         Interest received                                                                                                       0.9            1.6
                         Finance costs paid                                                                                                      (2.0)         (1.2)
                         Income tax paid                                                                                                         (5.6)         (2.7)
                         Net cash provided by Operating Activities                                                                              70.9          28.2

                        Any discrepancies between totals, sums of components and percentage variances in this table are due to rounding.

                        We continued to generate positive cash flows from operating activities, with the reduction year-on-year reflective
                        of the significant sell-through of inventory in FY23, as well as the inclusion of the cash settlement of the 2020 AGM
                        Options package in FY24.




                                                                                                                                                                  15
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Operating & Financial Review continued



                        OUTLOOK
                        As the Company commences FY25, it has a lot to look forward to and high expectations.
                        In FY25, we expect:
                        •    Continued strong contribution from Platform-based Sales;
                        •    Improving Gross Margin and Operating Leverage;
                        •    Continued improvement in our Product Division and return to growth;
                        •    Strong growth of Verticals and the new Advertising Platform;
                        •    Launch of the Mighty Ape Marketplace and mobile app;
                        •    Further growth of the Kogan FIRST and Mighty Ape PRIMATE loyalty programs and community; and




For personal use only
                        •    Maintenance of a strong Balance Sheet, while continuing the share buy-back.


                        NON-IFRS MEASURES
                        Throughout this report, Kogan.com has included certain non‑IFRS financial information, including Gross Sales,
                        EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, EBIT, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted NPAT and Adjusted EPS. Kogan.com believes that these
                        non‑IFRS measures provide useful information to recipients for measuring the underlying operating performance
                        of Kogan.com’s business. Non‑IFRS measures have not been subject to audit.
                        The table below provides details of the Non‑IFRS measures used in this report.

                        Table 4 Non-IFRS Measures
                            Gross Sales               The gross transaction value, on a cash basis, of products and services sold, of Kogan
                                                      Retail, Mighty Ape, Kogan Marketplace, Kogan FIRST, Mighty Ape PRIMATE, the
                                                      Verticals, Advertising Income and the commission of Kogan Money (due to limitations
                                                      of Kogan Money Gross Sales reporting).
                            EBITDA                    Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation.
                            Adjusted EBITDA           Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation, unrealised gain/(loss),
                                                      equity-based compensation and one-off non-recurring items. Refer to page 18
                                                      of this Annual Report for a detailed reconciliation of adjusting items.
                            EBIT                      Earnings before interest and tax.
                            Adjusted EBIT             Earnings before interest, tax, unrealised gain/(loss), equity-based compensation and
                                                      one-off non-recurring items. Refer to page 18 of this Annual Report for a detailed
                                                      reconciliation of adjusting items.
                            Adjusted NPAT             Net profit after tax and before unrealised FX gain/(loss), equity-based compensation
                                                      and one-off non-recurring items. Refer to page 18 of this Annual Report for a
                                                      detailed reconciliation of adjusting items
                            Adjusted EPS              Earnings per share before unrealised FX gain/(loss), equity-based compensation and
                                                      one-off non-recurring items. Refer to page 18 of this Annual Report for a detailed
                                                      reconciliation of adjusting items




                        16
                                                                                                   kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        RISKS
                        Set out below are the key financial and operational risks facing the Business. Kogan.com manages and seeks
                        to mitigate these risks through internal review and control processes at the Board and management level.
                         Australian retail            Many of Kogan.com’s products are discretionary goods and, as a result, sales levels are
                         environment and              sensitive to consumer sentiment. Kogan.com’s offering of products, and its financial and
                         general economic             operational performance, may be affected by changes in consumers’ disposable incomes,
                         conditions may worsen        or their preferences as to the utilisation of their disposable incomes. Any reduction
                                                      in the disposable incomes of Kogan.com’s customers as a result of changes to factors
                                                      such as economic outlook, interest rates, unemployment levels and taxation may
                                                      decrease consumer confidence and consumer demand, which may subsequently
                                                      result in lower levels of revenue and profitability.




For personal use only
                         Competition may              Kogan.com could be adversely affected by increased competition in the various
                         increase and change          segments in which it operates. The Australian online retail market is highly competitive
                                                      and is subject to changing customer preferences.
                         Inventory management         In order to operate its business successfully, Kogan.com must maintain sufficient
                                                      inventory and also avoid the accumulation of excess inventory.
                         Key supplier,                Kogan.com has a large number of international suppliers and service providers, from
                         service provider             which it sources a broad range of products and services. There is a risk that Kogan.com
                         and counterparty             may be unable to continue to source products or services from existing suppliers or
                         factors                      service providers, and in the future, to source products from new suppliers or services
                                                      from new service providers, at favourable prices, on favourable terms, in a timely manner
                                                      or in sufficient volume.
                         Manufacturing and            Kogan.com currently uses a wide range of third‑party suppliers to produce its Exclusive
                         product quality              Brands products. While Kogan.com employs dedicated engineers to assess product
                                                      samples, and uses third‑party inspection agencies for quality control and inspections,
                                                      there is no guarantee that every supplier will meet Kogan.com’s cost, quality and
                                                      volume requirements.
                         Marketplace operations       As the Kogan Marketplace continues to grow, Kogan.com must maintain the
                                                      integrity of the platform by ensuring the quality of sellers and products being
                                                      offered. Additionally, processes are in place to ensure fair competition on the
                                                      website amongst all sellers.
                         Performance and              Kogan.com’s websites, Apps, databases, IT and management systems, including
                         reliability of Kogan.com’s   its ERP and security systems, are critically important to its success. The satisfactory
                         websites, databases and      performance, reliability and availability of Kogan.com’s websites, Apps, databases,
                         operating systems            IT and management systems are integral to the operation of the Business.
                         Reputational product         The Kogan.com portfolio of Exclusive Brands names and related intellectual property
                         sourcing factors             are key assets of the Business. In addition, Kogan.com sells a range of Third‑Party
                                                      Branded products, where the intellectual property is owned by third‑parties.
                         Exposure to litigation       Kogan.com may be subject to litigation, claims, disputes and regulatory investigations,
                                                      including by customers, suppliers, government agencies, regulators or other third
                                                      parties. These disputes may be related to advertising, consumer terms, warranties,
                                                      product descriptions, personal injury, health, environmental, safety or operational
                                                      concerns, nuisance, negligence or failure to comply with applicable laws
                                                      and regulations.
                         Changes in GST and           Changes in local indirect tax, such as the goods and services tax in Australia (“GST”),
                         other equivalent taxes       and duty treatment of any of the markets in which Kogan.com operates, could have
                                                      an impact on the sales of imported brands.




                                                                                                                                                 17
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Operating & Financial Review continued



                         Retention of key                   Kogan.com relies on the expertise, experience and strategic direction provided by its
                         team members                       Executive Directors and key team members. These individuals have extensive experience
                                                            in, and knowledge of, Kogan.com’s business and the Australian online retail market.
                                                            Additionally, successful operation of Kogan.com’s business depends on its ability
                                                            to attract and retain quality team members.
                         Reliance on third‑party            Kogan.com is exposed to risks in relation to the methods of payment that it currently
                         payment providers                  accepts, including credit card, PayPal and vouchers. Kogan.com may incur loss from
                                                            fraud or erroneous transactions.


                        Reconciliation to Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted NPAT
                        Table 5 Reconciliation to Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted NPAT




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                  Non-cash
                                                                              Unrealised Equity-based                Non-cash depreciation &
                         $m                                Unadjusted             (loss) compensation              DTA release amortisation      Adjusted
                         Revenue                                   459.7                                                                            459.7
                         Cost of sales                            (291.3)                                                                           (291.3)
                         Gross Profit                              168.4                                                                            168.4
                         Gross Margin                             36.6%                                                                            36.6%
                         Variable costs                             (16.9)                                                                           (16.9)
                         Marketing costs                           (48.0)                                                                           (48.0)
                         People costs                               (49.1)                                  3.9                                     (45.2)
                         Other costs                                (18.3)                                                                           (18.3)
                         Total operating costs                    (132.3)                                                                          (128.4)
                         Unrealised (loss)                           (0.1)              0.1                                                           0.0
                         EBITDA                                     36.0                                                                             40.0
                         Depreciation                                (7.5)                                                                 0.2        (7.3)
                         Amortisation                                (7.5)                                                                 3.2        (4.4)
                         EBIT                                       20.9                                                                             28.3
                         Interest                                     0.3                                                                             0.3
                         Profit before tax                          21.2                                                                             28.6
                         Income tax expense                          (21.1)           (0.0)                (1.2)              14.7                    (7.6)
                         NPAT                                         0.1                                                                            21.0
                         EPS                                        0.00                                                                             0.20

                        Any discrepancies between totals, sums of components and percentage variances in this table are due to rounding.




                        18
                                                                                                   kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted NPAT and Adjusted EPS: are measures of the underlying performance
                        of the Business, they remove non-cash items including the unrealised gain/(loss), equity-based compensation and
                        one-off non-recurring items. In respect of FY24 the below items have been adjusted:
                        •   Unrealised FX gain/(loss): unrealised loss at full-year end related to shares still held and open forward foreign
                            exchange contracts.
                        •   Equity-based compensation: relates to Performance Rights and Options granted to team members as a form
                            of long-term incentive.
                        •   Non-cash DTA release: The release has no impact on the tax payable in FY24 or in future years. The release was
                            as a result of the tax impact difference between the value expensed for the 2020 AGM Executive Options
                            ($66.5 million – based on fair value at time of grant), and the actual cash payment that occurred upon exercise
                            ($17.6 million).




For personal use only
                        •   Non-cash depreciation & amortisation: Included within the Mighty Ape assets purchased upon acquisition was:
                            –   the Mighty Ape and Gorilla brands (intangible assets) totalling $40.0 million. The Group is amortising these
                                brands over 15 and 10 years, respectively.
                            –   Software worth $3.2 million. The Group is amortising this software over 7 years.
                            –   Right-of-use Assets (RoU Assets) and associated liabilities. Under the requirements of the financial reporting
                                standards, the fair value of these RoU Assets and associated liabilities was remeasured, resulting in an increase
                                of $1.6 million to the RoU Assets and $0.5 million for the lease liability.
                            The amortisation & depreciation associated with these is non-cash and therefore has been adjusted.




                                                                                                                                                19
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Directors’ Report

                        The Directors of Kogan.com Ltd and its controlled entities (“The Group”) present their report together with the
                        consolidated financial report of the Group for the financial year ended 30 June 2024 and the audit report thereon.


                        DIRECTORS
                        The following persons were Directors of the Group at any time during the financial year and up to the date of signing
                        this report.
                        Greg Ridder – Independent, Non-Executive Chairman
                        Janine Allis – Independent, Non-Executive Director
                        David Shafer – Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Executive Director
                        Harry Debney – Independent, Non-Executive Director




For personal use only
                        James Spenceley – Independent, Non-Executive Director
                        Ruslan Kogan – Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
                        Particulars of each Director’s experience and qualifications are set out later in this report.


                        COMPANY SECRETARY
                        Kogan.com engages Acclime Australia Pty Ltd to provide company secretarial services, with Mark Licciardo
                        as Kogan.com’s Company Secretary.


                        PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
                        Kogan.com is a portfolio of retail and services businesses that includes Kogan Retail, Kogan Marketplace,
                        Kogan Mobile, Kogan Internet, Kogan Insurance, Kogan Travel, Kogan Money, Kogan Energy, Mighty Mobile,
                        Dick Smith, Matt Blatt, Brosa and Mighty Ape during the year ended 30 June 2024.
                        Kogan.com earns the majority of its Revenue and profit through the sale of goods and services to Australian and
                        New Zealand customers. Kogan.com’s product offerings include a range of private label brands, such as Kogan,
                        Ovela, Fortis, Vostok, and Komodo, alongside third-party brands like Apple, Canon, Swann, and Samsung.
                        These products are managed under Kogan.com’s Products Division.
                        In addition to product offerings, Kogan.com earned seller-fee based Revenue from Kogan Marketplace and
                        commission-based Revenue from the Verticals including Kogan Mobile, Kogan Internet, Kogan Insurance,
                        Kogan Money, Kogan Energy, Kogan Travel and Mighty Mobile.
                        The results of Kogan HK Limited, a Hong Kong registered entity and Mighty Ape Limited, a New Zealand registered
                        entity, have been compiled using International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as issued by the International
                        Accounting Standards Board.
                        An operating and financial review of the Group during the financial year and the results of these operations are
                        contained on pages 06 to 19 of this report.
                        No significant change in the nature of other activities occurred during the year.




                        20
                                                                                                     kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR
                        The Directors have declared a final Dividend of 7.5 cents per Ordinary Share, fully franked. The final Dividend was not
                        determined until after the Balance Sheet date and accordingly no provision has been recognised at 30 June 2024.
                        The Dividend Reinvestment Plan will apply to the final Dividend at a 2.5% discount to the 5-day volume weighted
                        average price of shares sold on the ASX from the trading day prior to the record date.
                        There are no other subsequent events post reporting date 30 June 2024.


                        INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS
                        Kogan.com has entered into a deed of indemnity, insurance and access with each Director confirming the Director’s
                        right of access to Board papers and requires Kogan.com to indemnify the Director, on a full indemnity basis and to the




For personal use only
                        full extent permitted by law against all losses or liabilities (including all reasonable legal costs) insured by the Director
                        as an officer of Kogan.com or of a related body corporate.
                        Under the deeds of indemnity, insurance and access, Kogan.com must maintain a Directors’ and Officers’ insurance
                        policy insuring a Director (among others) against liability as a Director and Officer of Kogan.com related to body
                        corporate for a period of seven years (or the date any relevant proceedings commenced during the seven year period,
                        have been finally resolved).
                        Disclosure of the total amount of the premiums paid under this renewed insurance policy is not permitted under the
                        provisions of the insurance contract.


                        INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE OF AUDITORS
                        No indemnities have been given or insurance premiums paid, during or since the end of the year, for any person
                        who is or has been an auditor of the Group.


                        PROCEEDINGS ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY
                        No person has applied for leave of court to bring proceedings on behalf of the Company or intervene in any
                        proceedings to which the Company is a party for the purpose of taking responsibility on behalf of the Company
                        for all or any part of those proceedings.
                        The Company was not a party to any such proceedings during the year.


                        DIVIDENDS
                        In respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2024, the Directors:
                        •   Declared a fully franked Interim Dividend of 7.5 cents per Ordinary Share. The record date for the Interim Dividend
                            was 15 April 2024 and was paid on 31 May 2024.
                        •   Declared a fully franked Final Dividend of 7.5 cents per Ordinary Share. The record date for the Final Dividend
                            was 12 September 2024 and will be paid on 29 November 2024.
                        Details with respect to the distribution paid during the year are provided in Note 3.4.
                        A Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) was available for the FY24 interim Dividend and the DRP will also apply for the
                        FY24 Final Dividend at a 2.5% discount to the 5-day volume weighted average price of shares sold on the ASX from
                        the trading day prior to the record date.




                                                                                                                                                  21
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Directors’ Report continued



                        NON-AUDIT SERVICES
                        During the year KPMG, the Group’s auditors, performed certain other services in addition to the audit and review
                        of the financial statements.
                        The Board of Directors has considered the non-audit services provided during the year by the auditor and is satisfied
                        that the provision of those non-audit services during the year is compatible with, and did not compromise the auditor’s
                        independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001. The Directors are satisfied that the services disclosed
                        below did not compromise the external auditor’s independence for the following reasons:
                        •    All non-audit services were subject to the corporate governance procedures adopted by the Group and have been
                             reviewed by the Audit & Risk Management Committee to ensure they did not adversely affect the integrity and
                             objectivity of the auditor; and
                        •    The non-audit services provided do not undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set




For personal use only
                             out in APES 110: Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, as they did not involve reviewing or auditing the
                             auditor’s own work, acting in a management or decision making capacity for the Group, acting as an advocate
                             for the Group or jointly sharing risks and rewards.
                        The following fees were paid or payable to KPMG for non-audit services provided during the year ended 30 June 2024:
                                                                                                                                               $
                            Tax advisory and compliance                                                                                43,909
                                                                                                                                       43,909


                        LEAD AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION
                        The lead auditor’s independence declaration for the financial year ended 30 June 2024 can be found on page 46
                        of the financial report and forms part of the Directors Report.


                        THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND COMPANY SECRETARY
                                               Greg Ridder
                                               (BBus (Acc), Grad Dip (Mktg), GAICD, CPA)
                                               Independent, Non-Executive Chairman
                                               Mr Ridder was appointed to the Board of Kogan.com in May 2016 as Independent,
                                               Non-Executive Chairman.
                                               Formerly Asia Pacific Regional President at NYSE listed Owens-Illinois, he is experienced
                                               in leading businesses in multiple countries, cultures, economic circumstances and market
                                               conditions. Mr Ridder also serves as Non-Executive Director at a number of not-for-profit
                                               and private entities.
                                               Mr Ridder holds a Bachelor of Business in Accounting from RMIT, a Graduate Diploma
                                               in Marketing from Monash University, and has completed the Advanced Management
                                               Programme at INSEAD in France. He is a CPA and a graduate member of the Australian
                                               Institute of Company Directors.
                                               Directorship of listed entities within the past three years
                                               •   Director of Spirit Technology Solutions Ltd (ceased August 2024)
                                               Board Committee membership
                                               •   Member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
                                               •   Member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee




                        22
                                                                            kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Janine Allis
                        Independent Non-Executive Director
                        Ms Allis was appointed to the Board of Kogan.com in April 2021, as an Independent,
                        Non-Executive Director and also serves as a member of the Remuneration and Nomination
                        Committee and Audit and Risk Management Committee.
                        Ms Allis is the Founder of Boost Juice and Founder and Non-Executive Chair of Retail Zoo
                        group of food retail brands. Ms Allis has been Telstra Businesswoman of the Year, Excellence
                        in Women’s Leadership, Amex Franchisor of the Year, ARA Retailer of the Year and was inducted
                        into the Australian Franchise Hall of Fame.
                        Ms Allis was listed as one of BRW’s top 15 people who have changed the way we do business




For personal use only
                        in the last 20 years and is an ambassador for UNHCR.
                        Directorship of listed entities within the past three years
                        •   Director of Australian Pharmaceuticals Industries (API) (ceased March 2022)
                        Board Committee membership
                        •   Member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
                        •   Member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee
                        David Shafer
                        (LLB (Hons), BCom, CFA)
                        Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Executive Director
                        Mr Shafer has worked with Kogan.com since 2006, moving to a full time role as Chief Financial
                        Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Executive Director in November 2010.
                        Prior to joining Kogan.com, Mr Shafer was Senior Associate at Arnold Bloch Leibler.
                        Mr Shafer holds a Bachelor of Law (Honours) and Bachelor of Commerce from The University
                        of Melbourne and is a Chartered Financial Analyst.
                        Harry Debney
                        (BAppSc (Hons))
                        Independent Non-Executive Director
                        Mr Debney was appointed to the Board of Kogan.com in May 2016, as an Independent,
                        Non-Executive Director and also serves as Chairman of the Audit and Risk
                        Management Committee.
                        Mr Debney previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Costa Group over two
                        periods, from September 2010 to March 2021 and from September 2022 to February 2024.
                        During his time at Costa Group he oversaw the business’ transition from a privately-owned
                        Company to a member of the S&P/ASX 200 Index.
                        Prior to joining the Costa Group, Mr Debney spent 24 years at Visy Industries, including eight
                        years as Chief Executive Officer. During this time, he substantially grew the Visy business,
                        both organically and through acquisitions and oversaw a progressive renewal of core
                        manufacturing assets to ensure that Visy had the most advanced technology, and lowest
                        cost manufacturing base in the industry.
                        Mr Debney holds a Bachelor of Applied Science (Honours) from the University of Queensland.
                        Directorship of listed entities within the past three years
                        •   Non-Executive Director of Costa Group Holdings Ltd (appointed on 1 July 2021)
                        Board Committee membership
                        •   Chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
                        •   Member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee



                                                                                                                         23
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Directors’ Report continued



                                       James Spenceley
                                       Independent Non-Executive Director
                                       Mr Spenceley was appointed to the Board of Kogan.com in March 2021, as an Independent,
                                       Non-Executive Director and also serves as Chairman of the Remuneration and Nomination
                                       Committee and as a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee.
                                       Mr Spenceley founded Vocus Communications (now Vocus Group, ASX:VOC) in 2007 and
                                       built it into an ASX100 company through organic growth and acquisitions. Mr Spenceley
                                       is Chairman at Swoop Telecom and up until May 2023, was Chairman of Airtasker.
                                       Mr Spenceley was the former owner of Illawarra Hawks NBL team and has twice won Ernst
                                       & Young Australian Entrepreneur of the Year recognition. In 2018, he was inducted into the
                                       Telecommunications Hall of Fame.




For personal use only
                                       Directorship of listed entities within the past three years
                                       •   Chairperson of Swoop Telecom (appointed in February 2019)
                                       •   Chairperson of Airtasker Limited (ceased in May 2023)
                                       •   Non-Executive Director at Think Childcare (ceased October 2021)
                                       Board Committee membership
                                       •   Member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
                                       •   Chairman of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee
                                       Ruslan Kogan
                                       (BBS)
                                       Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
                                       Mr Kogan founded Kogan.com in 2006, and has been its CEO since inception, growing
                                       the Business into Australia’s leading Pure Play Online Retailer in under a decade.
                                       Prior to founding Kogan.com, Mr Kogan held roles in the IT departments of Bosch and GE,
                                       and as a consultant at Accenture.
                                       Mr Kogan holds a Bachelor of Business Systems from Monash University.
                                       Mark Licciardo (Acclime Australia Pty Ltd)
                                       (B Bus (Acc), GradDip CSP, FGIA, GAICD)
                                       Company Secretary
                                       Mark is the founder of Mertons Corporate Services, now part of Acclime Australia,
                                       and is responsible for Acclime Australia’s Listed Services Division.
                                       He is also an ASX-experienced director and chair of public and private companies, with
                                       expertise in the listed investment, infrastructure, bio-technology and digital sectors.
                                       He currently serves as a director on a number of Australian company boards as well
                                       as foreign-controlled entities and private companies.
                                       During his executive career, Mark held roles in banking and finance, funds management,
                                       investment and infrastructure development businesses, including being the Company
                                       Secretary for ASX:100 companies Transurban Group and Australian Foundation Investment
                                       Company Limited.
                                       Mark holds a Bachelor of Business degree in accounting, a Graduate Diploma in Governance
                                       and is a Fellow of the Chartered Governance Institute, the Governance Institute of Australia
                                       and the Australian Institute of Company Directors.




                        24
                                                                                                                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        MEETINGS OF DIRECTORS
                        Directors’ meetings held between 1 July 2023 and 30 June 2024:
                                                                                                                                                    REMUNERATION
                                                                                 BOARD                            AUDIT & RISK                      & NOMINATION
                                                                                   A                 B                 A               B                A           B
                             Greg Ridder                                          12                11                  3              3                3           3
                             Janine Allis                                         12                12                  3              2                3           3
                             David Shafer                                         12                12                  3              39               3            19
                             Harry Debney                                         12               10                   3              3                3           3
                             James Spenceley                                      12                12                  3              3                3           3




For personal use only
                             Ruslan Kogan                                         12                12                  3              39               3            19

                        A.     Number of meetings held during the time the Director held office or was a member of the committee during the year.
                        B.     Number of meetings attended.



                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT
                        The Board is committed to achieving and demonstrating the highest standards of Corporate Governance. The Board
                        continues to refine and improve the governance framework and practices in place to ensure they meet the interest
                        of Shareholders.
                        The Company complies with the Australian Securities Exchange Corporate Governance Council’s Corporate
                        Governance Principles and Recommendations 4th Edition (‘the ASX Principles’). Kogan.com’s Corporate Governance
                        Statement, which summarises the Company’s Corporate Governance practices and incorporates the disclosures
                        required by the ASX Principles, can be viewed at www.kogancorporate.com.


                        ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS
                        The Group is not subject to any significant environmental regulations under Commonwealth or State legislation.


                        DIRECTORS INTERESTS
                        The following table sets out each Director’s relevant interest in shares of the Company at the date of this report.
                                                                                                                                                       Ordinary Shares
                             Ruslan Kogan                                                                                                                   15,853,321
                             David Shafer                                                                                                                    3,225,642
                             Greg Ridder                                                                                                                      158,000
                             Harry Debney                                                                                                                      98,099
                             Janine Allis                                                                                                                       14,761
                             James Spenceley                                                                                                                   10,000




                        9.     Indicates that a Director is not a member of a specific committee and attended by invitation.




                                                                                                                                                                     25
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Directors’ Report continued



                        SHARE RIGHTS
                        Unissued Shares under Rights
                        At 30 June 2024 the Group had 1,750,502 unissued shares under Rights which are expected to vest up until
                        31 December 2027, all unissued shares under Rights are Ordinary Shares of the Company.

                        Shares Issued on Exercise of Rights
                        During the financial year, the Group issued 253,225 Ordinary Shares as a result of the Rights vesting.


                        RETENTION OPTIONS
                        Unissued Shares under Options




For personal use only
                        At 30 June 2024 the Group had 670,632 unissued shares under Options which are expected to vest up until
                        27 February 2027, all unissued shares under Options are Ordinary Shares of the Company.




                        26
                                                                                              kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Remuneration Report

                        INTRODUCTION
                        The Directors are pleased to present the FY24 Remuneration Report, detailing the Board’s approach to compensating
                        Key Management Personnel (KMP).
                        The Board acknowledges that the Group’s success relies on the quality and motivation of its team members.
                        Consequently, the Group’s remuneration strategy aims to effectively attract, reward, and retain employees at all
                        levels, with a particular focus on management and key executives. To accomplish this, the Board has designed
                        executive remuneration packages that combine fixed compensation, short-term incentives, and long-term incentives.
                        The audited Remuneration Report covers the following matters:
                        1. FY24 remuneration framework;
                        2. FY24 outcomes at a glance;




For personal use only
                        3. Details of Key Management Personnel;
                        4. Remuneration governance;
                        5. Remuneration policy;
                        6. Company’s performance;
                        7. Details of remuneration;
                        8. Equity instruments;
                        9. Executive Directors and Other KMP Service Agreements; and
                        10. Key Management Personnel transactions.




                                                                                                                                       27
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Remuneration Report continued



                        FY24 REMUNERATION FRAMEWORK
                        For FY24, the Board engaged Godfrey Remuneration Group (GRG) as an independent remuneration advisor to help
                        develop a new remuneration framework. As part of the process, the following areas were reviewed:
                        1. The overall remuneration governance framework;
                        2. Market and stakeholder feedback;
                        3. Current peer practices;
                        4. Variable remuneration design; and
                        5. Market benchmarking for top executives, using a comparator group of 20 ASX listed companies of comparable
                           market value, with 10 larger and 10 smaller (balanced), and limited to a range of half to double the Company’s
                           market value.




For personal use only
                        GRG was paid $55,000, inclusive of GST, for the remuneration recommendations in respect of the areas listed above,
                        and was not engaged for any other service during the year. The engagement was conducted in isolation from Executive
                        Management to ensure independence. The Board is satisfied that the remuneration recommendations made by GRG
                        were free from undue influence by members of the key management personnel about whom the
                        recommendations related.
                        1. The Board has adopted a policy for current and future equity grants, to limit the opportunity for major discrepancies
                           between intended equity remuneration value, and the remuneration value shareholders will be asked to approve.
                           The policy is based on a 20-day trading volume weighted average price (VWAP) commencing the day after release
                           of the audited financial results. The VWAP is divided into the intended maximum/stretch grant dollar value, to
                           determine the grant number;
                        2. Fixed remuneration has been reviewed to align with market peers as at the end of FY23, as indicated
                           by independent benchmarking;
                        3. A short-term incentive (STI) plan and opportunity was introduced to ensure that there are separate components
                           of remuneration, creating links between reward and performance over both the short and long term. The STI is an
                           ‘at risk’ component of remuneration payable where Adjusted EBITDA of the Company exceeds at least 95% of the
                           Board established forecast estimate for the full financial year. The amount of STI payable to Executive Management
                           may range between 37.5% of base remuneration (if the company achieved at least 95% of forecast estimates) and
                           up to a maximum of 112.5% of base remuneration (if the Company achieves at least 110% of forecast estimates);
                        4. The long-term incentive (LTI) program will continue and will be a significant and appropriate weighting in the
                           remuneration mix. LTIs also represent an ‘at risk’ component of remuneration whereby Executive Management
                           will be awarded Performance Rights which are subject to vesting conditions determined by the Board and approved
                           by shareholders, in order to support the long-term growth of the Company.
                             See item 6 below for further details.
                        5. The Board has determined that grants of equity will be made annually, which is consistent with typical ASX
                           market practices;
                        6. The grant of equity to Executive Management in FY24 included the following features:
                             a. Performance Rights will be used;
                             b. The measurement period over which performance service will be tested will be 3 years;
                                i.   For the FY24 introductory/transitory grant there is a tranche (50%) that is eligible to vest after 2 financial
                                     years, to smooth the transition into annual granting processes.
                                ii. Grants made in future years are not intended to include a 2-year tranche, noting that long-term incentives
                                    are generally defined as having a 3-year minimum vesting period i.e. the FY24 grant is intended to be
                                    a one-off arrangement.




                        28
                                                                                                   kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                           c. The Performance Rights will be awarded based on achieving relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR) and is paid
                              if Kogan.com’s TSR outperforms the 50th percentile and 75th percentile as compared to the Peer Group TSR.
                              The LTI is prorated between the two hurdles and is paid as 2% additional LTI per 1% of percentile achieved
                              against the Peer Group. There is no LTI payment if the Kogan.com TSR is below the 50th percentile of the
                              Peer Group TSR.
                               Measurement of the TSR is the comparison of the Peer Group’s total return against the Company’s total return
                               for the period.
                               The Board determined a fixed group of more than 100 consumer companies listed on the ASX at 1 July 2023
                               to constitute the Peer Group, and this will remain static for the measurement period.
                               The conversion of LTI dollar value into the number of shares is performed using the 20-day VWAP of trading
                               in Kogan.com Shares for the period starting the day after the FY23 financial results were released to the market,




For personal use only
                               being 22 August 2023.
                               The performance test period is from 1 July to 30 June for the test period (being 2 and 3 years) with vesting
                               (if appropriate) to be confirmed at the appropriate next Board Meeting after presentation of the audited results
                               of the performance test. The LTI is split into two equal tranches. Tranche 1 has a two-year measurement (and
                               vesting) period and Tranche 2 has a three-year measurement (and vesting) period.
                           d. The Board may consider additional tranches and performance metrics in future years, as the business’s
                              circumstances change.
                        7. The total remuneration packages of Executive Management in FY24 are composed of fixed remuneration,
                           short-term incentives and long-term incentives (the latter having been approved by Shareholders at the 2023
                           AGM), set relative to market benchmarks and assessments obtained by the Board. Fixed remuneration is intended
                           to be positioned around P50, +20% to recognise the exceptional talent and performance of the incumbents and
                           noting that a +/–20% range is a common policy adopted by ASX listed company boards to recognise individual
                           differences and calibre of executives. The total remuneration packages, including target short-term and long-term
                           incentives, are intended to fall in the high end of the range of observed relevant market practices, to also recognise
                           the high performance and high calibre of the incumbents, and to recognise differences in the roles of the incumbents
                           compared to typical ASX roles.
                           a. The incumbent executives are deeply invested in the business; the success of the business has been driven
                              by this team over many years and the Board and key stakeholders intend to continue to retain and incentivise
                              the incumbents to make exceptional contributions. The business has significantly outperformed peers and
                              typical ASX market returns in most years, due to the contributions of the incumbents;
                           b. Both the ED/CEO and ED/CFO/COO roles are larger-than-typical roles, in terms of their scope, accountability,
                              and impact on the business; where in most ASX listed companies these roles would be supported by a large
                              team of highly experienced ASX executive veterans, Kogan runs-lean and seeks to retain loyal employees
                              in supporting roles. As a result, many of the functions, responsibilities, accountabilities and key impacts that
                              would usually be the responsibility of the executive team, are carried by or in large part guided by, the founders
                              as the strategic drivers;
                           c. The CFO/COO role is not typical, and cannot be directly compared to peers on the ASX; being a broader
                              operational role, the incumbent is able to bring a level of strategy and engagement with the rest of the
                              business that is exceptional, making the assessed job size largely than a typical CFO and/or COO role; and
                           d. As a result of the foregoing, it is the Board’s view that it is appropriate to position the remuneration of the
                              executive team high in the market compared to peers, but with the majority of the package subject to the
                              achievement of challenging performance conditions.




                                                                                                                                                29
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Remuneration Report continued



                        2024 OUTCOMES AT A GLANCE
                         Chief Executive Officer (CEO) remuneration                                Chief Financial Officer (CFO) remuneration
                         In FY24, our CEO:                                                         In FY24, our CFO:
                         •    Received total cash salary inclusive                                 •   Received total cash salary inclusive
                              of superannuation of $800,000;                                           of superannuation of $576,000;
                         •    Earned a short-term incentive of $900,000 based                      •   Earned a short-term incentive of $648,000
                              on achievement of over 110% of the Board                                 based on achievement of over 110% of the Board
                              established Adjusted EBITDA forecast estimates                           established Adjusted EBITDA forecast estimates
                              for FY24 at the commencement of the year;                                for FY24 at the commencement of the year;
                         •    Earned unrealised remuneration from unvested                         •   Earned unrealised remuneration from unvested




For personal use only
                              Performance Rights of $389,280;                                          Performance Rights of $280,281;
                         •    Received total statutory remuneration of $2,161,605;                 •   Received total statutory remuneration of $1,555,638;
                         •    Exercised Options granted during the November                        •   Exercised Options granted during the November
                              2020 AGM, which were cash-settled by the                                 2020 AGM, which were cash-settled by the
                              Company for $10,562,400; and                                             Company for $7,041,600; and
                         •    Received total realised remuneration of $11,362,400.                 •   Received total realised remuneration of $7,617,600.
                         Non Executive Directors (NEDs) fees
                         During the year, James Spenceley was appointed as Chairman of the Remuneration & Nomination Committee,
                         resulting in an additional $15,000 in compensation to reflect the increased responsibilities of the role. There were
                         no other changes in total fees for the Other Non-Executive Directors.


                        DETAIL OF KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL
                        Key Management Personnel (KMP) are individuals who have authority and responsibility for planning, directing and
                        controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, and comprise the Directors and the Senior Executives
                        of the Group, as listed below.
                         KMP                                                 POSITION HELD                                                              TERM AS KMP
                         Independent Non-Executive Directors
                         Greg Ridder                                         Chairman,                                                                  Full year
                                                                             Independent Non-Executive Director
                         Janine Allis                                        Independent                                                                Full year
                                                                             Non-Executive Director
                         Harry Debney                                        Independent                                                                Full year
                                                                             Non-Executive Director
                         James Spenceley                                     Independent                                                                Full year
                                                                             Non-Executive Director
                         Executive Directors
                         David Shafer                                        CFO, COO & Executive Director                                              Full year
                         Ruslan Kogan                                        CEO & Executive Director                                                   Full year
                         Other KMPs
                         Daniel Balasoglou10                                 Mighty Ape, CEO                                                            Full year
                         Gracie MacKinlay10                                  Mighty Ape, CEO                                                            Part year



                        10. Daniel Balasoglou held the position of CFO – Mighty Ape between the period 1 July 2023 to 7 April 2024. On 8 April 2024 he was appointed CEO
                            – Mighty Ape following Gracie MacKinlay’s resignation on the same date.




                        30
                                                                                                 kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        REMUNERATION GOVERNANCE
                        The Board appointed the Remuneration and Nomination Committee (“the Committee”) whose objective is to assist
                        the Board in relation to the Group remuneration strategy, policies and actions. In performing this responsibility,
                        the Committee must give appropriate consideration to the Company’s performance and objectives, employment
                        conditions and external remuneration relativities.

                        Remuneration and Nomination Committee
                        Kogan.com’s Remuneration and Nomination Committee is composed of Independent Non-Executive Directors.
                        The responsibilities of the Committee include to:
                        •   Develop criteria for Board membership and identify specific individuals for nomination;
                        •   Establish processes for the review of the performance of individual Directors, Board Committees and the Board




For personal use only
                            as a whole and implementation of such processes;
                        •   Review and make recommendations to the Board on board succession planning generally;
                        •   Review and make recommendations to the Board on the process for recruiting a new Director, including
                            evaluating the balance of skills, knowledge, experience, independence and diversity on the Board;
                        •   Review and make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s remuneration framework, remuneration
                            packages and policies applicable to the members of the executive management of the Company (“Senior
                            Management”) and Directors;
                        •   Review and make recommendations to the Board on equity-based remuneration plans for senior executives
                            and other employees;
                        •   Define levels at which the Chief Executive Officer must make recommendations to the Committee on proposed
                            changes to remuneration and employee benefit policies;
                        •   Ensure that remuneration packages and policies attract, retain and motivate high calibre executives; and
                        •   Ensure that remuneration policies demonstrate a clear relationship between key executive performance
                            and remuneration.
                        All Directors who are not members of the Committee are entitled to attend any meeting of the Committee.
                        The Committee may invite any Director, including members of Senior Management.
                        A full Charter outlining the Committee’s responsibilities and the Process for Evaluation of Performance are available
                        at www.kogancorporate.com.




                                                                                                                                                31
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Remuneration Report continued



                        REMUNERATION POLICY
                        The Group has established incentive arrangements to assist in the attraction, motivation and retention of the executive
                        team and other selected team members. To align the interests of its team members and goals of the Group, the
                        Directors have decided the remuneration packages of the executive team and other selected team members will
                        consist of the following components:
                        •     Fixed remuneration (inclusive of superannuation);
                        •     Short-term cash-based incentives; and
                        •     Long-term equity-based incentives.
                        The payment of any cash and award of equity under the incentive arrangement will be subject to the achievement
                        of performance criteria or hurdles set by the Board. The remuneration packages of the senior management team




For personal use only
                        are determined by the Committee and reported to the Board. The remuneration of senior management is reviewed
                        annually by the Committee. At the absolute discretion of the Committee, Kogan.com may seek external advice on the
                        appropriate level and structure of the remuneration packages of the senior management team from time to time.

                        Fixed remuneration
                        Fixed remuneration consists of the base salary and team members benefits which include superannuation, leave
                        entitlements and other benefits.
                        Executive KMP received a change to their remuneration structure outlined earlier in this report.
                                                                                                Cash salary Superannuation                 AL & LSL        Total
                                                                                    Year                 ($)            ($)                      ($)         ($)
                            Executive KMPs
                            R. Kogan                                               2024            772,601                27,399             72,326     872,326
                            D. Shafer                                              2024            548,601                27,399             51,356     627,356
                            Other KMPs
                            D. Balasoglou                                          2024            298,871                 11,718            23,910     334,499
                            G. MacKinlay 11                                        2024            190,398                  9,021            34,431     233,850
                            Total                                                                 1,810,471               75,536           182,023     2,068,031
                            Executive KMPs
                            R. Kogan                                               2023            423,500                25,292             39,645     488,437
                            D. Shafer                                              2023            363,000                25,292             33,982     422,274
                            Other KMPs
                            G. MacKinlay                                           2023            228,879                 6,866            30,040      265,785
                            S. Barton                                              2023            170,399                       –            5,060     175,459
                            Total                                                                 1,185,778               57,451           108,726     1,351,955

                        Any discrepancies between totals, sums of components and percentage variances in this table are due to rounding.




                        11.   Remuneration relates to the period 1 July 2023 to 7 April 2024.




                        32
                                                                                                 kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Short-term incentives (STI) – Cash-based
                        The following table outlines the significant aspects of the STI for senior management excluding KMPs.
                         Purpose of STI plan            Provide a link between remuneration and both short-term Company and
                                                        individual performance.
                                                        Create sustainable shareholder value.
                                                        Reward individuals for their contribution to the success of the Group.
                                                        Actively encourage team members to take more ownership over the Adjusted
                                                        EBITDA12.
                         Eligibility                    Offers of cash incentives may be made to any team member of the Group
                                                        (including a Director employed in an executive capacity) or any other person




For personal use only
                                                        who is declared by the Board to be eligible to receive a grant of cash incentive
                                                        under the STI.
                         Calculation & target           The Adjusted EBITDA12 of Kogan.com shall exceed the Board established budget
                                                        for the full financial year (after payment of the STI).
                                                        25% of the outperformance will be allocated to a ‘bonus pool’.
                                                        The ‘bonus pool’ will then be shared in cash bonuses among a number of team
                                                        members in fixed proportions.
                         Maximum opportunity            The maximum payable is 25% of the outperformance and 35% of the team
                                                        member’s annual salary.
                         Performance conditions         Outperformance of the budgeted Adjusted EBITDA12. Adjusted EBITDA12 represents
                                                        the underlying performance of the business.
                                                        Continuation of employment.
                         Why were the performance       To achieve successful and sustainable financial business outcomes as well as any
                         conditions chosen              annual objectives that drive short-term and long-term business success
                                                        and sustainability.
                         Performance period             1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024.
                         Time of assessment             August 2024, following completion of the 30 June 2024 accounts.
                         Form of payment                Paid in cash.
                         Board discretion               Targets are reviewed annually and the Board has discretion to adapt appropriately
                                                        to take into account exceptional items.




                        12. Non-IFRS measure.




                                                                                                                                            33
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Remuneration Report continued


                        Senior Management did not receive a payment under the STI plan in the 2024 financial year (FY23: Nil).
                        Ruslan Kogan and David Shafer were subject to this arrangement in FY23. In FY24, they were subject
                        to the below outlined STI arrangement.
                        The following table outlines the significant aspects of the STI for Executive Management.
                            Purpose of the Executive           Create a link between reward and performance of the Group over both the short
                            Management STI plan                and long term, for the Executive Management.
                            Eligibility                        Offers of cash incentives may be made to Executive Management, being Ruslan
                                                               Kogan (CEO) and David Shafer (CFO & COO).
                            Calculation & target               A STI is payable if the Adjusted EBITDA12 of Kogan.com exceeds at least 95%
                                                               of the Board established forecast estimate for the full financial year. The value
                                                               of STI payable to Executive Management may range between 37.5% of base




For personal use only
                                                               remuneration (if the Company achieved at least 95% of forecast estimates)
                                                               and up to a maximum of 112.5% of base remuneration (if the Company achieved
                                                               at least 110% of forecast estimates).
                            Maximum opportunity                The maximum payable is 112.5% of base remuneration if the Company achieves
                                                               at least 110% of forecast estimates.
                            Performance conditions             Achievement of at least 95% of Board established forecast estimate of Adjusted
                                                               EBITDA12 for the full financial year. Adjusted EBITDA12 represents the underlying
                                                               performance of the business.
                                                               Continuation of employment.
                            Why were the performance           To achieve successful and sustainable financial business outcomes as well
                            conditions chosen                  as any annual objectives that drive short-term and long-term business success
                                                               and sustainability.
                            Performance period                 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024.
                            Time of assessment                 August 2024, following completion of the 30 June 2024 accounts.
                            Form of payment                    Paid in cash.
                            Board discretion                   Targets are reviewed annually and the Board has discretion to adapt appropriately
                                                               to take into account exceptional items.

                        In FY24, Executive Management achieved the required targets to earn an STI. The following was accrued
                        as at 30 June 2024, with payment occurring in FY25:
                        •     Ruslan Kogan: $900,000 (FY23: n/a13)
                        •     David Shafer: $648,000 (FY23: n/a13)




                        13. In FY23 Executive Management participated in the STI for Senior Management. No STI was earned in FY23 by Executive Management.




                        34
                                                                                                      kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Long-term incentives (LTI) – Equity Incentive Plan (EIP)
                        The Group has established an Equity Incentive Plan (EIP), which is designed to align the interests of eligible team
                        members more closely with the interests of Shareholders in the listed entity. Under the EIP, eligible team members
                        may be offered Performance Rights or Options which may be subject to vesting conditions. The Group may offer
                        additional long-term incentive schemes to senior management and other team members over time.
                        The following table outlines the significant aspects of the current EIP.
                         Purpose of LTI plan             Support the strategy and business plan of the Group.
                                                         Align the interests of team members more closely with the interests
                                                         of Shareholders.
                                                         Reward individuals for their contribution to the success of the Group over




For personal use only
                                                         the long-term.
                         Eligibility                     Offers of Incentive Securities (Performance Rights or Options) may be made to any
                                                         team member of the Group (including a Director employed in an executive capacity)
                                                         or any other person who is declared by the Board to be eligible to receive a grant of
                                                         Incentive Securities under the EIP.
                         Service condition on vesting Individuals must be employed by the Group at the time of vesting and not be
                                                      in their notice period.
                         Form of award and payment       Performance Rights or Options.
                         Board discretion                The Board has the absolute discretion to determine the terms and conditions
                                                         applicable to an offer under the EIP.
                         Consideration                   Nil.
                         Rights                          Each Right confers on its holder an entitlement to a Share, subject to satisfaction
                                                         of applicable conditions.
                         Restrictions on dealing         Shares allocated upon exercise of Performance Rights will rank equally with all
                                                         existing Ordinary Shares from the date of issue (subject only to the requirements
                                                         of Kogan.com’s Securities Trading Policy).
                                                         Upon vesting, there will be no disposal restrictions placed on the Ordinary Shares
                                                         issued to participants (subject only to the requirements of Kogan.com’s Securities
                                                         Trading Policy).
                         Lapse of Rights                 A Right will lapse upon the earliest to occur of:
                                                         •      Expiry date (relevant for Options);
                                                         •      Failure to meet vesting conditions;
                                                         •      Employment termination;
                                                         •      The participant electing to surrender the Right; and
                                                         •      Where, in the opinion of the Board, a participant deals with
                                                                a Right in contravention of any dealing restrictions under the EIP.




                                                                                                                                               35
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Remuneration Report continued


                        Performance Rights awarded to KMPs
                        The statutory values below represent the expenses incurred through the Consolidated Income Statement
                        and Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income Statement in accordance with AASB 2
                        Share-Based Payments.
                                                                                                                              STATUTORY VALUE
                                                                                                          Year               Value             Year          Value
                         Executive KMPs
                         R. Kogan                                                                        2024           389,280                2023              –
                         D. Shafer                                                                       2024            280,281               2023              –
                         Other KMPs




For personal use only
                         D. Balasoglou (from 1 July 2023)                                                2024               74,273             2023              –
                         G. MacKinlay (until 8 April 2024)                                               2024               (75,155)           2023          75,155
                         S. Barton (until 31 March 2023)                                                 2024                    –             2023              –
                         Total                                                                                          668,679                             75,155

                        Any discrepancies between totals, sums of components and percentage variances in this table are due to rounding.

                        The movement during the reporting period, by number of Performance Rights over Ordinary Shares in Kogan.com Ltd
                        held, directly, indirectly or beneficially, by each key management person, including their related parties, is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                          Vested &
                                                                                                                                                          Exercisa-
                                                                                                                                 Held at       Vested        ble at
                                                  Held at                                                                       30 June        during      30 June
                                              1 July 2023        Granted       Exercised         Lapsed       Forfeited           2024          FY24         2024
                         Executive KMP
                         R.Kogan                          –      303,504                 –               –              –      303,504                –          –
                         D. Shafer                        –       218,523                –               –              –       218,523               –          –
                         Other KMP
                         G. MacKinlay              84,270           5,748                –               –       (90,018)                  –          –          –
                         D. Balasoglou            40,000           57,498                –        (13,333)              –        84,165               –          –
                         Total                    124,270        585,273                 –       (13,333)        (90,018)       606,192               –          –

                        Performance Rights awarded to R. Kogan and D. Shafer were granted on 21 December 2023, following approval
                        at the 2023 AGM. Details of the grant, including vesting conditions, have been outlined earlier in this report within
                        the section FY24 Remuneration Framework.
                        Performance Rights awarded to D. Balasoglou were granted on 30 June 2024. Vesting of the FY24 granted
                        Performance Rights is scheduled as 50% at the end of August 2026 and 50% at the end of August 2027.
                        Vesting of the Performance Rights is subject to Adjusted EBITDA of Mighty Ape being at least 5% higher
                        per annum compounded since FY24, and subject to his ongoing employment with the Group.
                        Lapsed Performance Rights for D. Balasoglou were a result of not meeting the relevant vesting conditions attached.
                        Forfeited Performance Rights for G. MacKinlay were a result of her resignation on 8 April 2024.




                        36
                                                                                                                  kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Options awarded to KMPs
                        The statutory values below represent the expenses incurred through the Consolidated Income Statement
                        and Consolidated statement of Other Comprehensive Income Statement in accordance with AASB 2
                        Share‑Based Payments.
                                                                                                                             STATUTORY VALUE
                                                                                                          Year              Value              Year            Value
                         Executive KMPs
                         R. Kogan                                                                        2024                    –             2023        16,691,237
                         D. Shafer                                                                       2024                    –             2023         11,127,491
                         Other KMPs




For personal use only
                         D. Balasoglou (from 1 July 2023)                                                2024                    –             2023                 –
                         G. MacKinlay (until 8 April 2024)                                               2024                    –             2023                 –
                         S. Barton (until 31 March 2023)                                                 2024                    –             2023            34,137
                         Total                                                                                                   –                        27,852,865

                        Any discrepancies between totals, sums of components and percentage variances in this table are due to rounding.

                        The movement during the reporting period, by number of Options over Ordinary Shares in Kogan.com Ltd held,
                        directly, indirectly or beneficially, by each key management person, including their related parties, is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                           Vested &
                                                                                                                                                           Exercisa-
                                                                                                                                Held at        Vested         ble at
                                                  Held at                                                                      30 June         during       30 June
                                              1 July 2023        Granted       Exercised         Lapsed       Forfeited          2024           FY24          2024
                         Executive KMP
                         R. Kogan              3,600,000                  – (3,600,000)                  –              –                  –          –             –
                         D. Shafer             2,400,000                  – (2,400,000)                  –              –                  –          –             –
                         Other KMP
                         G. MacKinlay                     –               –              –               –              –                  –          –             –
                         D. Balasoglou                    –               –              –               –              –                  –          –             –
                         Total                6,000,000                   – (6,000,000)                  –              –                  –          –             –

                        It was announced on 4 April 2024 that both Ruslan Kogan and David Shafer had collectively exercised 6,000,000
                        Options granted to them during the 2020 AGM.
                        The Deed associated with these Options allowed for either equity-settlement or cash-settlement, based on the
                        Board’s discretion. At the time of granting the Options, they were valued in-the-money and the intention was to
                        equity-settle them upon vesting. The Options were fully vested by 30 June 2023, with the value of the share-based
                        payment reserve amounting to $66,536,098.
                        On 4 April 2024, the Board exercised their discretion to cash-settle the Options primarily to avoid dilution of other
                        Shareholders’ interest. This discretion was exercised following a review of the Company’s Balance Sheet and current
                        initiatives (no immediate merger & acquisition activity and available cash reserves following the commencement
                        of a Buy Back).
                        At the time of exercise, the 20-day VWAP was $8.224 per Option, and the strike price associated with the
                        Options was $5.29. This resulted in a cash payment of $17,604,000, being [$8.224 – $5.29] x 6,000,000 Options,
                        against the share-based payments reserve. The remaining value of the Options in the Share-based Payments
                        reserve, of $48,932,098, will remain indefinitely.




                                                                                                                                                                    37
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Remuneration Report continued


                        Independent Non-Executive Directors remuneration
                        Kogan.com’s Independent Non-Executive Director remuneration policy is set up to attract and retain Directors with
                        the experience, knowledge, expertise and acumen to manage the Company.
                        Each of the Independent Non-Executive Directors has entered into appointment letters with Kogan.com, confirming
                        the terms of their appointment, their roles and responsibilities and Kogan.com’s expectations of them as Directors.
                        Under the Constitution, the Board may decide the remuneration from Kogan.com to which each Director is entitled
                        for their services as a Director. However, under the ASX Listing Rules, the total amount paid to all Non-Executive
                        Directors for their services must not exceed in aggregate in any financial year the amount fixed at Kogan.com’s
                        general meeting.
                        This amount has been fixed by Kogan.com at $800,000 per annum (FY23: $800,000 per annum). Any change to that
                        aggregate annual sum needs to be approved by Shareholders.




For personal use only
                        The annual Independent Non-Executive Directors’ fees paid or payable to Greg Ridder (as Chairman of the Board),
                        Harry Debney (as Chairman of the Audit & Risk Management Committee), Janine Allis and James Spenceley
                        (as Chairman of the Remuneration & Nomination Committee) for FY24 was $185,000, $110,000, $95,000 and
                        $110,000, respectively.
                        Included within Harry Debney’s and James Spenceley’s fees is $15,000 per annum to acknowledge the additional
                        duties linked to chairing the Audit & Risk Management Committee and Remuneration & Nomination Committee.
                        Independent Non-Executive Directors are not eligible to participate in Kogan.com’s short-term or long-term
                        incentive programs.
                        All Directors’ fees include superannuation payments, to the extent applicable.


                        COMPANY PERFORMANCE
                        Relationship to remuneration policy
                        In considering the consolidated entity’s performance and the benefits of Shareholder wealth, the Committee
                        considered a range of indicators in respect of senior executive remuneration and linked these to the previously
                        described short and long term incentives.
                        At Kogan.com, we remunerate our KMP in a way which:
                        •    Aims to align executive interests with Shareholders;
                        •    Is sufficiently competitive in the marketplace to enable us to attract, retain, and motivate exceptional talent; and
                        •    Encourages and rewards the behaviours and outcomes that will deliver business success and a good return for
                             our Shareholders.
                        To achieve this, we set challenging targets and monitor performance against them closely.
                        We have strengthened the connection between our key reward metrics and our business strategy by adapting the
                        performance conditions used for our STI.
                        We remain committed to the use of stretch performance metrics, and recognise the importance of having
                        performance conditions that are linked to customer engagement.




                        38
                                                                                                                   kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Shareholder wealth
                        The following table presents these indicators showing the impact of the Company’s performance on Shareholder
                        wealth, during the financial years:
                                                                                      FY20                FY21               FY22               FY23               FY24
                         Revenue ($m)                                                 497.9              780.7               718.5              489.5             459.7
                         Net Profit/(Loss) after income tax (NPAT)                     26.8                 3.5              (35.5)              (25.9)              0.1
                         Adjusted NPAT14                                               30.0               44.9                  0.5                (6.4)            21.0
                         Earnings per Share (EPS)                                      0.29                0.03              (0.33)             (0.24)             0.00
                         Adjusted EPS                                                  0.32               0.42               0.00               (0.04)             0.20
                         EBITDA12 ($m)                                                 46.5                22.5               (21.8)            (20.8)             36.0
                         Adjusted EBITDA14 ($m)                                        49.7                61.8                18.9                 6.8            40.0




For personal use only
                         Dividends paid ($m)                                           14.8                31.3                   –                   –              7.5
                         Share price at 30 June                                       14.72               11.58                2.78               4.85              4.17

                        Any discrepancies between totals, sums of components and percentage variances in this table are due to rounding.

                        Profit amounts have been calculated in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards (AASB).
                        EBITDA12 is calculated based on the operating profit before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation.


                        DETAILS OF REMUNERATION
                        KMP realised remuneration
                        The table below is a voluntary non-statutory disclosure that displays actual cash remuneration (“realised remuneration”)
                        that the KMPs received in FY24 and FY23. It includes cash salary, amounts paid out upon resignation, superannuation
                        contributions, STI received, LTI that vested during the period and cash from the exercise of Options.
                        This information differs from the statutory remuneration table found on the following page, which includes the
                        expense from vested & unvested awards, along with other long-term benefits, in accordance with Australian
                        Accounting Standards.
                                                                                                                                  Mighty Ape
                                                                                   Fixed            Payment           Received – acquisition
                                                                               Remunera-                upon        on exercise       related Total realised
                                                                    Year           tion15         resignation        of Options remuneration remuneration
                         Executive KMPs
                         R. Kogan                                  2024           800,000                     –     10,562,400                       –      11,362,400
                         D. Shafer                                 2024           576,000                     –       7,041,600                      –        7,617,600
                         Other KMPs
                         D. Balasoglou                             2024            310,589                   –               –                       –        310,589
                         G. MacKinlay                              2024            199,419             179,216               –                       –        378,635
                         Total                                                  1,886,008              179,216      17,604,000 16                    –     19,669,224
                         Executive KMPs
                         R. Kogan                                  2023           448,792                     –                  –                   –         448,792
                         D. Shafer                                 2023           388,292                     –                  –                   –         388,292
                         Other KMPs
                         G. MacKinlay                              2023           235,745                     –                  –                   –        235,745
                         S. Barton                                 2023            170,399                    –                  –          14,242,881     14,413,280
                         Total                                                  1,243,229                     –                  –         14,242,881      15,486,109

                        Any discrepancies between totals, sums of components and percentage variances in this table are due to rounding.

                        14. Non-IFRS measure. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted NPAT excludes non-cash items such as unrealised gains/(losses), equity-based compensation,
                            and one-off non-recurring items.
                        15. Includes cash salary and superannuation consistent with statutory remuneration table in the next section, excluding accrued annual
                            leave entitlements.
                        16. As at 30 June 2024, a final outstanding payment in relation to PAYG was owing to the ATO of $4,184,827. Amounts owing directly to R. Kogan and
                            D. Shafer were fully paid as at 30 June 2024.
                                                                                                                                                                        39
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Remuneration Report continued


                        KMP statutory remuneration
                        Details of the statutory remuneration to the executive Key Management Personnel is set out below.
                                                                                                                  EQUITY-                        OTHER
                                                                                                           LONG-    BASED                        LONG-
                                                                                    POST-                   TERM COMPEN-                          TERM
                                                        SHORT‑TERM               EMPLOYMENT              BENEFITS  SATION                      BENEFITS

                                                                                                                                                 Mighty
                                                                                                                                                    Ape
                                                                                                                                              – acquisi-
                                                                                           Payment        Annual                                     tion
                                                                 Short-         Super-         upon        & Long       Share-                   related
                                                       Cash       Term          annua-      resigna-      Service       Based                remunera-
                                                      Salary Incentives            tion          tion       Leave    Payments          Total         tion        Total




For personal use only
                                            Year          ($)        ($)             ($)           ($)         ($)         ($)           ($)           ($)         ($)
                         Executive KMPs
                         R. Kogan           2024     772,601     900,000        27,399              –      72,326     389,280      2,161,605            –    2,161,605
                         D. Shafer          2024    548,601      648,000        27,399              –      51,356     280,281     1,555,638             –    1,555,638
                         Other KMPs
                         D. Balasoglou      2024     298,871              –      11,718             –      23,910       74,273      408,772             –     408,772
                         G. MacKinlay       2024     190,398              –      9,021       179,216       34,431      (75,155)      337,911            –      337,911
                         Total                     1,810,471 1,548,000          75,536      179,216       182,023     668,679 4,463,926                 – 4,463,926
                         Executive KMPs
                         R. Kogan           2023    423,500               –     25,292              –      39,645 16,691,237      17,179,675            –    17,179,675
                         D. Shafer          2023    363,000               –     25,292              –      33,982    11,127,491 11,549,765              – 11,549,765
                         Other KMPs
                         G. MacKinlay       2023    228,879               –      6,866              –      30,040       75,155     340,940              –     340,940
                         S. Barton          2023     170,399              –           –             –       5,060       34,137      209,596 (3,885,469) (3,675,873)
                         Total                     1,185,778              –     57,451              –     108,726 27,928,021 29,279,976 (3,885,469) 25,394,507

                        Any discrepancies between totals, sums of components and percentage variances in this table are due to rounding.


                        Mighty Ape – acquisition-related remuneration
                        Mighty Ape acquisition related remuneration refers to the payment of Mighty Ape Tranche 4 purchase price
                        instalment as a part of the Sale Agreement. Tranche 4 was contingent on the Mighty Ape Founder, Simon Barton,
                        remaining with the business until the delivery of the financial year 2023 result. In line with accounting standards,
                        the Tranche 4 payment was considered as compensation for post-combination services, and as such, treated as
                        employee remuneration for accounting purposes. The company accounted for these expenses up until 31 March 2023.
                        The negative statutory value of $3,885,469 in FY23 relates to a reversal of the over provision for Tranche 4 payment
                        of the Mighty Ape Acquisition in prior years.




                        40
                                                                                                                  kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Non-Executive Directors’ remuneration
                        The table below sets out the remuneration paid to Non-Executive Directors:
                                                                                                                                     POST-
                                                                                                          SHORT-TERM          EMPLOYMENT-
                                                                                                            BENEFITS              BENEFITS
                                                                                                                              Superannuation                Total
                                                                                                Year       Total fees ($)                 ($)                 ($)
                         Greg Ridder                                                           2024              185,000                        –        185,000
                         Harry Debney                                                          2024               110,000                       –         110,000
                         Janine Allis                                                          2024               95,000                        –         95,000
                         James Spenceley                                                       2024               110,000                       –         110,000




For personal use only
                         Total                                                                                  500,000                         –        500,000
                         Greg Ridder                                                           2023              185,000                        –        185,000
                         Harry Debney                                                          2023               110,000                       –         110,000
                         Janine Allis                                                          2023               95,000                        –         95,000
                         James Spenceley                                                       2023               95,000                        –         95,000
                         Total                                                                                  485,000                         –        485,000

                        Any discrepancies between totals, sums of components and percentage variances in this table are due to rounding.



                        EQUITY INSTRUMENTS
                        Kogan.com successfully listed on the ASX on 7 July 2016. The following table presents the interests of each
                        Director/Key Management Personnel held directly, indirectly or beneficially, including their related parties.
                                                                                 No. Shares held           % ownership         No. shares held       % ownerships
                                                                                           2024                  2024                    2023               2023
                         Ruslan Kogan                                                   15,853,321                 15.76%            15,853,321           15.08%
                         David Shafer                                                    3,225,642                   3.21%            5,225,642            4.97%
                         Greg Ridder                                                       158,000                   0.16%                 158,000          0.15%
                         Harry Debney                                                       98,099                  0.10%                   98,099         0.09%
                         Janine Allis                                                         14,761                0.01%                   14,761         0.01%
                         James Spenceley                                                    10,000                  0.01%                   10,000         0.01%
                         Gracie MacKinlay                                                       500                 0.00%                     500          0.00%
                         Daniel Balasoglou                                                          –                   –%                      –             –%
                         Simon Barton                                                               –                   –%                      –             –%




                                                                                                                                                                41
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Remuneration Report continued



                        EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS AND OTHER KMP SERVICE AGREEMENTS
                        Notice and termination payments
                        Executives are on contracts with no fixed end date.
                        The following table captures the notice periods applicable to the termination of the Executive KMP and Other
                        KMP employment:
                                                                                                                               Termination
                                                                                                                                 payments
                                                                                           Termination       Termination          provided
                                                                                             notice by         notice by          for under
                                                                                            Kogan.com          employee            contract
                         Executive KMP




For personal use only
                         CEO                                                                 12 months         12 months         12 months
                         CFO, COO                                                             6 months          6 months          6 months
                         Other KMP
                         CEO – Mighty Ape                                                     6 months          6 months          6 months
                         CFO – Mighty Ape                                                     6 months          6 months          6 months


                        Executive and Other KMP Service Agreements
                        Prior to the Company’s ASX Listing on 7 July 2016, Ruslan Kogan and David Shafer were not subject to employment
                        arrangements and instead received profit distributions proportional to their shareholding in the Group.
                        Subsequent to Listing, Ruslan Kogan and David Shafer entered into employment contracts.
                        Gracie MacKinlay was determined to be a KMP following her promotion to Chief Executive Officer – Mighty Ape
                        on 6 June 2022, until her resignation on 8 April 2024.
                        Daniel Balasoglou was determined to be a KMP as of 1 July 2023, in his capacity as CFO, having joined the business
                        in May 2023. He continues to be considered a KMP, as CEO of Mighty Ape since 8 April 2024.

                        Chief Executive Officer
                        Mr. Kogan is employed in the position of Chief Executive Officer of Kogan.com.
                        Kogan.com has entered into an employment contract with Mr. Kogan to govern his employment with Kogan.com.
                        Mr. Kogan or Kogan.com may terminate Mr. Kogan’s employment by giving 12 months’ notice. Kogan.com may elect
                        to make payment in lieu of notice. Kogan.com may terminate Mr. Kogan’s employment without notice in circumstances
                        warranting summary dismissal.
                        Upon termination of Mr. Kogan’s employment, Mr. Kogan will be subject to a restraint of trade period of 12 months
                        during which time Mr. Kogan cannot compete with Kogan.com or provide services in any capacity to a competitor
                        of Kogan.com or solicit suppliers, clients or employees of Kogan.com. The enforceability of the restraint clause
                        is subject to all usual legal requirements.
                        The Board may invite Mr. Kogan to participate in Kogan.com’s incentive programs.




                        42
                                                                                                  kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer
                        Mr. Shafer is employed in the position of Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Kogan.com.
                        Kogan.com has entered into an employment contract with Mr. Shafer to govern his employment with Kogan.com.
                        Mr. Shafer and Kogan.com may terminate Mr. Shafer’s employment by giving 6 months’ notice. Kogan.com may elect
                        to make payment in lieu of notice. Kogan.com may terminate Mr. Shafer’s employment without notice in circumstances
                        warranting summary dismissal.
                        Upon termination of Mr. Shafer’s employment, Mr. Shafer will be subject to a restraint of trade period of 6 months
                        during which time Mr. Shafer cannot compete with Kogan.com or provide services in any capacity to a competitor
                        of Kogan.com or solicit suppliers, clients or employees of Kogan.com. The enforceability of the restraint clause
                        is subject to all usual legal requirements.




For personal use only
                        The Board may invite Mr. Shafer to participate in Kogan.com’s incentive programs.

                        Chief Executive Officer – Mighty Ape
                        Mrs. MacKinlay resigned on 8 April 2024 from her position as Chief Executive Officer of Mighty Ape. Upon her
                        resignation, no restraint of trade period was applied.
                        Mr. Balasoglou has been employed in the position of Chief Executive Officer of Mighty Ape since 8 April 2024.
                        Kogan.com has entered into an employment contract with Mr. Balasoglou to govern his employment with Mighty Ape.
                        Mr. Balasoglou or Mighty Ape may terminate Mr. Balasoglou’s employment by giving 6 months’ notice. Mighty Ape
                        may elect to make payment in lieu of notice. Mighty Ape may terminate Mr. Balasoglou’s employment without notice
                        in circumstances warranting summary dismissal.
                        Upon termination of Mr. Balasoglou’s employment, Mr. Balasoglou will be subject to a restraint of trade period
                        of 6 months during which time Mr Balasoglou cannot compete with Mighty Ape or provide services in any capacity
                        to a competitor of Mighty Ape or solicit suppliers, clients or employees of Mighty Ape. The enforceability of the
                        restraint clause is subject to all usual legal requirements.
                        The Board may invite Mr. Balasoglou to participate in Kogan.com’s incentive programs.


                        KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL TRANSACTIONS
                        Transactions between related parties are on normal commercial terms and conditions no more favourable than those
                        available to other parties unless otherwise stated.
                        The following transactions occurred with related parties:
                        Kogan Australia Pty Ltd entered into a logistics Services Agreement with eStore Logistics Pty Ltd (“eStore”), in a prior
                        financial period, in relation to the provision of warehousing, distribution and logistics services by eStore to Kogan
                        Australia Pty Ltd. Mr Kogan is a minority shareholder and Director of eStore. The agreement was entered into on arm’s
                        length terms.
                                                                                                                    CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                          2024           2023
                         KMP               Transaction type                                                               $000           $000
                         Ruslan Kogan      Purchases from eStore warehousing                                              1,852           3,851

                        As at 30 June 2024, the total liability to eStore Logistics Pty Ltd was $117,994 (30 June 2023: $253,873).
                        The Directors’ report is signed on behalf of the Board in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




                                                                                                                                              43
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Environmental, Social and Governance

                        GOVERNANCE
                        At Kogan.com, the Board of Directors and senior management prioritise strong corporate governance and
                        transparency. Our Board operates with a majority of independent members and is supported by the independent
                        Audit & Risk Committee and the Remuneration & Nomination Committee. Both the Audit & Risk Management
                        Committee and the Remuneration & Nomination Committee meet at least 3 times per year to carry out
                        their responsibilities.
                        Kogan.com is committed to upholding the ASX Listing Rules and the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) through our
                        Continuous Disclosure Policy. We ensure that key information, including financial reports and continuous disclosure
                        announcements, is filed with the ASX and is readily accessible on our Corporate Website.


                        MODERN SLAVERY AND ETHICAL SOURCING




For personal use only
                        Kogan.com is dedicated to adhering to the Australian Modern Slavery Act 2018 and continuously improving our
                        efforts to uphold human rights. Our Modern Slavery Statement, aligned with the Commonwealth Modern Slavery
                        Act 2018 Guidance for Reporting Entities, details the measures we take to mitigate modern slavery risks in our
                        operations and supply chain. This statement is available on our Corporate Website.
                        With a complex global supply chain, Kogan.com is committed to ethical sourcing. We partner exclusively with
                        suppliers who meet the stringent requirements of our Ethical & Sustainable Sourcing Policy and prefer those with
                        internationally recognised accreditations, such as BSCI. Our risk-based approach identifies areas prone to modern
                        slavery, and we detail our risk assessments and mitigation strategies in our Modern Slavery Statement.


                        OUR TEAM
                        Our success is driven by a dynamic, high-performing team. Central to our business, our team embodies a culture
                        of innovation and efficiency, helping us deliver remarkable value for our customers.
                        Our training initiatives, such as Lunch & Learns and hackathons, are designed to enhance engagement, foster career
                        development, and create growth opportunities for our team members. Additionally, our highly skilled Software
                        Engineering team hosts “Tech Talks” and industry Meetups to share insights and connect with other professionals
                        in their field.
                        At Kogan.com, we are committed to nurturing talent from within. We support the professional growth of our team
                        members and frequently promote internally, reflecting our dedication to their career advancement.
                        We believe that a diverse workplace is built through merit-based decision-making, which is essential for fostering
                        equal opportunity, diversity, and inclusion. Our Equal Opportunity, Merit, and Diversity Policy, available on our
                        Corporate Website, guides our approach to creating an inclusive culture.
                        We remain steadfast in our commitment to gender and cultural diversity, ensuring that all team members have equal
                        opportunities based on merit. Our learning and development budget is allocated to further enhance the skills of our
                        team members in their respective fields.
                        Our people and culture are the core of our business operations and crucial to our success.


                        SAFETY, HEALTH AND WELLBEING
                        The safety, health, and wellbeing of our team are top priorities. We have implemented a flexible work model for our
                        team members as well as providing all the necessary facilities to offer a productive and safe office environment.
                        The health and wellbeing, including mental health, of our team members is imperative. There are various health and
                        wellbeing related activities the team are encouraged to participate in including yoga, pilates, meditation, Kogan.com
                        Fitness Squad activities including marathons, fun runs, Corporate Games, team group social activities and team
                        event celebrations (onsite and virtual) to keep the team connected. In addition, all team members have access
                        to the Company’s independent and confidential Employee Assistance Program (EAP).




                        44
                                                                                                    kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        OUR VALUES
                        Each team member is encouraged to work according to the Company’s core values, which ensure that we individually
                        and collectively maintain focus on putting our customers first, being honest with ourselves and each other and being
                        the pioneers of our industry to deliver on the Company’s long term growth strategy.



                           Put our customer first
                           Deliver on promises and delight customers. Win customers for life. Use your creativity, imagination and energy
                           to deliver value.

                           Have fun




For personal use only
                           Don’t take yourself too seriously. Be positive and work as a team. Treat others as you'd like to be treated.

                           Be honest
                           With yourself, customers & co-workers. Confront the facts, even the hard ones. Think from first principles.

                           Pioneer
                           Experiment, fail fast, learn quickly, fix things quickly, and repeat. Embrace technology and change. Have an
                           open mind and don’t be afraid of a challenge. We're changing the way people shop. There is always a better
                           way – challenge the status quo.

                           Do more with less
                           Do things in the most efficient way possible. Being frugal allows us to keep prices low for customers.

                           Keep it real
                           Focus on doing good, not looking good. Ensure merit-based decisions by placing facts at the heart of your
                           processes. Concentrate on real life results and being objective. Always put health and safety first; nothing is
                           more important.

                           Have high expectations
                           Work collaboratively, give your best in your work, and expect the same of the team.

                           Think long term
                           We're creating customers for life and a company that's built to last. Take the short term pain for a long term gain.

                           Step up
                           Do what it takes. Solve problems that need to be solved. Be a doer.




                                                                                                                                                  45
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration




                                          Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration under
                                          Section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001




For personal use only
                                           To the Directors of Kogan.com Ltd

                                           I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the audit of Kogan.com Ltd for the
                                           financial year ended 30 June 2024 there have been:

                                                    i.       no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements as set out in the
                                                             Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and
                                                    ii.      no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.




                                           KPM_INI_01


                                           PAR_SIG_01     PAR_NAM_01   PAR_POS_01   PAR_DAT_01   PAR_CIT_01




                                           KPMG                                                     Suzanne Bell

                                                                                                    Partner

                                                                                                    Melbourne

                                                                                                    26 September 2024




                             KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG
                             International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. The KPMG name and logo are trademarks used
                             under license by the independent member firms of the KPMG global organisation. Liability limited by a scheme approved under
                             Professional Standards Legislation.




                        46
                                                                                                   kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Financial Report

                        CONTENTS

                        48 Consolidated Income Statement and Consolidated              94 Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement
                           Statement of Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                       95 Directors’ Declaration
                        49 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                       96 Independent Auditor’s Report
                        50 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                       101 Shareholder Information
                        51   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                       104 Corporate Directory
                        52 Notes to the Financial Statements
                        52 BASIS OF PREPARATION
                             52 a. Principles of Consolidation




For personal use only
                             52 b. Uses of Judgements and Estimates
                             53   c. Common Control Transaction
                             53   d. Functional and Presentation Currency
                             53   e. Adoption of new or amended accounting standards
                                  and future accounting developments
                        54 SEGMENT INFORMATION
                             54 a. Basis of segmentation
                             54 b. Segment information provided to the Board
                        55 SECTION 1: BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
                             55 1.1 Revenue
                             57   1.2 Expenses
                             57   1.3 Tax Balances
                             60 1.4 Notes to the Cash Flow Statement
                        61   SECTION 2: OPERATING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                             61   2.1 Working Capital
                             65 2.2 Intangible Assets
                             69 2.3 Property, Plant and Equipment
                        71   SECTION 3: CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND FINANCING
                             71   3.1 Loans and Borrowings
                             72   3.2 Capital and Financial Risk Management
                             80 3.3 Issued Capital and Reserves
                             82 3.4 Dividends
                             82 3.5 Earnings per Share
                        83 SECTION 4: GROUP STRUCTURE
                             83 4.1 Controlled Entities
                             84 4.2 Deed of Cross Guarantee
                             84 4.3 Parent Entity Disclosures
                             85 4.4 Related Parties
                        86 SECTION 5: EMPLOYEE REWARD AND RECOGNITION
                             86 5.1 Key Management Personnel Compensation
                             87 5.2 Incentive Plans
                        93 SECTION 6: OTHER
                             93   6.1 Subsequent Events
                             93   6.2 Remuneration of Auditors
                             93   6.3 Commitments
                             93   6.4 Contingent Liabilities
                             93   6.5 Company Information




                                                                                                                                     47
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Consolidated Income Statement
                        and Consolidated Statement
                        of Other Comprehensive Income
                        For the Year Ended 30 June 2024


                                                                                                  CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                      2024         2023
                                                                                          Note       $000’s      $000’s
                         Revenue                                                            1.1     459,703     489,494
                         Cost of sales                                                     1.2a     (291,266)   (352,931)
                         Gross profit                                                               168,437     136,563




For personal use only
                         Selling and distribution expenses                                           (57,528)    (54,215)
                         Warehouse expenses                                                           (7,376)    (13,549)
                         Administrative expenses                                                     (81,140)   (103,073)
                         Other expenses                                                               (2,135)     (2,072)
                         Results from operating activities                                           20,258     (36,346)
                         Finance income                                                                1,614        853
                         Finance costs                                                    1.2b         (545)     (2,660)
                         Unrealised (loss)/gain                                                         (107)         96
                         Net finance income/(cost)                                                      962        (1,711)
                         Profit/(Loss) before income tax                                             21,220     (38,057)
                         Tax (expense)/benefit                                              1.3      (21,137)    12,205
                         Profit/(Loss) after income tax                                                  83     (25,852)
                         Other comprehensive income
                         Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
                         Exchange (loss)/gain on translation of foreign operations                      (181)       451
                         Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                                 (181)       451
                         Total comprehensive (loss) for the year                                        (98)    (25,401)

                         Basic earnings/(losses) per Ordinary Share                       3.5a         0.00        (0.24)
                         Diluted earnings/(losses) per Ordinary Share                     3.5b         0.00        (0.23)

                        The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.




                        48
                                                                                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Consolidated Statement
                        of Financial Position
                        As at 30 June 2024
                                                                                                      CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                         2024         2023
                                                                                             Note       $000’s       $000’s
                         ASSETS
                         CURRENT ASSETS
                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                       41,183      65,438
                         Trade and other receivables                                         2.1.2a       6,770       5,432
                         Inventories                                                          2.1.1      73,391      68,158
                         Other financial assets                                                             152         146
                         Prepayments and other assets                                        2.1.2b       3,467       2,928




For personal use only
                         Current tax assets                                                     1.3         217         755
                         TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS                                                           125,180     142,857
                         NON-CURRENT ASSETS
                         Property, plant and equipment                                         2.3       24,693       17,214
                         Intangible assets                                                     2.2       84,243      88,153
                         Deferred tax assets                                                    1.3       9,314      25,834
                         TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS                                                       118,250     131,201
                         TOTAL ASSETS                                                                  243,430      274,058

                         LIABILITIES
                         CURRENT LIABILITIES
                         Trade and other payables                                            2.1.3a      72,886      61,429
                         Acquisition payables                                                2.1.3a           –      10,957
                         Lease liabilities                                                   2.1.3b       7,553       7,532
                         Current tax liabilities                                                1.3       1,353           –
                         Employee benefits                                                                1,958       1,743
                         Provisions                                                                       3,012       2,862
                         Deferred income                                                     2.1.3c       17,167      13,155
                         TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                      103,929      97,678
                         NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
                         Lease liabilities                                                   2.1.3b      15,482       8,200
                         Employee benefits                                                                  416         462
                         TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                   15,898       8,662
                         TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                              119,827     106,340
                         NET ASSETS                                                                     123,603     167,718

                         EQUITY
                         Issued capital                                                       3.3a      270,012     291,014
                         Merger reserve                                                       3.3c      (131,816)   (131,816)
                         Other reserves                                                                  55,776      71,431
                         Accumulated losses                                                             (70,369)     (62,911)
                         TOTAL EQUITY                                                                   123,603     167,718

                        The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements.




                                                                                                                           49
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Consolidated Statement
                        of Changes in Equity
                        For the Year Ended 30 June 2024
                                                                                                               CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                                             Share-
                                                                                                      Accum­                     Transla-     based
                                                                                          Share        ulated       Merger           tion payments               Total
                                                                                         Capital       losses       reserve      reserve    reserve             Equity
                                                                              Note        $000          $000          $000          $000      $000               $000
                         Balance at 1 July 2022                                         301,082       (37,059)      (131,816)        (828)      41,257      172,636
                         Comprehensive income
                         Net loss after tax                                                      –    (25,852)              –            –             –        (25,852)
                         Other comprehensive income                                              –            –             –         451              –           451
                         Total net loss and other                                                –    (25,852)              –         451              –    (25,401)




For personal use only
                         comprehensive income/(expense)
                         for the year
                         Transactions with owners, in their
                         capacity as owners
                         Issue of Ordinary Shares under                        3.3b           716             –             –            –         (716)              –
                         performance plans
                         Tax deduction for difference between                                    3            –             –            –             –              3
                         accounting expense and funds paid
                         to issue incentive plans
                         Equity-settled share-based payments                   5.2c              –            –             –            –       31,267          31,267
                         Share buy-back                                        3.3b      (10,787)             –             –            –             –        (10,787)
                         Total transactions with owners and                              (10,068)             –             –            –      30,551          20,483
                         other transfers
                         Balance at 30 June 2023                                         291,014       (62,911)     (131,816)        (377)      71,808          167,718

                         Balance at 1 July 2023                                          291,014       (62,911)     (131,816)        (377)      71,808          167,718
                         Comprehensive income
                         Net profit after tax                                                    –           83             –            –             –            83
                         Other comprehensive expense                                             –            –             –         (181)            –           (181)
                         Total net profit and other                                              –          83              –         (181)            –            (98)
                         comprehensive income/(expense)
                         for the year
                         Transactions with owners, in their
                         capacity as owners
                         Issue of Ordinary Shares under                        3.3b        1,809              –             –            –       (1,809)              –
                         performance plans
                         Equity-settled share-based payments                   5.2c              –            –             –            –        3,939           3,939
                         Share buy-back17                                      3.3b      (23,849)             –             –            –             –        (23,849)
                         Repurchase of equity18                                                  –            –             –            –      (17,604)        (17,604)
                         Dividend reinvestment plan                            3.3b         1,038       (1,038)             –            –             –              –
                         Dividends paid                                          3.4             –      (6,504)             –            –             –         (6,504)
                         Total transactions with owners                                  (21,002)       (7,542)             –            –     (15,474)     (44,018)
                         and other transfers
                         Balance at 30 June 2024                                        270,012       (70,369)      (131,816)        (558)      56,334      123,603

                        The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements.
                        17. Out of $23,849 thousand of share buy-back, $23,799 thousand was paid during FY24, leaving $50 thousand payables as at 30.06.2024.
                        18. Refer to the ASX announcement dated 4 April 2024 for details regarding the Exercise of Options for Cash Settlements.



                        50
                                                                                                                   kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                        For the Year Ended 30 June 2024

                                                                                                                                         CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                                               2024               2023
                                                                                                                             Note             $000’s             $000’s
                         CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
                         Receipts from customers                                                                                             519,229           509,930
                         Payments to suppliers and employees19                                                                             (488,724)           (432,295)
                         Interest received                                                                                                       1,614               853
                         Finance costs paid                                                                                                     (1,210)           (2,040)
                         Income tax paid                                                                                                       (2,723)             (5,591)
                         Net cash provided by operating activities                                                              1.4           28,186             70,857




For personal use only
                         CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
                         Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                                             (1,563)              (404)
                         Purchase of intangible assets                                                                                         (3,452)            (3,756)
                         Disposal of financial assets                                                                                                 -               351
                         Business acquisition net of acquired cash20                                                                          (10,943)           (14,243)
                         Net cash (used in) investing activities                                                                             (15,958)           (18,052)

                         CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
                         Dividends paid net of dividend reinvestment plan                                                                      (6,504)                   -
                         Repayment of loans & borrowings                                                                                     (10,000)            (36,033)
                         Draw down on debt facility                                                                                           10,000               1,033
                         Payments for shares bought back                                                                                     (23,799)            (10,787)
                         Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                                        (6,089)           (8,004)
                         Net cash (used in) financing activities                                                                             (36,392)            (53,791)
                         Net (decrease) in cash held                                                                                          (24,164)              (986)
                         Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of financial year                                                             65,438             66,230
                         Effects of exchange rate changes on cash                                                                                  (91)              194
                         Cash and cash equivalents at end of financial year                                                     3.2            41,183            65,438

                        The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements




                        19. Payments to suppliers and employees FY24 includes a $13,419 thousand payment for cash-settlement of the 2020 AGM Executive Options.
                            The total settlement value was $17,604 thousand, with the outstanding value relating to PAYG withholding payable to the ATO, which was settled
                            in August 2024 (FY25). Refer to the ASX announcement dated 4 April 2024 for details regarding the Exercise of Options for Cash Settlements.
                        20. FY24 related to the Mighty Ape acquisition Tranche 4 payment. FY23 related to the Mighty Ape acquisition Tranche 3 payment and the
                            Brosa acquisition.




                                                                                                                                                                         51
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        For the Year Ended 30 June 2024

                        BASIS OF PREPARATION
                        The financial report of Kogan.com Ltd and its controlled entities (“the Group”; “Kogan.com”) for the year ended
                        30 June 2024 was authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Directors on 26 September 2024.
                        The Group is a for-profit entity for financial reporting purposes under Australian Accounting Standards and the
                        nature of its operations and principal activities are described in the Director’s Report on page 20.
                        These General Purpose Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001,
                        Australian Accounting Standards, and Interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board, as well
                        as International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
                        Accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these financial statements are presented below and have been
                        consistently applied unless stated otherwise.




For personal use only
                        The accounting policies applied in these financial statements are the same as those applied in the Group’s
                        consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 30 June 2023.
                        Except for cash flow information, the financial statements have been prepared on an accruals basis and are
                        based on historical costs, modified, where applicable, by the measurement at fair value of financial assets and
                        financial liabilities.
                        Kogan.com is a Company of the kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports)
                        Instrument 2016/191 and in accordance with that instrument, amounts in the Directors’ Report and the Financial
                        Report are rounded to the nearest thousand dollars, except where otherwise indicated.

                        a. Principles of Consolidation
                        The consolidated financial statements incorporate all of the assets, liabilities and results of the Group, in line with
                        AASB 10 Consolidated Financial Statements. Subsidiaries are entities the parent controls. The parent controls an
                        entity when it’s exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from the involvement with the entity and has the ability
                        to affect those returns through its power over the entity. A list of the subsidiaries is provided in Note 4.1.a.
                        The assets, liabilities and results of all subsidiaries are fully consolidated into the financial statements of the Group
                        from the date on which control is obtained by the Group. The consolidation of a subsidiary is discontinued from the
                        date that the control ceases. Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains or losses on transactions
                        between group entities are fully eliminated on consolidation. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed
                        and adjustments made where necessary to ensure uniformity of the accounting policies adopted by the Group.

                        b. Uses of Judgements and Estimates
                        In preparing the financial report, management has made judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the
                        application of the Group’s accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.
                        Actual results may differ from these estimates.
                        Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
                        recognised prospectively.




                        52
                                                                                                      kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Estimates that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements are:
                        •   the valuation of Goodwill, which is based on value in use calculations.
                        •   the assessment of the carrying value of non-current assets, including intangible assets, which is based on
                            management’s assessment of the nature of the capitalised costs and their expected continued contribution
                            of economic benefit to the Group, having regard to actual and forecast performance and profitability.
                        •   the provision for slow moving and obsolete inventory, which is based on estimates of net realisable value.
                        Key estimates and judgements have not changed from those disclosed in the Group financial report for the year
                        ended 30 June 2023.

                        c. Common Control Transaction




For personal use only
                        On 6 July 2016 Kogan.com Ltd acquired control of Kogan Operations Holdings Pty Ltd and subsidiaries at book value
                        for consideration in preparation for the Initial Public Offering and the Group’s admission to the ASX on 7 July 2016
                        pursuant to a replacement prospectus dated 24 June 2016.

                        d. Functional and Presentation Currency
                        These consolidated financial statements are presented in Australian dollars, which is the Parent’s functional currency.

                        e. Adoption of new or amended accounting standards and future accounting developments
                        In the current year, the Group has adopted all of the new and revised Standards and Interpretations issued by the
                        Australian Accounting Standards Board (the AASB) that are relevant to its operations and effective for the current
                        annual reporting period. Their adoption has not had any material impact on the disclosures or on amounts reported
                        in these financial statements.
                        Additionally, the Group has incorporated a consolidated entity disclosure statement, a new mandatory annual disclosure
                        for public companies required under Section 295(3A) of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), effective from 1 July 2023.
                        The following Standards and Interpretations are issued but not yet effective. The effects of adopting these in the
                        following financial years are not expected to be material:
                        (i) AASB 2020-1 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Classification of Liabilities as Current
                            or Non-current and AASB 2020-6 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Classification
                            of Liabilities as Current or Non-current – Deferral of Effective Date (effective 1 January 2024);
                        (ii) AASB 2022-6 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
                             (effective 1 January 2024);
                        (iii) AASB 2023-1 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Supplier Finance Arrangements
                              (effective 1 January 2024);
                        (iv) AASB 2023-5 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Lack of Exchangeability
                             (effective 1 January 2025); and
                        (v) AASB 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (effective 1 January 2027).




                                                                                                                                             53
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued



                        SEGMENT INFORMATION
                        a. Basis of segmentation
                        The Group has the following two operating divisions, Kogan.com and Mighty Ape. These operating divisions offer
                        different products and services and are managed separately because they require different product sourcing and
                        marketing strategies.
                        The Board considers the business primarily from an operating divisions perspective, and receives monthly reports
                        that allow them to make strategic decisions about resource allocation to each. On this basis, management has
                        identified the operating divisions as the Group’s two reporting segments.
                        The Board monitors the performance of these two segments separately. The Group does not operate under any other
                        operating division.




For personal use only
                         REPORTABLE SEGMENTS                   OPERATIONS
                         Kogan.com                             Online retailer selling in-house and third-party brand products, providing premium
                                                               memberships, generating Platform-based revenue including seller fees for
                                                               marketplace sellers, commission-based telecommunication, internet, insurance,
                                                               utilities, and travel as well as advertising fees on Advertising platform.
                         Mighty Ape                            Online specialist retailer of gaming and entertainment products, also providing
                                                               premium subscriptions and commission-based telecommunication services
                                                               to customers.


                        b. Segment information provided to the Board
                        Information related to each reportable segment, split by primary geographical market, is set out below. Segment
                        Adjusted EBITDA is used to measure performance as management believes that this information is the most relevant
                        in evaluating the results of the respective segments relative to other entities that operate in the same sectors.
                         REPORTABLE SEGMENT                                         KOGAN.COM                             MIGHTY APE                     TOTAL
                                                                                                      (New                                 (New
                                                                              (Australia)          Zealand)        (Australia)          Zealand)
                         30 June 2024                                            $000’s             $000’s            $000’s             $000’s          $000’s
                         Segment revenue                                          277,816            35,354              11,197           135,336       459,703
                         Adjusted EBITDA                                           28,961              3,686                462             6,925       40,034
                         EBITDA                                                    25,334              3,224                464             6,965        35,987
                         Depreciation and amortisation                             (9,403)                  –                  –            (5,651)     (15,054)
                         EBIT                                                       15,931             3,224                464                 1,314    20,933
                         Interest expense                                             (680)                 –                  –                (647)     (1,327)
                         Interest income                                             1,302                  –                  –                 312       1,614
                         Profit before income tax                                  16,553              3,224                464                  979     21,220
                         Capital expenditure                                        (3,925)                 –                  –            (1,090)       (5,015)

                         Other segment information
                         Segment Assets                                          200,681               2,727                351            39,671       243,430
                         Non-current Segment Assets21                              96,538                   –                  –           12,398       108,936
                         Segment liabilities                                       94,466               1,872                  –           23,489       119,827




                        21. Non-current segment assets do not include deferred tax assets in accordance with AASB 8 Operating Segments 33(b).




                        54
                                                                                                                 kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                         REPORTABLE SEGMENT                                         KOGAN.COM                             MIGHTY APE                     TOTAL
                                                                                                      (New                                 (New
                                                                              (Australia)          Zealand)        (Australia)          Zealand)
                         30 June 2023                                            $000’s             $000’s            $000’s             $000’s          $000’s
                         Segment revenue                                         300,816             33,882             14,845            139,951       489,494
                         Adjusted EBITDA                                           (2,003)               (226)              603             8,439          6,813
                         EBITDA                                                   (26,470)            (2,982)               577             8,080       (20,795)
                         Depreciation and amortisation                              (11,412)                –                  –            (5,172)      (16,584)
                         EBIT                                                     (37,882)            (2,982)               577             2,908        (37,379)
                         Interest expense                                            (1,133)                –                  –                (398)     (1,531)




For personal use only
                         Interest income                                               751                  –                  –                 102        853
                         Profit before income tax                                 (38,264)            (2,982)               577                 2,612   (38,057)
                         Capital expenditure                                       (3,850)                  –                  –                (310)     (4,160)

                         Other segment information
                         Segment Assets                                           204,178             23,836              1,536           44,508        274,058
                         Non-current Segment Assets22                              92,869                   –                  –           12,498       105,367
                         Segment liabilities                                       78,638              2,726                   –           24,976       106,340


                        SECTION 1: BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
                        1.1 Revenue
                        Sale of goods
                        Revenue is recognised when the Group satisfies its performance obligation by transferring a promised good
                        to a customer. When a performance obligation is satisfied, the Group recognises as revenue the amount of the
                        transaction price which excludes the associated costs and possible return of goods. Prior to these conditions being
                        met, receipts from the sale of the goods are recorded in deferred income. Revenue is measured net of returns, trade
                        discounts and volume rebates.
                        The majority of sales undertaken by Kogan.com are through the website, where payment is received upfront.
                        Kogan.com is an online-only retailer. Each sale represents a separate identified contract with a customer for which
                        generally two performance obligations are expected: sales of goods and delivery revenue.
                        The timing of transfer of control varies depending on the individual terms of the sales agreement. For sale of goods,
                        transfer usually occurs upon dispatch of the goods, where control is contractually transferred to the customer.
                        For delivery income, the Company utilises various data points, including reports from Australia Post, to estimate
                        delivery completion times. Delivery fees are recognised from deferred income based on these estimates, typically
                        3 to 4 business days after dispatch.




                        22. Non-current segment assets do not include deferred tax assets in accordance with AASB 8 Operating Segments 33(b).




                                                                                                                                                               55
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued


                        Rendering of services
                        Revenue from the rendering of services is recognised when management has fulfilled its service obligations to the
                        Group’s customers, recovery of the consideration is probable, and the amount of revenue can be measured reliably.
                        Revenue is measured net of returns and trade discounts.
                        The timing of revenue recognition varies depending on the individual terms of the services agreement and the
                        contractual obligations of the Group.
                        Revenue from the rendering of services is deferred when a customer has paid up front but the Group has not yet
                        fulfilled its obligations to the customer, in line with the terms and conditions of sale.

                        Kogan FIRST Subscriptions
                        Revenue from Kogan FIRST Subscriptions is recognised when management has fulfilled its membership service




For personal use only
                        obligations to the Group's customers, noting collection of consideration is performed at the commencement
                        of the membership and is therefore able to be reliably measured. Revenue is measured net of returns.
                        There are two types of Kogan FIRST Subscriptions:
                        •     1 month subscription: revenue is recognised in the month when the Group received the membership fee;
                        •     12 month subscription: revenue is recognised over the 12-month subscription period in line with usage of
                              the subscription.

                        Advertising
                        Revenue from Advertising is recognised when management has fulfilled its advertising service obligations, recovery
                        of the consideration is probable, and the amount of revenue can be measured reliably. Revenue is measured net
                        of refunds.
                        The timing of revenue recognition varies depending on the individual terms of the advertising services agreement
                        and the contractual obligations of the Group.
                        Revenue from Advertising is deferred when a customer has paid up front but the Group has not yet fulfilled its
                        obligations to the customer, in line with the terms and conditions of advertising.

                                                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                                                         $000              $000
                            Revenue
                            Sales revenue:
                            Sale of goods23                                                                            370,193           419,992
                            Rendering of services                                                                        41,941           40,474
                            Kogan FIRST Subscriptions                                                                   43,667            26,283
                                                                                                                       455,801           486,749

                            Advertising & Other revenue:
                            Advertising                                                                                   3,474            1,627
                            Other                                                                                          428              1,118
                                                                                                                         3,902             2,745
                            Total revenue                                                                              459,703       489,494




                        23. Includes associated delivery fee income.




                        56
                                                                                                      kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        1.2 Expenses
                        1.2a Operating activities
                                                                                                                              2024             2023
                                                                                                                              $000             $000
                         Cost of sales                                                                                      291,266         352,931
                         Employee benefit expense
                             Share based payments expense                                                                     3,939           31,267
                             Defined contribution superannuation expense                                                      2,054            1,976
                             Other employee benefit expense                                                                  43,145          33,808
                                                                                                                             49,138           67,051




For personal use only
                         Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                               15,054          16,584


                        1.2b Finance costs
                                                                                                                              2024             2023
                                                                                                                              $000             $000
                         Realised foreign exchange (gains)/losses                                                             (1,270)           305
                         Finance costs on debt facilities                                                                        107             921
                         Interest expense– lease liabilities                                                                   1,219            609
                         Interest expense – other                                                                                  1                1
                         Bank fees                                                                                              488             824
                         Total finance costs                                                                                    545           2,660


                        1.3 Tax Balances
                        Income tax expense/(income) for the year comprises current income tax expense/(income) and deferred tax
                        expense/(income).
                        Current income tax expense charged to profit or loss is the tax payable on taxable income. Current tax liabilities/
                        (assets) are measured at the amounts expected to be paid to/(recovered from) the relevant taxation authority.
                        Deferred income tax expense reflects movements in deferred tax assets and deferred tax liability balances during
                        the year as well as unused tax losses.
                        Current and deferred income tax expense/(income) is charged or credited outside profit or loss when the tax relates
                        to items that are recognised outside profit or loss.
                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the
                        asset is realised or the liability is settled and their measurement also reflects the manner in which management
                        expects to recover or settle the carrying amount of the related assets or liability.
                        Deferred tax assets relating to temporary differences and unused tax losses are recognised only to the extent that it is
                        probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the benefits of the deferred tax asset can be utilised.
                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where: (i) a legally enforceable right of set-off exists; and (ii) the deferred
                        tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity
                        or different taxable entities where it is intended that net settlement or simultaneous realisation and settlement of the
                        respective asset and liability will occur in future periods in which significant amounts of deferred tax assets or liability
                        are expected to be recovered or settled.




                                                                                                                                                   57
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued



                                                                                                                                      CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                                             2024               2023
                                                                                                                                             $000               $000
                         The components of tax expense/(benefit) comprise:
                         Current Tax                                                                                                         4,620              3,702
                         Deferred Tax                                                                                                       16,520             (17,761)
                         (Over)/Under provision in respect of prior year                                                                          (3)           1,854
                         Income tax expense/(benefit) attributable to the Group                                                              21,137          (12,205)

                         The prima facie tax on profit/(loss) from ordinary activities before income tax
                         is reconciled to income tax as follows:




For personal use only
                         Profit/(loss) before tax from continuing operations                                                                21,220           (38,057)
                         Prima facie tax on profit/(loss) from ordinary activities before income tax at 30%                                  6,366             (11,417)
                         (2023: 30%):
                         •   Effect of expenses that are not deductible in determining taxable profit24                                     14,843                   119
                         •   Effect of revaluations that are not deductible in determining taxable profit                                          –                (569)
                         •   Effect of other deductibles in determining taxable profit                                                         (142)                 95
                         •   Effect of other non-allowable items (Mighty Ape Tranche 3 & 4)                                                       (4)           (1,166)
                         •   Effect of capital loss on disposal of Wonderfi shares                                                                 –                623
                         •   Effect of prior year losses recognised in current tax                                                                 –           (1,842)
                         •   Effect of variations in tax rates of foreign controlled entities                                                   (99)                (134)
                         •   (Over)/Under provision in respect of prior year                                                                      (3)           1,854
                         •   Other                                                                                                              176                 232
                         Income tax expense/(benefit) attributable to the Group                                                              21,137          (12,205)
                         The applicable weighted average effective tax rates are as follows:                                                 100%                   32%

                        Effective tax is impacted by the differences between when an amount of revenue or expense is recognised for
                        accounting purposes and when income and deductions are recognised under the tax laws. The Group’s consolidated
                        effective tax rate for the 12 months ended 30 June 2024 was 100% (for the 12 months ended 30 June 2023: 32%).
                        The FY24 income tax expense includes the release of a Deferred Tax Asset (DTA) that has no impact on the tax
                        payable in FY24 or in future years. The release was as a result of the difference between the value expensed for
                        the 2020 AGM Executive Options ($66,536 thousand – based on fair value at time of grant), and the actual cash
                        payment that occurred upon exercise ($17,604 thousand). Removing this non-cash adjustment, the Group’s
                        effective tax rate in FY24 was 30%.
                                                                                                                                      CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                                             2024               2023
                                                                                                                                             $000               $000
                         Current and deferred tax balances
                         Assets
                         Current tax asset                                                                                                      217                 755
                         Deferred tax asset                                                                                                   9,314           25,834
                         Total                                                                                                               9,531            26,589
                         Liabilities
                         Current tax liabilities                                                                                              1,353                    –
                         Total                                                                                                               1,353                     –

                        24. Includes $14,680 thousand non-cash deferred tax asset (DTA) adjustment, with corresponding impact to Income Tax Expense, arising from
                            cash-settlement of the 2020 AGM Executive Options.




                        58
                                                                                                             kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Movements in deferred tax balances
                         2024                                                                  BALANCE AT 30 JUNE

                                                                          Recog-                Recog-
                                                         Net                nised     Recog-      nised                             Deferred Deferred
                                                    balance     Under/   in profit      nised directly    Acquisi-                       tax         tax
                         $000                       at 1 July    Over      or loss     in OCI to equity     tions    Other      Net   assets liabilities
                         Property, plant
                         & equipment                  (3,491)       –       (408)          –         –          –        –   (3,899)          –     (3,899)
                         Intangible assets            (9,625)       –       1,292          –         –          –        –   (8,333)       657     (8,990)
                         Financial assets                (29)       –          29          –         –          –        –        –           –          –
                         Employee benefits               811        –          41          –         –          –        –      852        852           –




For personal use only
                         Provisions                   2,066         –       (1,119)        –         –          –        –      947        947           –
                         Deferred Income                   –        –           –          –         –          –        –        –           –          –
                         Lease Liability               2,518        –       1,241          –         –          –        –    3,759      3,759           –
                         Other items                    493         –         (141)        –         –          –        –      352        358          (6)
                         Share-based
                         payments reserve            21,542         –     (19,321)         –         –          –        –    2,221       2,221          –
                         Tax losses carried
                         forward                      11,549        –       1,866          –         –          –        –   13,415      13,415          –
                         Tax assets/(liabilities)
                         before set-off           25,834            –    (16,520)          –         –          –        –    9,314     22,209     (12,895)
                         Set-off of tax                                                                                           –     (12,895)   12,895
                         Net tax assets/
                         (liabilities)                                                                                        9,314      9,314           –



                         2023                                                                  BALANCE AT 30 JUNE

                                                                          Recog-                Recog-
                                                         Net                nised     Recog-      nised                             Deferred Deferred
                                                    balance     Under/   in profit      nised directly    Acquisi-                       tax         tax
                         $000                       at 1 July    Over      or loss     in OCI to equity     tions    Other      Net   assets liabilities
                         Property, plant
                         & equipment                  (5,256)       –       1,765          –         –          –        –    (3,491)       55      (3,546)
                         Intangible assets           (10,832)       –       1,207          –         –          –        –   (9,625)       256     (9,880)
                         Financial assets                  –        –         (29)         –         –          –        –      (29)          –        (29)
                         Employee benefits              828         –          (17)        –         –          –        –      811         811          –
                         Provisions                    3,001        –        (935)         –         –          –        –    2,066      2,066           –
                         Deferred Income                  86        –         (86)         –         –          –        –        –           –          –
                         Lease Liability               4,419        –      (1,901)         –         –          –        –    2,518      2,518           –
                         Other items                    825         –        (332)         –         –          –        –      493        493           –
                         Share-based
                         payments reserve             12,377        –       9,165          –         –          –        –   21,542     21,542           –
                         Tax losses carried
                         forward                       2,625        –      8,924           –         –          –        –   11,549     11,549           –
                         Tax assets/(liabilities)
                         before set-off               8,073         –      17,761          –         –          –        –   25,834     39,290     (13,456)
                         Set-off of tax                                                                                           –     (13,456)   13,456
                         Net tax assets/
                         (liabilities)                                                                                       25,834     25,834           –




                                                                                                                                                         59
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued


                        1.4 Notes to the Cash Flow Statement
                                                                                                            2024       2023
                                                                                                           $000’s     $000’s
                         Reconciliation of Cash Flows from Operating Activities with Profit/(Loss) after
                         Income Tax
                         Profit/(Loss) after income tax                                                        83     (25,852)
                         Non-cash flows in profit:
                         •   depreciation & amortisation                                                   15,054     16,584
                         •   provision for aged and slow-moving stock                                       (2,617)    (3,632)
                         •   issue of Performance Rights and Shares                                         3,939      31,267




For personal use only
                         •   income tax expense/(benefit)                                                   21,137    (12,205)
                         •   unrealised loss/(gain)                                                           107         (96)
                         •   Realised foreign exchange gain on Mighty Ape Tranche 4 payment                    (14)         -
                         •   Mighty Ape Tranche 3 & 4 Accrual                                                    -     (3,885)
                         •   Accrued short-term incentive payment                                           1,548           -
                         •   other                                                                            (121)       101
                         Changes in assets and liabilities:
                         •   (increase) in trade and term receivables                                       (1,363)    (1,063)
                         •   (increase) in prepayments and other assets                                      (645)       (139)
                         •   (increase)/decrease in inventories                                            (2,698)     95,919
                         •   (decrease) in trade payables and accruals                                     (7,847)    (20,709)
                         •   increase/(decrease) in deferred income                                         4,022        (647)
                         •   increase in provisions                                                           324        805
                         •   tax paid                                                                      (2,723)     (5,591)
                         Cash flows from operating activities                                              28,186     70,857




                        60
                                                                                                  kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        SECTION 2: OPERATING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                        2.1 Working Capital
                        2.1.1 Inventories
                        Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of inventories is based on the weighted
                        average cost principle and includes all direct costs attributable to purchase, such as freight and insurance.
                                                                                                                   CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                                                         $000            $000
                         CURRENT
                         Inventory in transit                                                                            5,487           7,553




For personal use only
                         Inventory on hand                                                                              67,904         60,605
                         Total inventories                                                                              73,391          68,158

                        In 2024, inventories of $291,266 thousand (2023: $352,931 thousand) were recognised as an expense during the year
                        and included in ‘cost of sales’.
                        In addition, inventories were reduced by $1,258 thousand (2023: $3,876 thousand) as a result of the write-down to net
                        realisable value, which was recognised as an expense during the year.

                        2.1.2a Trade and other receivables
                        Trade and other receivables include amounts due from customers for goods sold and services performed in the
                        ordinary course of business. Receivables expected to be collected within 12 months of the end of the reporting
                        period are classified as current assets.
                        Trade and other receivables are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using
                        the effective interest method, less any provision for impairment.
                                                                                                                     CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                                                         $000            $000
                         CURRENT
                         Trade receivables                                                                               3,468           4,422
                         Other receivables                                                                               3,302           1,010
                         Total trade and other receivables                                                               6,770          5,432




                                                                                                                                               61
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued


                        Credit risk
                        The Group has no significant concentration of credit risk with respect to any single counterparty or group
                        of counterparties other than those receivables specifically provided for and mentioned within Note 3.2.
                        The class of assets described as “trade and other receivables” is considered to be the main source of credit
                        risk related to the Group.
                        On a geographical basis, the Group has significant credit risk exposures in Australia given the substantial operations
                        in this region. The Group’s exposure to credit risk for receivables at the end of the reporting period in those regions
                        is as follows:
                                                                                                                      CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                           2024            2023
                         AUD                                                                                               $000            $000




For personal use only
                         Australia                                                                                         6,329           4,834
                         New Zealand                                                                                         441             598
                                                                                                                           6,770           5,432

                        The following table details the Group’s trade and other receivables exposed to credit risk with ageing analysis
                        and impairment provided for thereon. Amounts are considered as “past due” when the debt has not been settled,
                        within the terms and conditions agreed between the Group and the customer or counterparty to the transactions.
                        Receivables that are past due are assessed for impairment by ascertaining solvency of the debtors and are provided
                        for where there are specific circumstances indicating that the debt may not be fully repaid to the Group.
                        The balance of receivables that remain within initial trade terms (as detailed in the table) is considered to be of high
                        credit quality.
                                                                             PAST DUE BUT NOT IMPAIRED (DAYS OVERDUE)
                                                                              Past Due
                                                                 Gross             and
                                                                Amount        Impaired           < 30         31-60          61-90          > 90
                                                                  $000           $000           $000          $000           $000          $000
                         2024
                         Trade and term receivables                 4,977                –       2,569          1,998              82          328
                         Other receivables                           1,793               –        1,793               –              –             –
                         Total                                      6,770                –       4,362          1,998              82          328

                         2023
                         Trade and term receivables                 4,422                –       3,962            165              68          227
                         Other receivables                           1,010               –        1,010               –              –             –
                         Total                                      5,432                –       4,972            165              68          227




                        62
                                                                                                  kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        2.1.2b Prepayments and Other Current Assets
                                                                                                                   CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                                                         $000            $000
                         CURRENT
                         Prepayments                                                                                     3,220           2,681
                         Rental bond                                                                                       247               247
                         Total prepayments and other assets                                                              3,467          2,928


                        2.1.3a Trade and other payables




For personal use only
                        Trade and other payables represent the liabilities for goods and services received by the entity that remain unpaid at
                        the end of the reporting period. The balance is recognised as a current liability with the amounts normally paid within
                        45 days of recognition of the liability.
                                                                                                                   CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                                                         $000            $000
                         CURRENT
                         Trade payables                                                                                  47,174        40,924
                         Other payables                                                                                 25,712         20,505
                         Total Trade and other payables                                                                72,886          61,429


                         CURRENT
                         Mighty Ape Tranche 4                                                                                 –         10,957
                         Total Acquisition payables                                                                           –        10,957


                        Mighty Ape – acquisition-related remuneration
                        Mighty Ape acquisition related remuneration refers to the provision for the likely payment of Mighty Ape Tranche 4
                        purchase price instalments as part of the Sale Agreement. Tranche 4 was contingent on the Mighty Ape Founder
                        & former CFO, Simon Barton, remaining with the Business until the delivery of the financial year 2023 results.
                        In line with accounting standards, in FY23 Tranches 4 payment was considered as compensation for post-combination
                        services, and as such, treated as employee remuneration for accounting purposes. The Group proportionately
                        accounted for these expenses up until the payment date in Oct 2023.
                        In FY24, Tranche 4 of the Mighty Ape acquisition was paid to Simon Barton, totalling $10,957 thousand, completing
                        the final Mighty Ape acquisition tranche payment.




                                                                                                                                               63
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued


                        2.1.3b Lease liability
                        At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains,
                        a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
                        consideration. Lease liability contracts of the Group relate to warehouse space commitments, office premises and
                        logistics equipment, including forklifts. To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an
                        identified asset, the Group assesses whether:
                        •    The contract involves the use of an identified asset – this may be specified explicitly, and should be physically, or
                             represent substantially, all the capacity of a physically distinct asset. If the supplier has a substantive substitution
                             right, then the asset is not identified;
                        •    The Group has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from the use of the asset throughout
                             the period of use; and




For personal use only
                        •    The Group has the right to direct the use of asset. The Group has this right when it has the decision-making rights
                             that are most relevant to determining how and for what purpose the asset is used. In rare cases where all the
                             decisions about how and for what purpose the asset is used are predetermined, the Group has the right to direct
                             the use of the asset if either:
                             –   The Group has the right to operate the asset; or
                             –   The Group designed the asset in a way that predetermines how and for what purpose it will be used.

                        As a lessee
                        The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use
                        asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease
                        payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs
                        to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset, less any lease incentives received.
                        The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date
                        to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use or the end of the lease term. The estimated useful lives
                        of the right-of-use assets are determined on the same basis as those property, plant and equipment. In addition,
                        the right-of-use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements
                        of the lease liability.
                        The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
                        commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily
                        determined, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate
                        as the discount rate.
                        Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise:
                        •    fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments;
                        •    amounts expected to be payable under a residual guarantee; and
                        •    lease payments in an optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension option,
                             and penalties for early termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not to terminate early.
                        The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when there
                        is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group’s
                        estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee or if the Group changes its
                        assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option.
                        When the lease liability is re-measured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount
                        of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been
                        reduced to zero.




                        64
                                                                                                   kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property in ‘property, plant and
                        equipment’ and lease liabilities separately in the statement of financial position. As at 30 June 2024, the net carrying
                        amount of the right-of-use asset is $21,695 thousand (2023: $15,130 thousand), please refer to note 2.3.
                        The lease liability as of 30 June 2024 is presented below:

                        Lease liability – Maturity analysis
                                                                                                                          2024           2023
                         Maturity analysis – contractual undiscounted cash flows                                          $000           $000
                         Less than one year                                                                               8,737          8,644
                         One to five years                                                                              16,400           8,070
                         More than five years                                                                             1,052               –




For personal use only
                         Total undiscounted lease liabilities as at 30 June                                              26,189          16,714
                         Lease liabilities included in the statement of financial position as at 30 June                23,035           15,732
                         Current                                                                                          7,553           7,532
                         Non-current                                                                                     15,482          8,200


                        2.1.3c Deferred Income
                        Deferred Income relates to receipts from the sale of the goods which have not been dispatched, unfulfilled services
                        to be performed under the Group’s Kogan FIRST and Mighty Ape PRIMATE loyalty programs and advertising fees
                        received upfront with the obligation to be fulfilled in a future period as per the agreement.
                        Recognition of the deferred income balance from 30 June 2023 was recognised in its entirety in FY24, subject to any
                        subsequent refunds processed.
                                                                                                                          2024           2023
                                                                                                                          $000           $000
                         CURRENT
                         Deferred Income                                                                                  17,167         13,155
                         Total Deferred Income                                                                           17,167          13,155


                        2.2 Intangible Assets
                        (i) Patents and Trademarks
                        Patents and Trademarks relate to the Company’s private label exclusive products as well as brand names and
                        associated images across the various brands including Mighty Ape, Brosa, Matt Blatt, Dick Smith and Kogan.com.
                        They are measured at cost less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.
                        (ii) Website development and software costs
                        Website development and software costs are measured at cost less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated
                        impairment losses. Such development costs are only capitalised if they can be reliably measured, the process is
                        technically and commercially feasible, future economic benefits are probable, and the Group has sufficient resources
                        to complete development.

                        (iii) Intellectual property
                        Acquired intellectual property, including customer lists, which enable direct marketing of products and services,
                        are capitalised to the extent it is probable that expected future economic benefits attributable to the asset will
                        flow to the entity, and the cost can be reliably measured.




                                                                                                                                              65
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued


                        (iv) Subsequent expenditure
                        Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it increases the future economic benefits embodied in the specific
                        asset to which it relates. All other expenditure, including expenditure on internally generated goodwill and brands,
                        is recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

                        (v) Amortisation
                        Amortisation is calculated to write-off the cost of intangible assets less their estimated residual values using
                        the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives and is generally recognised in the Statement
                        of Comprehensive Income.
                        Intangibles that are considered to have indefinite useful lives are not subject to amortisation.
                        The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:




For personal use only
                         Patents and trademarks – general           2.5 years
                         Patents and trademarks – Matt Blatt        10.0 years
                         Website development costs                  2.0 years
                         Software costs                             2.5 years
                         Intellectual property                      2.0 years
                         Brand Names                                10.0 – 15.0 years

                        Amortisation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted, if appropriate.

                        (vi) Impairment of Assets
                        At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets (other than inventories and
                        deferred tax assets) to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the
                        asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.
                        For impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows
                        from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or Cash Generating Units (CGU).
                        The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal.
                        Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows, discounted to their present value using a post-tax discount rate
                        that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU.
                        An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount.
                        Impairment losses are recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. They are allocated to reduce the
                        carrying amount of assets in the CGU on a pro-rata basis only if Goodwill has been fully impaired. An impairment
                        loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that
                        would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.
                        An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

                        (vii) Impairment testing for Goodwill
                        Goodwill arising on the acquisition of Mighty Ape in New Zealand of $46,311 thousand, has been allocated to the
                        Mighty Ape Cash Generating Unit (“CGU”) based on its expected earnings contribution to the Group arising
                        from the acquisition.
                        The recoverable amount of the Mighty Ape CGU has been determined based on a value in use calculation using cash
                        flow projections over a 5-year period based on financial budgets approved by the Group’s Board for FY25 together
                        with projected growth in future years. The projected cash flows have been updated to reflect current economic
                        forecasts and business growth opportunities.




                        66
                                                                                                             kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        The Group performed its annual impairment test applying the following key assumptions:
                            In percent                                                                                       FY24        FY23
                            Discount rate (post-tax)*                                                                         13.9        14.8
                            Terminal growth rate                                                                               2.0         2.0
                            Revenue growth rate – 5 year CAGR25                                                                9.9        14.0
                            EBITDA growth rate – 5 year CAGR25                                                                29.2        28.7

                        *     The equivalent pre-tax discount rates are 17.2% for FY24 and 19.3% for FY23.

                        The increase in the EBITDA growth rate is a result of the expected impact of the Mighty Ape PRIMATE loyalty program
                        and launch of new Verticals in New Zealand in FY25, in addition to a number of other initiatives. EBITDA growth is
                        expected to outpace Revenue as these are largely Platform-based sales with high margin earnings.




For personal use only
                        The calculation of value in use for the Mighty Ape CGU is most sensitive to the following assumptions:
                        •     Discount rates – based on Mighty Ape’s weighted average costs of capital (WACC). The discount rate is a post-tax
                              measure estimated based on the average rates of return required by providers of debt and equity capital to
                              compensate for the time value of money and the perceived risk or uncertainty of the cashflow, weighted in the
                              proportion to the market value of the debt and equity capital provided.
                        •     Revenue and EBITDA 5-year CAGR – reflects Mighty Ape’s forecasted operating and financial performance based
                              on past experience, a number of initiatives, improvements from efficiencies and market factors such as forecast
                              growth in the New Zealand online retail industry.

                        Sensitivity Analysis
                        The estimated recoverable amount of the Mighty Ape CGU exceeded its carrying amount by $22,653 thousand
                        (2023: $19,544 thousand). A reasonable possible change to the financial performance, including key assumptions,
                        could lead to an impairment. The following outlines the amount by which the key assumptions would need to change
                        for the estimated recoverable amount to equal the carrying amount.
                        •     The discount rate would be required to increase by 2.5pp before goodwill would need to be impaired, with all other
                              key assumptions remaining constant.
                        •     The 5-year Revenue CAGR would need to decrease by 2.5pp, before goodwill would need to be impaired. In this
                              sensitivity analysis, the same reduction is applied to COGS and variable operating costs, with a flow on impact
                              to EBITDA 5-year CAGR. Other key assumptions remain constant.
                        •     The 5-year EBITDA CAGR would need to decrease by 4.7pp before goodwill would need to be impaired. Other key
                              assumptions remain constant.




                        25. Compound Annual Growth Rate.




                                                                                                                                                67
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued



                                                                      CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                          2024       2023
                                                                          $000       $000
                         Patents and trademarks:
                         Cost                                            45,695     45,595
                         Accumulated amortisation                        (12,801)    (9,580)
                         Net carrying amount                             32,894     36,015
                         Website development costs:
                         Cost                                            20,287      16,935
                         Accumulated amortisation                       (15,480)     (11,861)




For personal use only
                         Net carrying amount                              4,807      5,074
                         Software costs:
                         Cost                                             1,288       1,288
                         Accumulated amortisation                         (1,287)    (1,236)
                         Net carrying amount                                   1         52
                         Intellectual property:
                         Cost                                            23,770     23,770
                         Accumulated amortisation                       (23,540)    (23,069)
                         Net carrying amount                                230         701
                         Goodwill:
                         Cost                                            46,311      46,311
                         Accumulated amortisation                             –           –
                         Net carrying amount                             46,311      46,311
                         Total intangibles                              84,243      88,153




                        68
                                                                                                 kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                                                                             Website
                                                           Patents and      develop-     Software      Intellectual
                                                           trademarks      ment costs        costs        property    Goodwill         Total
                                                                 $000           $000        $000              $000      $000           $000
                         Consolidated Group:
                         Year ended 30 June 2023
                         Balance at the beginning                39,191         5,001          188           1,386       46,311       92,077
                         of the year
                         Additions                                   73         3,142             4            537            –         3,756
                         Disposals                                    –             –             –              –            –                –
                         Amortisation                            (3,247)       (3,069)         (140)        (1,222)           –        (7,678)




For personal use only
                         Foreign Currency exchange                   (2)            –             –              –            –            (2)
                         differences
                         Closing value at 30 June 2023          36,015         5,074             52            701       46,311       88,153

                         Year ended 30 June 2024
                         Balance at the beginning               36,015          5,074            52            701       46,311        88,153
                         of the year
                         Additions                                 100          3,352             –              –            –        3,452
                         Disposals                                    –             –             –              –            –                –
                         Amortisation                            (3,221)       (3,619)          (51)          (471)           –        (7,362)
                         Foreign Currency                             –             –             –              –            –                –
                         exchange differences
                         Closing value at 30 June 2024          32,894         4,807              1           230        46,311       84,243


                        2.3 Property, Plant and Equipment
                        Property, Plant and Equipment
                        Each class of property, plant and equipment is carried at cost less, where applicable, any accumulated depreciation
                        and impairment losses.
                        Property, plant and equipment is measured on a cost basis and therefore carried at cost less accumulated depreciation
                        and any accumulated impairment losses. In the event the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment is greater
                        than the estimated recoverable amount, the carrying amount is written down immediately to the estimated recoverable
                        amount and impairment losses are recognised either in profit or loss or as a revaluation decrease if the impairment
                        losses relate to a revalued asset. A formal assessment of the recoverable amount is made when impairment indicators
                        are present.
                        The carrying amount of property, plant and equipment is reviewed annually by management to ensure it is not in excess
                        of the recoverable amount from these assets. The recoverable amount is assessed on the basis of the expected net
                        cash flows that will be received from the asset’s employment and subsequent disposal. The expected net cash flows
                        have been discounted to their present values in determining recoverable amounts.
                        The cost of fixed assets constructed within the Group includes the cost of materials, direct labour, borrowing costs
                        and an appropriate proportion of fixed and variable overheads.
                        Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate,
                        only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the
                        cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are recognised as expenses in the
                        Statement of Comprehensive Income during the financial period in which they are incurred.




                                                                                                                                               69
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued


                        Depreciation
                        The depreciable amount of all fixed assets purchased is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the asset’s useful
                        life to the Group commencing from the time the asset is held ready for use. Leasehold improvements are depreciated
                        over the shorter of either the unexpired period of the lease or the estimated useful lives of the improvements.
                        The depreciation rates used for each class of depreciable assets are:
                         Class of Fixed Asset                                                                               Depreciation Rates
                         Equipment & Vehicles (straight-line basis)                                                                     6%-67%
                         Leasehold improvements                                                                                            20%


                         Class of Fixed Asset                                                                                        Lease Term




For personal use only
                         Right of use asset                                                                                           2-10 years

                        The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
                        reporting period.
                        Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with the carrying amount. These gains
                        and losses are recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income in the period in which they arise.
                                                                                                                    CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                          2024            2023
                                                                                                                          $000            $000
                         Equipment & Vehicles:
                         Cost                                                                                             6,639           5,089
                         Accumulated depreciation                                                                         (3,641)        (3,006)
                         Net carrying amount                                                                              2,998           2,083
                         Leasehold improvements:
                         Cost                                                                                                39              40
                         Accumulated depreciation                                                                            (39)           (39)
                         Net carrying amount                                                                                   –               1
                         Right-of-use asset:
                         Cost                                                                                            54,305          40,778
                         Accumulated depreciation                                                                        (32,610)       (25,648)
                         Net carrying amount                                                                             21,695           15,130
                         Total property, plant and equipment                                                             24,693          17,214




                        70
                                                                                                              kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Movements in carrying amounts
                        Movements in the carrying amounts for each class of property, plant and equipment between the beginning and the
                        end of the current financial year:
                                                                                                                Leasehold
                                                                                               Equipment         improve-      Right-of-use
                                                                                               & Vehicles          ments              asset        Total
                                                                                                    $000            $000              $000         $000
                         Consolidated Group:
                         Year ended 30 June 2023
                         Balance at the beginning of the year                                       2,551                4          22,087        24,642
                         Additions                                                                   404                 –            1,363        1,767




For personal use only
                         Disposals                                                                   (277)               –               –          (277)
                         Depreciation Expense                                                        (601)               (3)        (8,220)       (8,824)
                         Foreign Currency exchange differences                                          6                –            (100)          (94)
                         Closing value at 30 June 2023                                             2,083                  1         15,130        17,214

                         Year ended 30 June 2024
                         Balance at the beginning of the year                                       2,083                 1          15,130        17,214
                         Additions                                                                  1,563                –          13,527        15,090
                         Disposals                                                                     (13)              –               –            (13)
                         Depreciation Expense                                                        (630)               (1)        (7,009)       (7,640)
                         Foreign Currency exchange differences                                          (5)              –              47            42
                         Closing value at 30 June 2024                                              2,998                –          21,695        24,693


                        SECTION 3: CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND FINANCING
                        3.1 Loans and Borrowings
                        Debt Facilities
                        The group has multiple debt facilities, referred to as loans and borrowings in the balance sheet. The tables below set
                        out the various structures of the debt facilities for Kogan.com and Mighty Ape as at balance dates.
                                                                      KOGAN                                                          MIGHTY APE
                                                                   2024                 2023                                         2024          2023
                                                                   $000                 $000                                         $000          $000
                         Debt Facility                              AUD                  AUD    Debt Facility                         NZD           NZD
                         Multi-option facility                   35,000            35,000       Overdraft facility                   1,500         1,500
                         Total Debt Facility                    35,000             35,000       Trade finance facility                   –        6,000
                                                                                                Total Debt Facility                  1,500         7,500

                        Mighty Ape trade finance account was closed in December 2023.




                                                                                                                                                        71
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued


                        For details relating to the amounts drawn down against these facilities, please refer to the table below.
                        Mighty Ape drawn down amount is $Nil for the financial year ended 30 June 2024 (FY23: Nil).
                                                                                                                    CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                          2024             2023
                                                                                                                          $000             $000
                         Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities                                   AUD              AUD
                         Opening loans & borrowings                                                                            –         34,869
                         Drawdown of loans & borrowings                                                                  10,000            1,033
                         Repayment of loans & borrowings                                                                (10,000)        (36,033)
                         Amortisation of borrowing costs                                                                       –             131
                         Balance at 30 June                                                                                    –                  –




For personal use only
                        3.2 Capital and Financial Risk Management
                        The Group’s financial instruments consist mainly of deposits with banks, local money market instruments, short-term
                        investments and payable derivatives.

                        Financial risk management policies
                        The Board’s overall risk management strategy seeks to assist the Group in meeting its financial targets, while
                        minimising potential adverse effects on financial performance. This includes the review of the use of hedging
                        derivative instruments, credit risk policies and future cash flow requirements.

                        Specific financial risk exposures and management
                        The main risks the Group is exposed to through its financial instruments are credit risk, liquidity risk, and market
                        risk consisting of interest rate risk and foreign currency risk. There have been no substantive changes in the types
                        of risks the Group is exposed to, how these risks arise, or the Board’s objectives, policies and processes for managing
                        or measuring the risks from the previous period.

                        Credit risk
                        Exposure to credit risk relating to financial assets arises from the potential non-performance by counterparties
                        of contract obligations that could lead to a financial loss to the Group.
                        Credit risk is managed through internal procedures (such as the utilisation of systems for the approval, granting and
                        renewal of credit limits, regular monitoring of exposures against such limits and monitoring of the financial stability
                        of significant customers and counterparties), ensuring to the extent possible, that customers and counterparties
                        to transactions are of sound credit worthiness. Such monitoring is used in assessing receivables for impairment.
                        Risk is also minimised through investing surplus funds in financial institutions that maintain a high credit rating, or
                        in entities that the Board has otherwise assessed as being financially sound. Where the Group is unable to ascertain
                        a satisfactory credit risk profile in relation to a customer or counterparty, the risk may be further managed through
                        title retention clauses over goods or obtaining security by way of personal or commercial guarantees over assets
                        of sufficient value which can be claimed against in the event of any default.




                        72
                                                                                                    kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Credit risk exposures
                        The maximum exposure to credit risk by class of recognised financial assets at the end of the reporting period
                        excluding the value of any collateral or other security held, is equivalent to the carrying amount and classification
                        of those financial assets (net of any provisions) as presented in the Statement of Financial Position. Credit risk also
                        arises through the provision of financial guarantees, as approved at Board level, given to parties’ security liabilities
                        of certain subsidiaries.
                        The Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk with any single counterparty or group of counterparties.
                        However, the Group has significant credit risk exposures to Australia given the substantial operations in this region.
                        Details with respect to credit risk of trade and other receivables are provided in Note 2.1.2a. The Group’s exposure
                        to credit risk is minimised given a significant portion of sales are paid for at the time purchase.
                        Management has assessed that trade and other receivables are either not past due or are considered to be of good




For personal use only
                        credit rating. Aggregates of such amounts are detailed in Note 2.1.2a.

                        Cash and cash equivalents
                        Credit and risk related to balances with banks and other financial institutions is managed by management.
                        The Group held cash and cash equivalents of $41,183 thousand as at 30 June 2024 and $65,438 thousand as at
                        the end of 30 June 2023. The cash and cash equivalents are held with bank and financial institution counterparties,
                        which are rated A to AA–, based on S&P Global Ratings.
                        Impairment of cash and cash equivalents has been measured on a 12-month expected loss basis and reflects the
                        short maturities of the exposures. The Group considers that its cash and cash equivalents have low credit risk based
                        on the external credit ratings of the counterparties.
                        The Group uses a similar approach for assessment of expected credit losses (ECLs) for cash and cash equivalents
                        to those used for debt securities.
                        No impairment allowance was recognised during FY24 (FY23: Nil).

                        Liquidity risk
                        Liquidity risk arises from the possibility that the Group might encounter difficulty in settling its debts or otherwise
                        meeting its obligations related to financial liabilities. The Group manages this risk through the following mechanisms:
                        •   preparing forward-looking cash flow analysis in relation to its operating, investing and financing activities;
                        •   using derivatives that are only traded in highly liquid markets;
                        •   monitoring undrawn credit facilities;
                        •   maintaining a reputable credit profile;
                        •   managing credit risk related to financial assets; and
                        •   only investing surplus cash with major financial institutions.
                        The table below reflects an undiscounted contractual maturity analysis for financial liabilities.
                        Cash flows realised from financial assets reflect management’s expectation as to the timing of realisation.
                        Actual timing may therefore differ from that disclosed. The timing of cash flows presented in the table to settle
                        financial liabilities reflects the earliest contractual settlement dates.




                                                                                                                                                   73
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued


                        Financial liability and financial asset maturity analysis
                                                                     WITHIN 1 YEAR          1 TO 5 YEARS        OVER 5 YEARS            TOTAL
                                                                      2024      2023        2024      2023      2024      2023      2024      2023
                         Consolidated Group                Note       $000      $000        $000      $000      $000      $000      $000      $000
                         Financial liabilities
                         due for payment
                         Trade and other payables           2.1.3a   (72,886)   (61,429)        –          –        –         –    (72,886)   (61,429)
                         Acquisition payables                              –    (10,957)        –          –        –         –          –    (10,957)
                         Lease liabilities                 2.1.3b     (7,553)    (7,532)   (14,501)   (7,934)     (981)    (266)   (23,035)   (15,732)
                         Loan & borrowings                     3.1         –          –         –          –        –         –          –           –
                         Financial liabilities                             –          –         –          –        –         –          –           –




For personal use only
                         Total expected outflows                     (80,439)   (79,918)   (14,501)   (7,934)     (981)    (266)   (95,921)   (88,118)
                         Financial assets –
                         cash flows realisable
                         Cash and cash equivalents                    41,183    65,438          –          –        –         –     41,183    65,438
                         Trade and other receivables        2.1.2a     6,770     5,432          –          –        –         –     6,770      5,432
                         Other financial assets                          152       146          –          –        –         –        152       146
                         Total anticipated inflows                   48,105      71,016         –          –        –         –    48,105      71,016
                         Net (Outflow)/inflow                        (32,334)   (8,902)    (14,501)   (7,934)    (981)     (266)   (47,816)   (17,102)
                         on financial instruments


                        Market risk
                        a. Interest rate risk
                        Exposure to interest rate risk arises on financial assets and financial liabilities recognised at the end of the reporting
                        period whereby a future change in interest rates will affect future cash flows or the fair value of fixed rate financial
                        instruments. The Group is also exposed to earnings volatility on floating rate instruments.
                        The financial instruments that primarily expose the Group to interest rate risk are borrowings and cash and
                        cash equivalents.

                        b. Foreign exchange risk
                        Exposure to foreign exchange risk may result in the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument fluctuating
                        due to movement in foreign exchange rates of currencies in which the Group holds financial instruments which are
                        other than the functional currency of the Group.
                        With instruments being held by overseas operations, fluctuations in the US dollar may impact on the Group’s financial
                        results unless those exposures are appropriately hedged.

                        Foreign currency transactions
                        Functional and presentation currency
                        The functional currency of each of the Group’s entities is measured using the currency of the primary economic
                        environment in which that entity operates. The consolidated financial statements are presented in Australian dollars,
                        which is the parent entity’s functional currency.




                        74
                                                                                                      kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Foreign exchange forward contracts
                        The Group has open foreign exchange forward contracts at the end of the reporting period relating to highly probable
                        forecast transactions and recognised financial assets and financial liabilities. These contracts commit the Group to
                        buy and sell specified amounts of foreign currencies in the future at specified exchange rates. It is the Group’s policy
                        to manage pricing of its products (with exception of ageing and obsolete inventory) according to specified target
                        Gross Margins, rather than to sacrifice Gross Margin to drive sales volumes. In an environment where the Australian
                        dollar may be declining, in particular, relative to the United States dollar, the Group’s ability to price Third-Party branded
                        international products competitively in comparison with other Australian retailers deteriorates (to the extent that those
                        retailers have not adjusted retail prices). As a result, lower volumes of Third-Party branded international products are
                        generally sold during periods of sharp decline in the Australian dollar, leading to lower revenues in that product segment.
                        The reverse occurs in periods in which there is a sharp increase in the Australian dollar, while there has historically been
                        a neutral revenue impact in periods in which the currency is relatively stable, whether that is at high or low levels.




For personal use only
                        The following table summarises the notional amounts of the Group’s commitments in relation to foreign exchange
                        forward contracts. The notional amounts do not represent amounts exchanged by the transaction counterparties
                        and are therefore not a measure of the exposure of the Group through the use of the contracts.
                                                                                                                              AVERAGE
                                                                                        NOTIONAL AMOUNTS                   EXCHANGE RATE
                                                                                             2024            2023             2024            2023
                         Consolidated Group                                                  $000            $000                $               $
                         Buy USD/sell AUD
                         Settlement                 •   less than 6 months                      151          16,373            0.67            0.67
                                                    •   6 months to 1 year                        –               –               –                –

                        The fair value of foreign exchange contracts at 30 June 2024 totalled $386 (2023: $96,476).

                        Sensitivity analysis
                        The following table illustrates sensitivities to the Group’s exposures to changes in exchange rates. The table indicates
                        the impact of how profit and equity values reported at the end of the reporting period would have been affected
                        by changes in the relevant risk variable that management considers to be reasonably possible.
                        These sensitivities assume that the movement in a particular variable is independent of other variables.
                                                                                                                        CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                             Profit          Equity
                                                                                                                             $000             $000
                         Year ended 30 June 2024
                         +/-10bps in foreign exchange rates                                                                       –                –
                         Year ended 30 June 2023
                         +/-10bps in foreign exchange rates                                                                      16               16

                        The Group, through its hedging of foreign exchange using forward contracts, reduces its exposure to foreign
                        exchange risk by locking in the exchange rate with the bank on deal date. Any movement in interest rates has
                        been deemed to be immaterial.




                                                                                                                                                   75
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued


                        Fair values
                        The Group measures some of its assets and liabilities at fair value on either a recurring or non-recurring basis,
                        depending on the requirements of the applicable Accounting Standards.

                        Fair value estimation
                        The carrying value of financial assets and financial liabilities are not materially different to their fair values.

                        Financial Instruments
                        Initial recognition and measurement
                        Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions
                        to the instrument. For financial assets, this is equivalent to the date that the entity commits itself to either the purchase




For personal use only
                        or sale of the asset (i.e. trade date accounting is adopted).
                        Financial instruments are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs, except where the instrument is classified
                        “at fair value through profit or loss”, in which case transaction costs are expensed to profit or loss immediately.

                        Classification and subsequent measurement
                        Financial instruments are subsequently measured at fair value, amortised cost using the effective interest method,
                        or cost.
                        Amortised cost is calculated as the amount at which the financial asset or financial liability is measured at initial
                        recognition less principal repayments and any reduction for impairment, and adjusted for any cumulative amortisation
                        of the difference between that initial amount and the maturity amount calculated using the effective interest method.
                        The effective interest method is used to allocate interest income or interest expense over the relevant period and
                        is equivalent to the rate that discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts (including fees, transaction costs
                        and other premiums or discounts) over the expected life (or when this cannot be reliably predicted, the contractual
                        term) of the financial instrument to the net carrying amount of the financial asset or financial liability. Revisions to
                        expected future net cash flows will necessitate an adjustment to the carrying amount with a consequential recognition
                        of an income or expense item in profit or loss.
                        Financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) are initially recognised at fair
                        value and thereafter carried at fair value.

                        a. Financial assets at amortised cost
                        Financial assets at amortised cost are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are
                        not quoted in an active market and are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Gains or losses are recognised
                        in profit or loss through the amortisation process and when the financial asset is derecognised.

                        b. Financial assets/financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
                        Financial assets/financial liabilities relating to foreign exchange forward contracts are measured at fair value and
                        fair value changes are recognised in profit or loss.

                        c. Financial liabilities at amortised cost
                        Non-derivative financial liabilities other than financial guarantees are subsequently measured at amortised cost.
                        Gains or losses are recognised in profit or loss when the financial liability is derecognised.




                        76
                                                                                                     kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Derivative instruments
                        The Group enters into forward contracts to manage the cash flow risk attached to inventory purchased in foreign
                        currency. The Group has elected not to adopt hedge accounting, with any period movements in the fair value of the
                        derivative contract taken to the income statement.

                        Impairment
                        The Group recognises loss allowances for expected credit loss (ECL) on:
                        •   financial assets measured at amortised cost; and
                        •   financial assets measured at FVTPL.
                        The Group measured loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.




For personal use only
                        When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and
                        when estimating ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available
                        without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the
                        Group’s historical experience and informed credit assessment and including forward looking information.
                        The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is more than 90 days
                        past due.
                        The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the
                        Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions.
                        Lifetime ECLs are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument.
                        12-month ECLs are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are possible within the 12 months after
                        the reporting date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the instrument is less than 12 months).
                        The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group
                        is exposed to credit risk.

                        Measurement of ECLs
                        ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of all cash
                        shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract and the cash
                        flows that the Group expects to receive).
                        ECLs are discounted at the effective interest rate of the financial asset.

                        Credit-impaired financial assets
                        At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether financial assets carried at amortised cost and financial assets
                        at FVTPL are credit-impaired. A financial asset is ‘credit-impaired’ when one or more events that have a detrimental
                        impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.
                        Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable data:
                        •   significant financial difficulty of the borrower or issuer;
                        •   a breach of contract such as a default or being more than 90 days past due;
                        •   the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not consider otherwise;
                        •   it is probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or
                        •   the disappearance of an active market for security because of financial difficulties.




                                                                                                                                                  77
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued


                        Presentation of allowance for ECL in the statement of financial position
                        Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount
                        of the assets.
                        For financial assets at FVTPL, the loss allowance is charged to profit or loss.

                        Write-off
                        The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off when the Group has no reasonable expectations
                        of recovering a financial asset in its entirety or a portion thereof. For individual customers, the Group has a policy
                        of writing off the gross carrying amount when the financial asset is 180 days past due based on historical experience
                        of recoveries of similar assets. For corporate customers, the Group individually makes an assessment with respect
                        to the timing and amount of write-off based on whether there is a reasonable expectation of recovery. The Group




For personal use only
                        expects no significant recovery from the amount written off. However, financial assets that are written off could still
                        be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the Group’s procedures for recovery of amounts due.
                        The Group holds the following financial assets and financial liabilities at reporting date:
                                                                                                                      CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                           2024            2023
                                                                                                             Note          $000            $000
                            Financial assets
                            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     41,183          65,438
                            Trade and other receivables                                                                    6,770           5,432
                            Foreign exchange forward contracts                                                                 –             96
                            Other financial assets                                                                           152             50
                            Total financial assets                                                                        48,105          71,016
                            Financial liabilities
                            Financial liabilities at amortised cost:
                            Trade and other payables                                                                      72,886          61,429
                            Acquisitions payable – current                                                                     –          10,957
                            Lease liability – current                                                                      7,553           7,532
                            Lease liability – non-current                                                                 15,482          8,200
                            Total financial liabilities                                                                   95,921          88,118


                        Fair value measurements
                        The Group measures and recognises the following assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis after
                        initial recognition:
                        •     cash and cash equivalents; and
                        •     foreign exchange forward contracts.
                        The Group does not subsequently measure any liabilities at fair value on a non-recurring basis.




                        78
                                                                                                       kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        a. Fair value hierarchy
                        AASB 9 Financial Instruments requires the disclosure of fair value information by level of the fair value hierarchy,
                        which categorises fair value measurements into one of three possible levels based on the lowest level that an input
                        that is significant to the measurement can be categorised into as follows:
                         Level 1                                    Level 2                                       Level 3
                         Measurements based on quoted               Measurements based on inputs other            Measurements based on
                         prices (unadjusted) in active              than quoted prices included in Level 1        unobservable inputs for
                         markets for identical assets               that are observable for the asset or          the asset or liability.
                         or liabilities that the entity can         liability, either directly or indirectly.
                         access at the measurement date.

                        Cash & cash equivalents and shares are Level 1 measurements, whilst foreign exchange contracts are Level 2.




For personal use only
                        The fair values of assets and liabilities that are not traded in an active market are determined using one or more
                        valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise, to the extent possible, the use of observable market
                        data. If all significant inputs required to measure fair value are observable, the asset or liability is included in Level 2.
                        If one or more significant inputs are not based on observable market data, the asset or liability is included in Level 3.
                        The table below sets out the fair value of foreign exchange contracts and the shares as at 30 June 2024.
                        This represented the amount ‘in/(out) of the money’ on financial instruments as at the reporting dates.
                                                                                                                         CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                               2024             2023
                         Fair Value                                                                                            $000             $000
                         Foreign exchange contracts                                                                                 –              96


                        b. Disclosed fair value measurements
                        The carrying amounts of assets and liabilities are the same as their carrying values.
                        The Group enters into forward exchange contracts to manage the foreign exchange risk attached to inventory
                        purchased in foreign currency. The Group has elected not to adopt hedge accounting, with any period movements
                        in the fair value of the derivative contract taken to the income statement.
                        The fair value of forward exchange contracts is determined based on an external valuation report using forward
                        exchange rates at the balance sheet date.




                                                                                                                                                        79
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued


                        3.3 Issued Capital and Reserves
                        a. Ordinary Shares
                                                                                                   CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                         2024            2023           2024           2023
                                                                                            $               $            No.            No.
                         Fully paid ordinary shares                                270,011,699     291,013,771   100,616,298    104,690,203

                        Ordinary Shares participate in dividends and the distribution of proceeds upon the winding-up of the parent entity,
                        in proportion to the number of shares held. They carry one vote per share, with each shareholder entitled to one vote
                        on a show of hands or one vote per share in a poll. The Company does not have authorised capital or par value for its
                        issued shares.




For personal use only
                        b. Movement in Ordinary Shares
                                                                                                                        Issue
                         Details                                                              Date     Shares No.       price              $
                         Balance                                                     30 June 2022     106,927,603               301,081,639
                         Shares issued to eligible employees under                 23 August 2022          116,495      $3.99       464,945
                         an incentive plan
                         Tax deduction for difference between accounting        31 December 2022                 –          –          2,757
                         expense and funds paid to issue incentive plans
                         Shares issued to eligible employees under               27 February 2023          32,445       $7.74        251,018
                         an incentive plan
                         On-market share buy-back                                    30 June 2023      (1,563,000)     $4.44      (6,944,159)
                         On-market share buy-back                                    30 June 2023        (823,340)      $4.67     (3,842,429)
                         Balance                                                     30 June 2023    104,690,203                 291,013,771
                         Shares issued to eligible employees under                 22 August 2023         174,928       $8.11       1,418,103
                         an incentive plan
                         On-market share buy-back                              15 September 2023        (1,521,734)     $5.24     (7,980,869)
                         On-market share buy-back                                  6 October 2023         (309,119)     $5.14     (1,590,249)
                         On-market share buy-back                              10 November 2023          (580,239)      $4.75      (2,757,631)
                         Shares issued to eligible employees under             29 November 2023             3,307       $5.21         17,229
                         an incentive plan
                         On-market share buy-back                              29 December 2023         (1,033,964)     $5.22     (5,393,199)
                         On-market share buy-back                                 12 January 2024        (447,076)      $4.95      (2,211,185)
                         Shares issued to eligible employees under               26 February 2024          78,297       $4.77        373,497
                         an incentive plan
                         On-market share buy-back                                   15 March 2024         (367,010)     $8.22     (3,015,605)
                         Dividend reinvestment plan                                   31 May 2024         135,077       $7.68      1,037,797
                         On-market share buy-back                                    28 June 2024        (206,372)      $4.36      (899,960)
                         Balance                                                     30 June 2024     100,616,298               270,011,699




                        80
                                                                                                    kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        c. Merger reserve
                        The acquisition of Kogan Operations Holdings Pty Ltd by Kogan.com Ltd has been treated as a common control
                        transaction at book value for accounting purposes, and no fair value adjustments have been made. Consequently,
                        the difference between the fair value of issued capital and the book value of net assets acquired was recorded
                        within a merger reserve of $131,816,250.

                        d. Share-based payments reserve
                        The reserve of $56,334,373 (FY23: $71,808,120) has been used to recognise the value of equity-based compensation
                        provided to employees as part of their remuneration. The Group measured the cost of equity-based compensation
                        with employees by reference to the fair value of the Ordinary Shares at the date at which they were granted. The fair
                        value has been determined using a discounted cash flow valuation model, taking into account the terms and conditions
                        upon which the equity instruments were granted, as discussed in Note 5.2.




For personal use only
                        It was announced on 4 April 2024 that Ruslan Kogan and David Shafer had collectively exercised 6,000,000 Options
                        granted to them during the 2020 AGM.
                        The Deed associated with these Options allowed for either equity-settlement or cash-settlement, based on the
                        Board’s discretion. At the time of granting the Options, they were valued in-the-money and the intention was to
                        equity-settle them upon vesting. The Options were fully vested by 30 June 2023, with the value of share-based
                        payments reserve amounting to $66,536,098.
                        On 4 April 2024, the Board exercised their discretion to cash-settle the Options primarily to avoid dilution of other
                        Shareholders’ interest. This discretion was exercised following a review of the Company’s Balance Sheet and current
                        initiatives (no immediate merger & acquisition activity and available cash reserves following the commencement
                        of a Buy Back).
                        At the time of exercise, the 20-day VWAP was $8.224 per Option, and the strike price associated with the Options
                        was $5.29. This resulted in a cash payment of $17,604,000, being [$8.224 – $5.29] x 6,000,000 Options, against
                        the share-based payments reserve. The remaining value of the Options in the Share-based Payments reserve,
                        of $48,932,098, will remain indefinitely.

                        e. Share buy-back
                        The Group commenced an on-market share buy-back program in May 2023, anticipated to remain ongoing until
                        May 2025. The Group purchased $23,849 thousand of shares during the year (FY23: $10,878 thousand), resulting
                        in a reduction of Issued Capital.

                        f. Capital management
                        Management controls the capital of the Group in order to maintain a sustainable debt to equity ratio, generate
                        long-term shareholder value and ensure that the Group can fund its operations and continue as a going concern.
                        The Group’s debt and capital include ordinary share capital and financial liabilities, supported by financial assets.
                        The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.
                        Management effectively manages the Group’s capital by assessing the Group’s financial risks and adjusting its capital
                        structure in response to changes in these risks and in the market. These responses include the management of debt
                        levels, distributions to shareholders and share issues.
                        There have been no changes in the strategy adopted by management to control the capital of the Group since the
                        prior year.




                                                                                                                                                81
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued


                        3.4 Dividends
                        During FY24, The Board declared and paid an Interim Dividend at 7.5 cents per Ordinary Shares. The Dividend
                        Reinvestment Plan (DRP) applied to the Interim Dividend at a 2.5% discount to the 5-day volume weighted
                        average price of shares sold on the ASX from the trading day prior to the record date.
                        Details of the Interim Dividend along with the DRP applicable is below.
                                                                                                                    CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                                                         $000            $000
                         Dividends paid during the year                                                                   7,542              –
                         Dividend reinvestment plan                                                                      (1,038)             –




For personal use only
                         Dividends paid net of dividend reinvestment plan                                                6,504               –


                        a. Recognition and measurement
                        Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer at the
                        discretion of the entity before or at the end of the financial year but not distributed at balance date.
                        The final 2024 Dividend has not been declared at the reporting date and therefore is not reflected in the consolidated
                        financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024 and will be recognised in subsequent financial reports.
                                                                                              2024          2024          2023          2023
                         Dividends                                                            Final       Interim         Final       Interim
                         Dividends per Share (in cents)                                         7.5           7.5            –               –
                         Franking percentage                                                  100%          100%             –               –
                         Payment date                                              29 Nov 2024        31 May 2024            –               –
                         Dividend record date                                       12 Sep 2024       15 Apr 2024            –               –


                        b. Franking credits
                        The franking account balance as at 30 June 2024 is $10,383,084 (2023: $10,528,182).

                        3.5 Earnings per Share
                        a. Basic earnings per share
                                                                                                                    CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                          2024           2023
                         Net profit/(loss) for the reporting period                                                     83,347     (25,852,194)
                         Net profit/(loss) for the reporting period used in calculating EPS                             83,347     (25,852,194)
                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares of the entity                                   102,522,369    107,613,697
                         Basic Earnings per Share                                                                         0.00           (0.24)




                        82
                                                                                                 kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        b. Diluted earnings per share
                                                                                                                  CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                        2024               2023
                         Profit/(Loss) for the reporting period                                                        83,347    (25,852,194)
                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares of the entity on issue                       102,522,369      107,613,697
                         Adjustments to reflect potential dilution for Performance Rights & Options                1,498,488        6,174,935
                         Diluted weighted average number of Ordinary Shares of the entity                        104,020,857     113,788,632
                         Diluted Earnings per Share                                                                      0.00              (0.23)


                        SECTION 4: GROUP STRUCTURE




For personal use only
                        4.1 Controlled Entities
                        a. Information about Principal Subsidiaries
                        The subsidiaries listed below have share capital consisting solely of Ordinary Shares or, in the case of Kogan
                        Technologies Unit Trust, Ordinary Units, which are held directly by the Group. Kogan.com Holdings Pty Ltd is the
                        Trustee of the Kogan Technologies Unit Trust. The Trustee and the Trust are wholly-owned entities within the
                        Group. The proportion of ownership interests held equals the voting rights held by the Group. Each subsidiary’s
                        principal place of business is also its country of incorporation.
                                                                                                                   OWNERSHIP INTEREST
                                                                                                                    HELD BY THE GROUP
                                                                                                                        2024               2023
                         Name of subsidiary                                      Principal place of business               %                  %
                         Kogan Mobile Operations Pty Ltd                         Australia                                100               100
                         (formerly Kogan Mobile Australia Pty Ltd)
                         Kogan Mobile Pty Ltd                                    Australia                                100               100
                         Kogan Australia Pty Ltd                                 Australia                                100               100
                         Kogan International Holdings Pty Ltd                    Australia                                100               100
                         Kogan HK Limited                                        Hong Kong                                100               100
                         Kogan HR Pty Ltd                                        Australia                                100               100
                         Kogan Travel Pty Ltd                                    Australia                                100               100
                         Dick Smith IP Holdings Pty Ltd                          Australia                                100               100
                         (formerly Kogan Technologies UK Pty Ltd)
                         Online Business Number 1 Pty Ltd                        Australia                                100               100
                         Kogan Technologies Unit Trust                           Australia                                100               100
                         Kogan.com Holdings Pty Ltd                              Australia                                100               100
                         Kogan Operations Holdings Pty Ltd                       Australia                                100               100
                         Kogan Superannuation Pty Ltd                            Australia                                100               100
                         Matt Blatt Pty Ltd                                      Australia                                100               100
                         Mighty Ape Limited                                      New Zealand                              100               100
                         Mighty Ape Australia Pty Ltd                            Australia                                100               100




                                                                                                                                               83
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued


                        b. Significant restrictions
                        There are no significant restrictions over the Group’s ability to access or use assets, and settle liabilities, of the Group.

                        4.2 Deed of Cross Guarantee
                        A deed of cross guarantee between Kogan.com Ltd and its entities listed above was enacted during FY22 and relief
                        was obtained from preparing individual financial statements for the Group under ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned
                        Companies) Instrument 2016/785. Under the deed, Kogan.com Ltd guarantees to support the liabilities and obligations
                        of its subsidiaries listed above. As its entities are a party to the deed the income statement and balance sheet
                        information of the combined class-ordered group is equivalent to the consolidated information presented in this
                        financial report.

                        4.3 Parent Entity Disclosures




For personal use only
                        The following information has been extracted from the books and records of the parent (Kogan.com Ltd) and has
                        been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards.
                                                                                                                              2024            2023
                                                                                                                              $000            $000
                         Statement of Financial Position
                         ASSETS
                         Current assets                                                                                       3,718         23,248
                         Non‑current assets                                                                                182,009          178,675
                         TOTAL ASSETS                                                                                      185,727         201,923
                         LIABILITIES
                         Current liabilities                                                                                  1,854             392
                         Non‑current liabilities                                                                            22,508                –
                         TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                                                  24,362              392
                         NET ASSETS                                                                                        161,365          201,531
                         EQUITY
                         Share capital                                                                                     270,012          291,014
                         Merger reserve                                                                                    (131,816)        (131,816)
                         Performance Rights reserve                                                                         56,334          71,808
                         Dividends                                                                                                –               –
                         Retained earnings                                                                                  (33,165)        (29,475)
                         TOTAL EQUITY                                                                                      161,365          201,531

                         Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                         Total loss                                                                                          (4,195)        (21,247)
                         Total comprehensive income                                                                          (4,195)        (21,247)

                        There are no contingent liabilities or contractual commitments by the parent entity as at 30 June 2024 (2023: nil).




                        84
                                                                                                    kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        4.4 Related Parties
                        a. The Group’s main related parties are as follows:
                        (i) Entities exercising control over the Group:
                        The ultimate parent entity that exercised control over the Group at year-end was Kogan.com Ltd, which is incorporated
                        in Australia.

                        (ii) Key Management Personnel:
                        Any person(s) having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the entity,
                        directly or indirectly, including any Director (whether executive or otherwise) of the entity, are considered Key
                        Management Personnel (refer to 5.1).




For personal use only
                        (iii) Entities subject to significant influence by the Group:
                        An entity that has the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of an entity, but does not
                        have control over those policies, is an entity which holds significant influence. Significant influence may be gained
                        by share ownership, statute or agreement. There are no such entities at year end (2023: nil).

                        (iv) Other related parties:
                        Other related parties include entities controlled by the ultimate parent entity and entities over which Key Management
                        Personnel have joint control.

                        b. Transactions with related parties:
                        Transactions between related parties are on normal commercial terms and conditions no more favourable than those
                        available to other parties unless otherwise stated.
                        The following transactions occurred with related parties:
                        Kogan Australia Pty Ltd entered into a Logistic Services Agreement with eStore Logistics Pty Ltd (“eStore”), in a prior
                        financial period, in relation to the provision of warehousing, distribution and logistics services by eStore to Kogan
                        Australia. Ruslan Kogan is a minority Shareholder and Director of eStore. The agreement was entered into on arm’s
                        length terms.
                                                                                                                      CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                            2024            2023
                                                                                                                               $               $
                         Services provided by eStore warehousing                                                        1,851,851      3,851,485
                         Amounts payable to eStore as at 30 June                                                          117,994        253,873




                                                                                                                                                  85
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued



                        SECTION 5: EMPLOYEE REWARD AND RECOGNITION
                        5.1 Key Management Personnel Compensation
                        As deemed under AASB 124 Related Party Disclosures, Key Management Personnel (KMP) include each of the
                        Directors, both Executive and Non-Executive, and those members who have authority and responsibility for
                        planning, directing and controlling activities within the business.
                        A summary of the KMP compensation is set out in the following table. Refer to the Remuneration Report for full details.
                                                                                                                           CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                                 2024          2023
                                                                                                                                    $             $
                         Cash Salary                                                                                         2,310,471     1,670,778




For personal use only
                         Short-term incentives                                                                              1,548,000              –
                         Post-employment                                                                                       75,536         57,451
                         Payment upon resignation                                                                              179,216             –
                         Long-term benefits                                                                                   182,023       108,726
                         Equity-based compensation                                                                            668,679     27,928,021
                         Other long-term benefits                                                                                   –     (3,885,469)
                                                                                                                            4,963,925    25,879,507


                        Movement in shares
                        The movement during the reporting period in the number of Ordinary Shares in Kogan.com held, directly,
                        indirectly or beneficially, by each key management person, including their related parties, is as follows:

                        Executive KMP
                                                                                                  Received
                                                                                 Held at        on exercise       Shares                     Held at
                                                                             1 July 2023           of rights   purchased   Shares Sold 30 June 2024
                         Ruslan Kogan                                          15,853,321                 –           –             –     15,853,321
                         David Shafer                                          5,225,642                  –           –    (2,000,000)    3,225,642


                        Other Non-Executive KMP
                                                                                                  Received
                                                                                 Held at        on exercise       Shares                     Held at
                                                                             1 July 2023           of rights   purchased   Shares Sold 30 June 2024
                         Gracie MacKinlay26                                            500                –           –             –           500
                         Daniel Balasoglou                                                –               –           –             –              –


                        Non-Executive Directors
                                                                                                  Received
                                                                                 Held at        on exercise       Shares                     Held at
                                                                             1 July 2023           of rights   purchased   Shares Sold 30 June 2024
                         Greg Ridder                                             158,000                  –           –             –       158,000
                         Harry Debney                                              98,099                 –           –             –        98,099
                         Janine Allis                                               14,761                –           –             –         14,761
                         James Spenceley                                           10,000                 –           –             –        10,000



                        26. Gracie Mackinlay was a Non-Executive KMP from 01 July 2023 to 8 April 2024.




                        86
                                                                                                   kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        5.2 Incentive Plans
                        Kogan.com Ltd has adopted an Equity Incentive Plan (EIP) to assist in the motivation and retention of management
                        and selected team members.
                        The Group has established incentive arrangements subsequent to listing on the ASX to assist in the attraction,
                        motivation and retention of the executive team and other selected team members. To align the interests of its
                        employees and the goals of the Group, the Directors have decided the remuneration packages of the executive
                        team and other selected team members will consist of the following components:
                        •     fixed remuneration (inclusive of superannuation);
                        •     short-term cash-based incentives; and
                        •     equity based long-term incentives.




For personal use only
                        The Group has established the EIP, which is designed to align the interests of eligible employees more closely with
                        the interests of Shareholders in the listed entity post 7 July 2016. Under the EIP, eligible employees may be offered
                        Restricted Shares, Options or Rights which may be subject to vesting conditions. The Group may offer additional
                        long-term incentive schemes to senior management and other employees over time.

                        Short-term incentives – Cash-based
                        The following table outlines the significant aspects of the STI for senior management excluding KMPs.
                            Purpose of STI plan               Provide a link between remuneration and both short-term Company and
                                                              individual performance.
                                                              Create sustainable Shareholder value.
                                                              Reward individual for their contribution to the success of the Group.
                                                              Actively encourage team members to take more ownership over the
                                                              Adjusted EBITDA27.
                            Eligibility                       Offers of cash incentives may be made to any team members of the Group
                                                              (including a Director employed in an executive capacity) or any other person
                                                              who is declared by the Board to be eligible to receive a grant of cash incentive
                                                              under the STI.
                            Calculation & Target              The actual Adjusted EBITDA27 of Kogan.com shall exceed the Board established
                                                              budget for the full financial year (after payment of the STI).
                                                              25% of the outperformance will be allocated to a ‘bonus pool’.
                                                              The ‘bonus pool’ will then be shared in cash bonuses among a number of team
                                                              members in fixed proportions.
                            Maximum opportunity               The maximum payable is 25% of the outperformance and 35% of the team
                                                              member’s annual salary.
                            Performance conditions            Outperformance of the Adjusted EBITDA27. Adjusted EBITDA27 represents the
                                                              underlying performance of the business
                                                              Continuation of employment.
                            Why were the performance          To achieve successful and sustainable financial business outcomes as well
                            condition chosen                  as any annual objectives that drive short-term and long-term business success
                                                              and sustainability.
                            Performance period                1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024.
                            Timing of assessment              August 2024, following the completion of the 30 June 2024 accounts.
                            Form of payment                   Paid in cash.
                            Board discretion                  Targets are reviewed annually and the Board has discretion to adapt
                                                              appropriately to take into account exceptional items.

                        27. Non-IFRS measure.




                                                                                                                                                 87
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued


                        The following table outlines the significant aspects of the STI for Executive Management.
                         Purpose of the Executive            Create a link between reward and performance of the Group over both
                         Management STI plan                 the short and long term, for the Executive Management.
                         Eligibility                         Offers of cash incentives may be made to Executive Management,
                                                             being Ruslan Kogan (CEO) and David Shafer (CFO & COO).
                         Calculation & target                A STI is payable if the Adjusted EBITDA28 of Kogan.com exceeds at least
                                                             95% of the Board established forecast estimate for the full financial year.
                                                             The value of STI payable to Executive Management may range between
                                                             37.5% of base remuneration (if the Company achieved at least 95% of
                                                             forecast estimates) and up to a maximum of 112.5% of base remuneration
                                                             (if the Company achieved at least 110% of forecast estimates).
                         Maximum opportunity                 The maximum payable is 112.5% of base remuneration if the Company




For personal use only
                                                             achieves at least 110% of forecast estimates.
                         Performance conditions              Achievement of at least 95% of Board established forecast estimate
                                                             of Adjusted EBITDA28 for the full financial year.
                                                             Continuation of employment.
                         Why were the performance            To achieve successful and sustainable financial business outcomes as well as
                         conditions chosen                   any annual objectives that drive short-term and long-term business success
                                                             and sustainability.
                         Performance period                  1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024.
                         Time of assessment                  August 2024, following completion of the 30 June 2024 accounts.
                         Form of payment                     Paid in cash.
                         Board discretion                    Targets are reviewed annually and the Board has discretion to adapt
                                                             appropriately to take into account exceptional items.


                        Long-term incentives – Equity Incentive Plan
                        The Group has established an Equity Incentive Plan (EIP), which is designed to align the interests of eligible team
                        members more closely with the interests of Shareholders in the listed entity. Under the EIP, eligible team members
                        may be offered Performance Rights or Options which may be subject to vesting conditions. The Group may offer
                        additional long-term incentive schemes to senior management and other team members over time.
                        The following table outlines the significant aspects of the current EIP.
                         Purpose of LTI plan                 Support the strategy and business plan of the Group.
                                                             Align the interests of team members more closely with the interests
                                                             of Shareholders.
                                                             Reward individuals for their contribution to the success of the Group
                                                             over the long-term.
                         Eligibility                         Offers of Incentive Securities (Performance Rights or Options) may be made to
                                                             any team member of the Group (including a Director employed in an executive
                                                             capacity) or any other person who is declared by the Board to be eligible to
                                                             receive a grant of Incentive Securities under the EIP.
                         Service condition on vesting        Individuals must be employed by the Group at the time of vesting and
                                                             not be in their notice period.
                         Form of award and payment           Performance Rights or Options.
                         Board discretion                    The Board has the absolute discretion to determine the terms and conditions
                                                             applicable to an offer under the EIP.
                         Consideration                       Nil.

                        28. Non-IFRS measure.




                        88
                                                                                                  kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                         Rights                             Each Right confers on its holder an entitlement to a Share, subject to
                                                            satisfaction of applicable conditions.
                         Restrictions on dealing            Shares allocated upon exercise of Performance Rights will rank equally
                                                            with all existing Ordinary Shares from the date of issue (subject only to
                                                            the requirements of Kogan.com’s Securities Trading Policy).
                                                            Upon vesting, there will be no disposal restrictions placed on the Ordinary
                                                            Shares issued to participants (subject only to the requirements of Kogan.com’s
                                                            Securities Trading Policy).
                         Lapse of Rights                    A Right will lapse upon the earliest to occur of:
                                                            •   Expiry date (relevant for Options);




For personal use only
                                                            •   Failure to meet vesting conditions;
                                                            •   Employment termination;
                                                            •   The participant electing to surrender the Right; and
                                                            •   Where, in the opinion of the Board, a participant deals with a Right
                                                                in contravention of any dealing restrictions under the EIP.


                        Recognition and measurement
                        a. Equity-settled transactions
                        The charge related to equity-settled transactions with team members is measured by reference to the fair value
                        of the equity instruments at the date they are granted, using an appropriate valuation model selected according
                        to the terms and conditions of the grant. The fair value is determined using a discounted cash flow valuation model.
                        Judgement is applied in determining the most appropriate valuation model and in determining the inputs to the
                        model. Third-party experts are engaged to advise in this area where necessary. Judgements are also applied in
                        relation to estimations of the number of rights which are expected to vest, by reference to historic leaver rates
                        and expected outcomes under relevant performance conditions.
                        The Group issues equity-settled share-based payments to certain team members, whereby team members render
                        services in exchange for Shares or Rights over Shares of the Parent Company.
                        Equity-settled awards are measured at fair value at the date of grant. The cost of these transactions is recognised
                        in the Consolidated Income Statement and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income and credited to equity
                        on a straight-line basis over the vesting period after allowing for an estimate of shares that will eventually vest.
                        The level of vesting is reviewed annually and the charge adjusted to reflect actual and estimated levels of vesting.
                        Where an equity-settled share-based payment scheme is modified during the vesting period, an additional charge
                        is recognised over the remainder of that vesting period to the extent that the fair value of the revised scheme at the
                        modification date exceeds the fair value of the original scheme at the modification date. Where the fair value of the
                        revised scheme does not exceed the fair value of the original scheme, the Group continues to recognise the charge
                        required under the conditions of the original scheme. Individuals must be employed by the Group at the time of
                        vesting, and not in their notice period, to be entitled to the equity incentives.

                        b. Cash-settled transactions
                        The amount payable to team members in respect of cash-settled share-based payments is recognised as an expense,
                        with a corresponding increase in liabilities, over the period which the team members become unconditionally entitled
                        to the payment. The liability is measured at each reporting date and at settlement date based on the fair value, with
                        any changes in the liability being recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                             89
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued


                        c. Expense recognised in profit or loss
                        During the period the Group recognised a share-based payment expense of $3,939,081 (2023: $31,267,008)
                        which relates to Performance Rights and Options granted during the year or in previous years.
                        The Group has recognised an expense of $1,548 thousand in relation to cash-based short-term incentives in 2024
                        (2023: nil).

                        Long-term incentives – Equity
                        Disclosure of outstanding Options
                                                                                                                                  No. of
                              Grant date      Vesting date        Expiry date                               Exercise price        shares
                             3 Dec 2020            1 Apr 2023      1 Apr 2025                                      $16.38         61,632




For personal use only
                              7 Oct 2021      29 Feb 2024         31 Aug 2024                                       $9.88        280,000
                             30 Jun 2022      27 Feb 2024         27 Feb 2026                                       $3.78         15,000
                             30 Jun 2022      27 Feb 2025         27 Feb 2027                                       $3.78         15,000
                             30 Jun 2022      27 Feb 2026         28 Feb 2028                                       $3.78         15,000
                             30 Jun 2022      27 Feb 2027         28 Feb 2029                                       $3.78         15,000
                              4 Oct 2022       1 Sep 2024          1 Sep 2026                                       $3.68        178,773
                              4 Oct 2022      31 Dec 2024         31 Dec 2026                                       $3.68         72,233
                             13 Jan 2023      30 Jun 2024         30 Jun 2026                                       $3.68           1,359
                             26 Sep 2023      30 Jun 2025         30 Jun 2027                                       $4.35         16,635
                             Total share options                                                                                 670,632


                        Disclosure of outstanding Performance rights
                                                                                                              Share price         No. of
                              Grant date      Vesting date                                                   at grant date        shares
                             17 Aug 2020      31 Dec 2024                                                          $20.51            170
                             29 Jan 2021      30 Jun 2024                                                           $17.99        34,273
                             16 Apr 2021      30 Jun 2024                                                           $13.31          3,133
                             30 Jun 2021      30 Jun 2024                                                           $11.58        90,349
                             25 Aug 2021      30 Jun 2024                                                          $10.80          2,245
                             25 Aug 2021      30 Jun 2025                                                          $10.80           1,768
                              7 Oct 2021      30 Jun 2024                                                            $9.74         1,000
                              6 Apr 2022      30 Jun 2024                                                           $5.59        164,980
                              6 Apr 2022      30 Jun 2025                                                           $5.59        155,200
                             30 Jun 2022      30 Jun 2024                                                           $2.78          23,147
                             23 Aug 2022      30 Jun 2024                                                           $3.55          3,686
                             23 Aug 2022      30 Jun 2025                                                           $3.55          9,828
                              3 Oct 2022      30 Jun 2024                                                           $2.93         94,391
                              3 Oct 2022      31 Dec 2024                                                           $2.93           9,511
                              3 Oct 2022      30 Jun 2025                                                           $2.93         29,887
                              3 Oct 2022      30 Jun 2026                                                           $2.93          4,077
                             12 Jan 2023      30 Jun 2024                                                           $4.02          5,468
                             12 Jan 2023      31 Dec 2024                                                           $4.02          11,951
                             31 Jan 2023      30 Jun 2024                                                           $4.50          5,935




                        90
                                                      kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                                                                 Share price       No. of
                         Grant date    Vesting date             at grant date      shares
                        31 Jan 2023    30 Jun 2025                     $4.50        5,935
                        14 Apr 2023    30 Jun 2024                      $3.61      13,333
                        14 Apr 2023    31 Dec 2024                      $3.61      19,126
                        14 Apr 2023    30 Jun 2025                      $3.61      13,333
                        14 Apr 2023    31 Dec 2025                      $3.61      12,317
                        14 Apr 2023    30 Jun 2026                      $3.61      13,334
                        14 Apr 2023    31 Dec 2026                      $3.61       9,756
                        22 Aug 2023    30 Jun 2025                     $5.07       7,500




For personal use only
                        22 Aug 2023    30 Jun 2026                     $5.07       7,500
                        26 Sep 2023    30 Jun 2024                     $5.10      50,722
                        26 Sep 2023    31 Dec 2024                     $5.10       14,292
                        26 Sep 2023    30 Jun 2025                     $5.10       14,943
                        26 Sep 2023    31 Dec 2025                     $5.10      29,884
                        26 Sep 2023    30 Jun 2026                     $5.10       4,598
                        26 Sep 2023    31 Dec 2026                     $5.10      29,890
                        29 Nov 2023    29 Nov 2023                     $5.21        3,307
                        29 Nov 2023    30 Jun 2024                     $5.21        3,307
                        21 Dec 2023    31 Dec 2024                     $5.10      65,242
                        21 Dec 2023    30 Jun 2025                     $5.10      261,013
                        21 Dec 2023    30 Jun 2026                     $5.10      322,179
                        26 Feb 2024    31 Dec 2024                     $7.57       10,195
                         1 Apr 2024    31 Dec 2024                     $8.00       2,250
                         1 Apr 2024    31 Dec 2025                     $8.00       2,250
                         1 Apr 2024    31 Dec 2026                     $8.00       2,250
                        6 May 2024     30 Jun 2025                     $4.71      13,000
                        6 May 2024     30 Jun 2026                     $4.71      13,000
                        28 Jun 2024    30 Jun 2025                      $4.17       4,271
                        28 Jun 2024    30 Jun 2026                      $4.17      3,023
                        28 Jun 2024    31 Dec 2026                      $4.17       1,898
                        28 Jun 2024    31 Dec 2027                      $4.17       1,898
                        30 Jun 2024    30 Jun 2025                      $4.17       1,708
                        30 Jun 2024    31 Dec 2025                      $4.17      2,000
                        30 Jun 2024    30 Jun 2026                      $4.17      32,165
                        30 Jun 2024    31 Dec 2026                      $4.17     39,667
                        30 Jun 2024    30 Jun 2027                      $4.17     28,749
                        30 Jun 2024    31 Dec 2027                      $4.17     39,668
                        Total shares                                            1,750,502




                                                                                        91
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued


                        Incentive Plans inputs
                        Disclosure of fair value measurement for Options granted this financial year
                        The fair value of the share-based payment plan has been measured using the Black-Scholes formula.
                        The expected volatility for options granted during the year ended 30 June 2024 is based on the daily closing share
                        prices for the years leading up to the options' vesting, as they are anticipated to be exercised immediately upon vesting.
                        The inputs used in the measurement of the fair values at grant date of the equity-settled share-based payment plan
                        were as follows:
                                                                                                                           2024             2023
                         Fair value at grant date                                                                           $1.73          $1.30
                         Share price at grant date                                                                         $4.85           $3.47




For personal use only
                         Exercise price                                                                                    $4.35           $3.68
                         Expected volatility (weighted average)                                                          60.36%           69.18%
                         Expected life (weighted average)                                                                   3.80             4.17
                         Expected dividend yield                                                                          0.00%            1.40%
                         Risk-free interest rate (based on government bonds)                                               3.37%           3.26%


                        Reconciliation of outstanding Long-term Incentive Plans
                        The following table details the total movement in Options issued by the Group during the year:
                                                                                                    LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLANS
                                                                                                             OPTIONS
                                                                                                2024                            2023
                                                                                                       Weighted                        Weighted
                                                                                                        average                         average
                                                                                          No. of        exercise          No. of        exercise
                                                                                          shares           price          shares           price
                         Outstanding at beginning of period                            6,653,997            $5.51      6,401,632            $5.51
                         Granted during the period                                         16,635          $4.35         274,035           $3.68
                         Forfeited during the period                                            –               –         (21,670)         $3.78
                         Exercised during the period                                 (6,000,000)           $5.29                –               –
                         Expired during the period                                              –               –               –               –
                         Outstanding at the end of the period                            670,632            $7.46      6,653,997            $5.51
                         Due to vest/exercisable at the end of the period                   1,359          $3.68      6,000,000            $5.29

                        The following table details the total movement in Performance Rights issued by the Group during the year:
                                                                                                              LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLANS
                                                                                                                       PERFORMANCE RIGHTS
                                                                                                                           2024             2023
                                                                                                                          No. of          No. of
                                                                                                                          shares          shares
                         Outstanding at beginning of period                                                             1,199,661        963,331
                         Granted during the period                                                                      1,033,631        452,618
                         Exercised during the period                                                                    (253,225)       (148,940)
                         Forfeited during the period                                                                    (229,565)        (67,348)
                         Expired during the period                                                                              –               –
                         Outstanding at the end of the period                                                          1,750,502        1,199,661
                         Due to vest/exercisable at the end of the period                                               495,969          179,142



                        92
                                                                                                  kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        SECTION 6: OTHER
                        6.1 Subsequent Events
                        The Directors have declared a final Dividend of 7.5 cents per Ordinary Share, fully franked. The final Dividend was not
                        determined until after the Balance Sheet date and accordingly no provision has been recognised at 30 June 2024.
                        The Dividend Reinvestment Plan will apply to the final Dividend at a 2.5% discount to the 5-day volume weighted
                        average price of shares sold on the ASX from the trading day prior to the record date.
                        There are no other subsequent events post reporting date 30 June 2024.

                        6.2 Remuneration of Auditors
                                                                                                                    CONSOLIDATED GROUP




For personal use only
                                                                                                                          2024           2023
                                                                                                                             $              $
                         Remuneration of the auditors for:
                         Auditing or reviewing the financial statements                                                500,731        465,938
                         Non-audit services – Tax advisory and compliance                                               43,909         119,774
                                                                                                                      544,640          585,712


                        6.3 Commitments
                        There were no Commitments as at 30 June 2024 (30 June 2023: $2,139 thousand expense annually over a 2 year
                        period for the lease of a Sydney warehouse).

                        6.4 Contingent Liabilities
                        As at 30 June 2024, the Group had bank guarantees of A$1,200 thousand (30 June 2023: A$1,200 thousand)
                        and NZ$2,600 thousand (30 June 2023: NZ$8,600 thousand) with Westpac Banking Corporation in relation
                        to its ordinary course of business. Additionally, the Group had a bank guarantee of NZ$1,000 thousand with
                        the Bank of New Zealand (BNZ).

                        6.5 Company Information
                        The registered office of the Company is:
                        Kogan.com Ltd
                        Level 7
                        330 Collins Street
                        Melbourne VIC 3000
                        The principal place of business is:
                        Kogan.com Ltd
                        139 Gladstone Street
                        South Melbourne VIC 3205




                                                                                                                                              93
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement
                        For the Year Ended 30 June 2024

                        Set out below is relevant information relating to entities that are consolidated in the consolidated financial
                        statements as at the end of the financial year as required by the Corporations Act 2001 (s. 295(3A)(a)).
                        Each entity is a tax resident in the jurisdiction it was formed or incorporated, other than Kogan HK Limited.
                        Kogan HK Limited, though established in Hong Kong, is considered to be an Australian resident company for
                        tax purposes because it carries on a business in Australia, it is centrally managed and controlled in Australia
                        and it has a controlling shareholder that is an Australian resident.
                                                                                                       % of share
                                                                                                      capital held
                                                                                                       directly or
                                                                                                        indirectly
                                                                   Body corporate,      Place              by the     Australian   Jurisdiction
                                                                   partnership or       incorporated/        body     or Foreign   for Foreign
                         Entity Name                               trust                formed         corporate      tax resident tax resident




For personal use only
                         Kogan.com Ltd                             Body Corporate       Australia                     Australian     N/A
                         Kogan Australia Pty Ltd                   Body Corporate       Australia             100%    Australian     N/A
                         Kogan Mobile Operations Pty Ltd           Body Corporate       Australia             100%    Australian     N/A
                         (formerly Kogan Mobile
                         Australia Pty Ltd)
                         Kogan Mobile Pty Ltd                      Body Corporate       Australia             100%    Australian     N/A
                         Kogan International Holdings Pty Ltd      Body Corporate       Australia             100%    Australian     N/A
                         Kogan HK Limited                          Body Corporate       Hong Kong             100%    Australian     N/A
                         Kogan HR Pty Ltd                          Body Corporate       Australia             100%    Australian     N/A
                         Kogan Travel Pty Ltd                      Body Corporate       Australia             100%    Australian     N/A
                         Dick Smith IP Holdings Pty Ltd            Body Corporate       Australia             100%    Australian     N/A
                         (formerly Kogan Technologies
                         UK Pty Ltd)
                         Online Business Number 1 Pty Ltd          Body Corporate       Australia             100%    Australian     N/A
                         Kogan Technologies Unit Trust             Trust                Australia              N/A    Australian     N/A
                         Kogan.com Holdings Pty Ltd                Body Corporate       Australia             100%    Australian     N/A
                         Kogan Operations Holdings Pty Ltd         Body Corporate       Australia             100%    Australian     N/A
                         Kogan Superannuation Pty Ltd              Body Corporate       Australia             100%    Australian     N/A
                         Matt Blatt Pty Ltd                        Body Corporate       Australia             100%    Australian     N/A
                         Mighty Ape Limited                        Body Corporate       New Zealand           100%    Foreign        New Zealand
                         Mighty Ape Australia Pty Ltd              Body Corporate       Australia             100%    Australian     N/A




                        94
                                                                                                    kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Directors’ Declaration

                        1   In the opinion of the Directors of Kogan.com Ltd (‘the Company’):
                            (a) the consolidated financial statements and notes that are set out on pages 47 to 93 and the
                                Remuneration report in sections 27 to 43 in the Directors’ report, are in accordance with the
                                Corporations Act 2001, including:
                               (i) giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2024 and of its
                                   performance and its cash flows, for the financial year ended on that date; and
                               (ii) complying with Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001; and
                            (b) the Consolidated entity disclosure statement as at 30 June 2024 set out on page 94 is true and correct; and
                            (c) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when
                                they become due and payable.




For personal use only
                        2   There are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company and the group entities identified in Note 4.1 will
                            be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are or may become subject to by virtue of the
                            Deed of Cross Guarantee between the Company and those group entities pursuant to ASIC Corporations
                            (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785.
                        3   The Directors have been given the declarations required by Sections 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 from
                            the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for the financial year ended 30 June 2024.
                        4 The Directors draw attention to the Basis of Preparation note to the consolidated financial statements,
                          which includes a statement of compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards.
                        5   This declaration has been made after receiving the declarations required to be made to the Directors
                            in accordance with section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 from the Chief Executive Officer and
                            Chief Financial Officer for the financial year ending 30 June 2024.
                        Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors:




                        David Shafer
                        Executive Director
                        Melbourne, 26 September 2024




                                                                                                                                              95
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Independent Auditor’s Report




                                  Independent Auditor’s Report




For personal use only
                                 To the shareholders of Kogan.com Ltd

                                  Report on the audit of the Financial Report



                                  Opinion

                                  We have audited the Financial Report of The Financial Report comprises:
                                  Kogan.com Ltd (the Company).
                                                                                    • Consolidated statement of financial position as at 30
                                  In our opinion, the accompanying Financial          June 2024
                                  Report of the Company gives a true and fair view,
                                  including of the Group’s financial position as at  Consolidated income statement and consolidated
                                  30 June 2024 and of its financial performance for   statement of other comprehensive income,
                                  the year then ended, in accordance with the         Consolidated statement of changes in equity, and
                                  Corporations Act 2001, in compliance with           Consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
                                  Australian Accounting Standards and the             then ended
                                  Corporations Regulations 2001.
                                                                                     Consolidated entity disclosure statement and
                                                                                      accompanying basis of preparation as at 30 June
                                                                                      2024
                                                                                             • Notes, including material accounting policies
                                                                                              Director’s Declaration
                                                                                             The Group consists of the Company and the entities it
                                                                                             controlled at the year-end or from time to time during
                                                                                             the financial year.

                                  Basis for opinion

                                  We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. We believe that the audit
                                  evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
                                  Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the
                                  audit of the Financial Report section of our report.
                                  We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 and ethical requirements
                                  of the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
                                  Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the Financial
                                  Report in Australia. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
                                  requirements.




                                 KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated
                                 with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. The KPMG name and
                                 logo are trademarks used under license by the independent member firms of the KPMG global organisation. Liability limited by
                                 a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.




                        96
                                                                                                      kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Key Audit Matters

                        The Key Audit Matters we identified are:           Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in our
                                                                           professional judgement, were of most significance in our
                            Revenue recognition
                                                                           audit of the Financial Report of the current period.




For personal use only
                            Valuation of goodwill
                                                                           These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
                                                                           of the Financial Report as a whole, and in forming our
                                                                           opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
                                                                           opinion on these matters.


                         Revenue recognition ($459.7m)

                         Refer to Note 1.1 to the financial report


                         The key audit matter                          How the matter was addressed in our audit


                         Revenue recognition from sale of goods     Our procedures included:
                         is a key audit matter due to the:
                          - relative size of sale of goods revenue  Evaluating the Group’s accounting policies for
                              (being 81% of total revenue) within      revenue recognition against the requirements of the
                              the Group’s consolidated income          accounting standards and our understanding of the
                              statement;                               business;

                         -   significant audit effort to test the           Understanding processes and testing key controls
                             high volume of sale of goods                    relating to the sale of goods;
                             transactions recorded as revenue by
                             the Group;                                     For a sample of sale of goods revenue recognised by
                                                                             the Group throughout the year, we checked the
                         -   the Group has specific processes                amount of revenue recorded by the Group to the
                             and controls they perform at year               customer sales invoice and cash receipts obtained
                             end to check revenue is recognised              from the Group’s bank or payment gateway
                             in the right period. This increases the         statements. We checked the date revenue was
                             risk of bias and our audit effort to            recognised by the Group to the underlying shipping
                             check revenue transactions are                  documentation and against the terms of sale of
                             recorded in the correct reporting               goods;
                             period.
                                                                            Selecting a sample of revenue transactions before
                                                                             and after the year end due to the increased risk of
                                                                             potential bias. For each sample selected we:
                                                                               o checked the amount of revenue recorded by the
                                                                                 Group to the amount of the sales invoice to the
                                                                                 customer and cash receipts to the Group’s bank
                                                                                 or payment gateway statements; and
                                                                               o checked the date the revenue was recognised
                                                                                 to shipping documents; and

                                                                            Evaluating the adequacy of the disclosures made in
                                                                             the financial report against the requirements of the
                                                                             accounting standards.
                         Revenue recognition from the Group’s
                         Kogan FIRST Subscriptions (Kogan              Our procedures included:




                                                                                                                                      97
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Independent Auditor’s Report continued




                                   FIRST) is a key audit matter due to
                                   the judgements made by the Group in             Evaluating the Group’s accounting policies for
                                   the recognition and measurement of               revenue recognition against the requirements of the
                                   revenue and associated deferred                  accounting standards and our understanding of the
                                   income and the level of audit effort             business;




For personal use only
                                   required by us in assessing the Group’s
                                   assumptions underlying the timing of its        Understanding processes and key elements to the
                                   recognition based on the usage trend of          accounting estimate by management in determining
                                   member benefits over the 12-month                Kogan FIRST revenue and deferred income;
                                   membership period.
                                                                                   For a sample of Kogan FIRST payments received
                                                                                    during the year, we checked the amount of gross
                                                                                    revenue recorded by the Group to the customer sales
                                                                                    invoice and cash receipts;

                                                                                   Assessing the Group’s deferred income assumptions,
                                                                                    including evaluating the underlying deferral rate used
                                                                                    in the Group’s assessment of Kogan FIRST deferred
                                                                                    income and assessing the deferral rate against
                                                                                    historical usage;

                                                                                   Recalculating the deferred income recognised as at
                                                                                    the end of the year; and

                                                                                   Evaluating the adequacy of the disclosures made in
                                                                                    the financial report against the requirements of the
                                                                                    accounting standards.

                                   Valuation of goodwill (AUD $46.3m)

                                   Refer to Note 2.2 to the financial report


                                   The key audit matter                         How the matter was addressed in our audit


                                   A key audit matter was the Group’s           Our audit procedures included:
                                   annual testing of the recoverability of
                                   goodwill valuation associated with               Assessing the Group’s value in use (VIU) model for
                                   Mighty Ape given the size of the balance          Mighty Ape and key assumptions by:
                                   (being 19% of total assets) and the               o evaluating the appropriateness of the VIU
                                   estimation uncertainty associated with               method applied by the Group against accounting
                                   current economic and market conditions.              standard requirements;
                                                                                     o assessing the integrity of the model used,
                                   The Group assessed valuation of the                  including the accuracy of the underlying
                                   Mighty Ape Cash Generating Unit via                  calculation formulas;
                                   detailed value in use (VIU) discounted
                                                                                     o comparing significant inputs into the relevant
                                   cash flow modelling, which contains a
                                                                                        cash flow forecasts to the Group’s Board
                                   number of assumptions.
                                                                                        approved budget;
                                   The Mighty Ape VIU model is internally            o assessing the accuracy of previous Group
                                   developed and uses a range of internal               forecasts to inform our evaluation of forecasts
                                   and external data as inputs. Forward                 incorporated in the model
                                   looking estimates may be prone to                 o using our knowledge of the Group, its past
                                   greater risk for potential bias, error and           performance, published studies on industry




                        98
                                                                                                    kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                         inconsistent application. These                      trends and our industry knowledge to challenge
                         conditions necessitate additional scrutiny           and assess key assumptions including forecast
                         by us, over key assumptions including                cash flows, forecast growth rates over the
                         forecast cash flows, forecast growth                 forecast period and terminal growth rate; and
                         rates over the forecast period and                 o working with our valuation specialists, we




For personal use only
                         discount rate.                                       independently developed a discount rate range
                                                                              using publicly available market data for
                                                                              comparable entities, adjusted by risk factors
                                                                              specific to Mighty Ape;

                                                                           Considering the sensitivity of the model by varying
                                                                            key assumptions, such as forecast growth rates and
                                                                            discount rate within a reasonably possible range;
                                                                            and

                                                                           Assessing the disclosures in the financial report
                                                                            using our understanding of the recoverability
                                                                            assessment obtained from our testing and against
                                                                            the requirements of the accounting standards.


                        Other Information


                        Other Information is financial and non-financial information in Kogan.com Ltd’s annual report which is
                        provided in addition to the Financial Report and the Auditor’s Report. The Directors are responsible for the
                        Other Information.
                        Our opinion on the Financial Report does not cover the Other Information and, accordingly, we do not
                        express an audit opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the
                        Remuneration Report and our related assurance opinion.
                        In connection with our audit of the Financial Report, our responsibility is to read the Other Information. In
                        doing so, we consider whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with the Financial Report
                        or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
                        We are required to report if we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other Information,
                        and based on the work we have performed on the Other Information that we obtained prior to the date of
                        this Auditor’s Report we have nothing to report.


                        Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

                        The Directors are responsible for:

                             preparing the Financial Report in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including giving a true
                              and fair view of the financial position and performance of the Group, and in compliance with
                              Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001
                             implementing necessary internal control to enable the preparation of a Financial Report in accordance
                              with the Corporations Act 2001, including giving a true and fair view of the financial position and
                              performance of the Group, and that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error
                             assessing the Group and Company’s ability to continue as a going concern and whether the use of
                              the going concern basis of accounting is appropriate. This includes disclosing, as applicable, matters
                              related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend




                                                                                                                                        99
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Independent Auditor’s Report continued




                                        to liquidate the Group and Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do
                                        so.


                                  Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report




For personal use only
                                  Our objective is:
                                     • to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Financial Report as a whole is free from material
                                        misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
                                     • to issue an Auditor’s Report that includes our opinion.
                                  Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
                                  accordance with Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
                                  Misstatements can arise from fraud or error. They are considered material if, individually or in the
                                  aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
                                  basis of the Financial Report.
                                  A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report is located at the Auditing
                                  and Assurance Standards Board website at:
                                  https://www.auasb.gov.au/admin/file/content102/c3/ar1_2020.pdf. This description forms part of our
                                  Auditor’s Report.


                                  Report on the Remuneration Report

                                  Opinion
                                                                                        The Directors of the Company are responsible for the
                                  In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of            preparation and presentation of the Remuneration
                                  Kogan.com Ltd for the year ended 30 June              Report in accordance with Section 300A of the
                                  2024, complies with Section 300A of the               Corporations Act 2001.
                                  Corporations Act 2001.
                                                                                        Our responsibilities
                                                                                        We have audited the Remuneration Report included in
                                                                                        pages 27 to 43 of the Directors’ Report for the year
                                                                                        ended 30 June 2024.
                                                                                        Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
                                                                                        Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted
                                                                                        in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




                                  KPMG                                           Suzanne Bell

                                                                                 Partner

                                                                                 Melbourne

                                                                                 26 September 2024




                        100
                                                                                                  kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Shareholder Information

                        The Shareholder information set out below was applicable as at 13 September 2024.
                        Additional information required by the Australian Securities Exchange Limited Listing Rules and not disclosed
                        elsewhere in this report, is listed below.


                        A. NUMBER OF HOLDERS OF EQUITY SECURITIES
                        Ordinary Share Capital
                        100,737,647 fully paid ordinary shares are held by 33,870 individual shareholders.
                        All issued ordinary shares carry one vote per share and the rights to dividends.

                        Performance Rights




For personal use only
                        1,512,299 performance rights are held by 107 individuals.
                        All performance rights are unvested and do not carry a right to vote.


                        B. DISTRIBUTION OF EQUITY SECURITY
                                                                                                          Total       Total
                                                                                                      Ordinary Performance            Total
                                                                                                         share       Rights         Options
                                                                                                       holders      holders         holders
                         1 – 1000                                                                          25,523          12            –
                         1,001 – 5,000                                                                      6,669         44              1
                         5,001 – 10,000                                                                      1,013        30             6
                         10,001 – 100,000                                                                     622         18             8
                         100,001 and over                                                                      43          3             2
                                                                                                           33,870        107             17
                         Holdings less than a marketable parcel                                            8,828




                                                                                                                                         101
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024



                        Shareholder Information continued



                        C. EQUITY SECURITY HOLDERS
                        Twenty largest quoted equity security holders
                         Name                                                                                          Units         % units
                         KOGAN MANAGEMENT PTY LTD <THE RUSLAN TECH A/C>                                           15,515,701         15.40%
                         J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                9,977,290           9.90%
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                8,670,288           8.61%
                         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                            6,494,073           6.45%
                         SHAFER CORPORATION PTY LTD <THE SHAFER FAMILY A/C>                                       3,075,642           3.05%
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED-GSCO ECA                                       1,629,424           1.62%
                         MORGAN STANLEY AUSTRALIA SECURITIES (NOMINEE) PTY LIMITED <NO 1 ACCOUNT>                  1,408,616          1.40%




For personal use only
                         NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                1,390,756           1.38%
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <IB AU NOMS RETAILCLIENT>                                    1,020,614          1.01%
                         TOM HADLEY ENTERPRISES PTY LTD                                                            600,000            0.60%
                         MERRILL LYNCH (AUSTRALIA) NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                              572,713          0.57%
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING A/C>                                          535,641           0.53%
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <GLOBAL MARKETS>                                                  491,006           0.49%
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED – A/C 2                                          441,077           0.44%
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD>                                    313,838           0.31%
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IPS SUPERFUND A/C>                                        297,841          0.30%
                         MR GORAN STEFKOVSKI                                                                        288,384           0.29%
                         FINCLEAR SERVICES PTY LTD <SUPERHERO SECURITIES A/C>                                       257,567           0.26%
                         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>                               237,308           0.24%
                         UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                       234,997           0.23%
                         Total                                                                                   53,452,776          53.06%
                         Total Remaining Holders Balance                                                         47,284,871          46.94%


                        D. SUBSTANTIAL SECURITY HOLDERS
                        The Company has received no substantial holder notices from shareholders who hold relevant interest in the
                        Company’s Ordinary Shares as at 13 September 2024.


                        E. VOTING RIGHTS
                        The voting rights attaching to each class of equity securities are set out below:

                        Ordinary Shares
                        Each Share is entitled to one vote when poll is called, otherwise each member present at a meeting or by proxy has
                        one vote on a show of hands.

                        Performance Rights
                        All Performance Rights are unvested and do not carry a right to vote.




                        102
                                                                                               kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        F. STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING
                        Quotation has been granted for all of the Ordinary Shares of the Company on all Member Exchanges of the ASX Limited.


                        G. UNQUOTED SECURITIES
                        1,512,299 Performance Rights held by 107 holders.
                        670,632 Options held by 17 holders.


                        H. SECURITIES SUBJECT TO VOLUNTARY ESCROW
                        There are no securities subject to voluntary escrow.




For personal use only
                        I. ON MARKET BUY-BACK
                        The Group commenced an on-market share buy-back program in May 2023, anticipated to remain ongoing
                        until May 2025. The Group purchased $34,635,287 of shares by 30 June 2024 ($10,786,588 in FY23 and
                        $23,848,699 in FY24), resulting in a reduction of Issued Capital.




                                                                                                                                        103
                        kogan.com Ltd Annual Report 2024




                        Corporate Directory

                        COMPANY SECRETARY
                        Mark Licciardo, Acclime Australia


                        PRINCIPAL REGISTERED OFFICE
                        KOGAN.COM LTD
                        C/– Acclime Australia
                        7/330 Collins Street
                        Melbourne VIC 3000
                        +61 3 8689 9997




For personal use only
                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
                        KOGAN.COM LTD
                        139 Gladstone Street
                        South Melbourne VIC 3205
                        +61 3 6285 8572


                        LOCATION OF SHARE REGISTRY
                        AUTOMIC GROUP
                        Suite 5 Level 12
                        530 Collins Street
                        Melbourne VIC 3000
                        1300 288 664


                        STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING
                        Kogan.com Ltd (KGN) shares are listed on the ASX.


                        AUDITORS
                        KPMG
                        Tower Two, Collins Square
                        727 Collins Street
                        Docklands VIC 3008




                        104
For personal use only




                        colliercreative.com.au #KOG0019
For personal use only
