                        KOGAN.COM LTD | APPENDIX 4E




                         Appendix 4E – Kogan.com Ltd
                        ABN 96 612 447 293

                        Year Ended 30 June 2026

                        (Previous corresponding period: Year ended 30 June 2025)


                                                                                    30 June 2026                     30 June 2025                Change             Change
                                                                                        $'000                            $'000                    $'000               %
                        Revenues from ordinary activities                               510,732                         488,107                   22,625               4.6
                        Profit/(Loss) before tax                                         18,652                         (32,892)                  51,544               n/a
                        Profit/(Loss) after tax                                           11,166                        (39,465)                  50,631               n/a




For personal use only
                        ​
                        ABBREVIATED EXPLANATION OF RESULTS

                        Kogan.com Ltd (“the Group”) Overview

                        The Group delivered a year of profitable growth in FY26, with Revenue increasing to $510.7 million (FY25: $488.1
                        million) and Profit after Tax improved to $11.2 million (FY25: loss of $39.5 million, inclusive of a Goodwill
                        write-down). The result reflects continued growth across Kogan.com’s diversified revenue streams, improved
                        operating leverage and significant progress in Mighty Ape’s strategic turnaround.

                        During FY26, Kogan.com continued to strengthen its Platform-based Sales1 model, delivering growth across its
                        Marketplace, Verticals, Loyalty and Advertising, while also growing Product sales and maintaining disciplined
                        operating cost management. This translated into Adjusted EBITDA2,3 growth and expanded operating margins,
                        demonstrating the scalability of the Group’s capital-light operating model.

                        Following the operational reset undergone over the past two years, Mighty Ape returned to positive Adjusted
                        EBITDA2,3 performance in the final quarter of the year, underpinned by a streamlined cost base, improved
                        inventory quality and the continued expansion of high-margin platform businesses including Mighty Mobile,
                        Mighty Ape Marketplace and the PRIMATE loyalty program.

                        The Group closed the year with $36.4 million in cash and no external debt, having returned $33.2 million to
                        shareholders through $20.2 million of share buy-backs and $13.0 million of dividends (net of the DRP). Inventory
                        at year end totalled $77.9 million, comprising $63.0 million held in-warehouse and $14.9 million in-transit,
                        positioning the Group well to support future growth.

                        Kogan.com

                        Kogan.com continued to deliver growth across its diversified revenue streams in FY26, with Revenue increasing
                        16.2% to $425.2 million. Growth was driven by expansion across all divisions, while disciplined cost management
                        improved operating leverage and supported higher growth in Adjusted EBITDA.



                        1. Refers to Revenue generated by non-inventory sales. ​
                        2. Kogan.com believes that non-IFRS measures referred to in this document may provide useful information to recipients for measuring the underlying
                        operating performance of the Business. Non-IFRS measures are not subject to audit.​
                        3. Refer to the Results Presentation dated 24 August 2026 for a detailed reconciliation to the Adjusted Net Profit After Tax result. Adjusted NPAT excludes
                        equity-based compensation & associated expenses, non-recurring items and non-cash items.



                                                                                                                                                                                 1
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | APPENDIX 4E




                        Kogan Products delivered a strong FY26 result, with Gross Profit increasing 33.4% to $64.3 million, significantly
                        outpacing Revenue growth of 18.0% to $304.6 million. Gross Margin expanded 2.4 percentage points to 21.1%,
                        supported by improved sales mix, sourcing and supplier negotiations.

                        Kogan.com's capital-light Platform-based Sales model continued to scale, with Revenue increasing 11.7% to
                        $120.5 million, reflecting continued momentum across Marketplace, Loyalty, Verticals and Advertising.
                        Marketplace Revenue increased 20.3% to $35.4 million, supported by increased seller participation and
                        marketing investment. The Kogan FIRST loyalty program generated $57.0 million in Revenue, an increase of
                        11.0%, while deferred income grew 17.6% to $10.4 million, demonstrating the continued strength and
                        engagement of the membership base. Kogan Verticals contributed $23.4 million in Revenue, up 2.0%, reflecting
                        continued growth across the Group's ecosystem of connected services.

                        Mighty Ape

                        Mighty Ape's focus for FY26 was on its operational reset to return the business to profitability. The business
                        generated $0.4 million of Adjusted EBITDA in the final quarter, reflecting the benefits of the One Group




For personal use only
                        Strategy under One Global Team, a significantly reprofiled cost base and stronger sales mix.

                        Revenue from ordinary activities was $85.6 million, down 29.9% on the prior year as the business deliberately
                        reduced inventory levels and exited lower-quality sales during the reset. At the same time, higher-margin
                        Platform-based Sales continued to gain momentum, increasing 113.6% to $8.7 million. This growth was
                        underpinned by continued expansion of the PRIMATE loyalty program, with subscription revenue increasing
                        86.6% to $4.5 million, Mighty Ape Marketplace Revenue growing 147.0% to $3.4 million, and Mighty Mobile
                        Revenue increasing 172.9% to $0.8 million. These initiatives have established a more scalable and capital-light
                        earnings model, positioning Mighty Ape well for future growth.

                        Group Profit and Adjusted Earnings

                        The Group recorded a statutory profit after tax of $11.2 million, which includes the below material
                        non-cash/non-recurring items:

                             ●​ Equity-based compensation and associated expenses of $4.2 million (FY25: $5.6 million);
                             ●​ Unrealised losses of $1.6 million (FY25: unrealised losses $0.8 million) in relation to open forward foreign
                                exchange contracts held as at 30 June 2026; and
                             ●​ Non-cash depreciation and amortisation of intangible assets (brands, software and right-of-use assets)
                                that were acquired as part of the Mighty Ape acquisition in December 2020 of $3.4 million (FY25: $3.4
                                million).

                        These items are not considered by the Group to be representative of the underlying performance of the
                        Business. As such, Adjusted Net Profit After Tax3,4 of $19.4 million (FY25: $14.9 million), may be a useful metric to
                        assess underlying business performance.

                        Refer to the accompanying market release and the Kogan.com FY26 Results Presentation dated 24 August 2026
                        for further commentary.

                        CONTROL GAINED OR LOST OVER ENTITIES IN THE PERIOD

                        Kogan.com Ltd established Kogan Trading US Inc. as a new subsidiary during FY26 (FY25: nil). No activity was
                        conducted through the subsidiary during FY26.

                        4. Values stated in AUD using 1 July 2025 to 30 June 2026 average rate of AUD/NZD 0.8628.




                                                                                                                                           2
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | APPENDIX 4E




                        NET TANGIBLE ASSETS PER SHARE

                                                                                                     30 June 2026         30 June 2025
                        Net tangible assets backing per Ordinary Share                                   $0.04               $0.19


                        DIVIDENDS

                                                                         Amount per Share       Franked Amount per Share at 30% of Tax
                                                                             (cents)                          (cents)
                        Ordinary shares:
                        2025 interim dividend paid 30 April 2025                7.00                              7.00
                        2025 final dividend paid 28 November 2025               7.00                             4.80
                        2026 interim dividend paid 30 April 2026                8.00                             8.00
                        2026 final dividend declared                            8.00                             8.00




For personal use only
                        FY26 Final Dividend update

                        The Board has announced a fully franked final dividend of 8.0 cents per Ordinary Share, to be distributed to
                        holders of fully paid Ordinary Shares on 30 November 2026.

                        DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT PLAN (DRP)

                        A DRP was available for the FY26 Interim Dividend and will also apply to the FY26 Final Dividend at a 2.5%
                        discount to the 5-day volume weighted average price of shares sold on the ASX over the five trading days
                        immediately preceding the relevant Record Date.

                        COMMENTARY ON THE RESULTS FOR THE PERIOD

                        Further commentary and analysis of the results have been provided in the FY26 Results Presentation dated 24
                        August 2026.

                        Principal activities

                        The Kogan Group (“Group”) is a portfolio of retail and services businesses that includes Kogan Retail,
                        Marketplaces, Loyalty Programs, Verticals, Dick Smith, Matt Blatt, Brosa and Mighty Ape.

                        Kogan Group earns the majority of its revenue and profit through the sale of goods and services to Australian
                        and New Zealand consumers. Its offering comprises products released under Kogan.com’s Exclusive Brands,
                        such as Kogan, Ovela, Fortis, Ergolux and Komodo (“Exclusive Brands Products”), and products sourced from
                        imported and domestic Third-Party Brands such as Apple, Garmin, Eufy and Samsung (“Third-Party Brands
                        Products”). In addition to product offerings, Kogan.com earns Revenue from:

                            ●​ Premium membership service Kogan FIRST and Mighty Ape PRIMATE, and
                            ●​ Platform-based Sales, which include seller fees from Marketplaces, advertising fees from Advertising
                               Platform, and commission-based Revenue from ("Verticals") Kogan Money Credit Cards, Kogan Energy,
                               Kogan Insurance, Kogan Internet, Kogan Mobile Australia, Kogan Mobile New Zealand, Kogan Pet, Kogan
                               Travel, Mighty Mobile, Mighty Ape Insurance and Mighty Ape Travel.

                        There were no significant changes in the nature of the activities of the Group during the year.



                                                                                                                                         3
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | APPENDIX 4E




                        Highlights of the full year result

                            ●​ Kogan Products, comprising Exclusive Brands and Third-Party Brands, continued to deliver strong
                               growth across all categories. Revenue increased 18.0% to $304.6 million.

                            ●​ Marketplaces delivered Revenue of $38.7 million, growing 25.9%, driven by continued marketing
                               optimisation, an expanded seller base, and the growing contribution from the Marketplace model
                               following its expansion to Mighty Ape.

                            ●​ Loyalty Subscriptions (Kogan FIRST and Mighty Ape PRIMATE) delivered combined Revenue of $61.4
                               million, up 14.3%, with deferred income of $11.3 million as at 30 June 2026. These results highlight the
                               continued success of the Group’s subscription offerings in deepening customer loyalty, driving higher
                               engagement, and increasing repeat shopping across both platforms.

                            ●​ Verticals achieved Revenue of $24.2 million, up 4.3%, with performance particularly supported by Kogan
                               Mobile and Kogan Insurance, together with an increasing contribution from the expansion of the




For personal use only
                               Verticals model into Mighty Ape.

                            ●​ Advertising & Other delivered $4.9 million of Revenue, up 14.6%.

                            ●​ Artificial Intelligence was deployed across Kogan.com’s Customer Care operations in March 2026,
                               automating a significant proportion of customer enquiries, improving resolution times considerably, and
                               achieving a reduction in serving costs. Internal AI processes deployed across Product, Engineering and
                               Operations are compounding Group-wide efficiency gains, increasing capacity and enabling the Group
                               to scale without proportionate headcount growth.

                            ●​ Cash totalled $36.4 million (30 June 2025: $42.1 million) as at 30 June 2026, with no external debt. The
                               year included $20.2 million invested in the ongoing on-market share buy-back program and $13.0 million
                               in dividend payments (net of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan valued at $1.7 million).

                            ●​ Group Inventories totalled $77.9 million as at 30 June 2026, up $5.7 million YoY to support the growth
                               of the Products Division in Kogan.com. Kogan.com inventory was at optimal levels, while Mighty Ape
                               completed its inventory range reset and commenced building fresh, in-demand product ranges.

                            ●​ Free Cash Flow of $38.3 million increased 18.2% YoY, reflecting the earnings power of the Kogan Group.

                            ●​ 61% of Gross Profit was generated from capital-light, Platform-based Sales, up from 59% in FY25.

                        FOREIGN ENTITIES

                        The results of Kogan HK Limited, a Hong Kong registered entity, Mighty Ape Limited, a New Zealand registered
                        entity, and Kogan Trading US Inc, a US incorporated entity have been compiled using International Financial
                        Reporting Standards (IFRS), as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

                        EVENTS AFTER 30 JUNE 2026

                        The Directors have declared a fully franked Final Dividend of 8.0 cents per Ordinary Share on 24 August 2026.
                        The final Dividend was not determined until after the Balance Sheet date and accordingly no provision has been
                        recognised at 30 June 2026.

                        The Dividend Reinvestment Plan will apply to the FY26 Final Dividend.




                                                                                                                                     4
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | APPENDIX 4E




                        ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

                        Kogan.com Ltd advises that its Annual General Meeting will be held on Monday, 23 November 2026. The time
                        and other details relating to the meeting will be advised in the Notice of Meeting to be sent to all shareholders
                        and released to ASX immediately after dispatch.

                        In accordance with the ASX Listing Rules and the company’s constitution, valid nominations for the position of
                        Director are required to be lodged at the registered office of the Company by 5:00pm (AEDT) 5 October 2026.

                        This report is based on the consolidated financial statements of Kogan.com Ltd for the year ended 30 June
                        2026, which have been audited. The Independent Auditor's Report is included in the accompanying Financial
                        Report.

                        Signed on behalf of Kogan.com Ltd, on 24 August 2026.




For personal use only
                        Greg Ridder​
                        Chair




                                                                                                                                       5
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | CONTENTS




For personal use only




                        ABN 96 612 447 293

                        Financial Report for the​
                        Year Ended 30 June 2026.



                                                    6
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | CONTENTS




For personal use only
                        Contents

                        Directors’ Report                              08   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows          35

                        Remuneration Report                            17   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 36

                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration             31   Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement      79

                        Consolidated Income Statement and
                        Consolidated Statement of other                32   Director’s Declaration                        81
                        Comprehensive Income

                        Consolidated Statement of Financial Position   33   Independent Auditor’s Report                  82

                        Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity    34   Corporate Directory                           87




                                                                                                                                7
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | DIRECTORS’ REPORT




                        Directors’ Report
                        The Directors of Kogan.com Ltd and its controlled entities (“the Group”) present their report together with the
                        consolidated financial report of the Group for the financial year ended 30 June 2026 and the audit report
                        thereon.

                        DIRECTORS

                        The following persons were Directors of the Group at any time during the financial year and up to the date of
                        signing this report.

                        Greg Ridder - Independent Non-Executive Chair
                        Francine Ereira - Independent Non-Executive Director - appointed 26 August 2025
                        Gary Levin - Independent Non-Executive Director - appointed 26 August 2025




For personal use only
                        Harry Debney - Independent Non-Executive Director
                        Janine Allis - Independent Non-Executive Director
                        Ronn Bechler - Independent Non-Executive Director - appointed 26 August 2025
                        James Spenceley - Independent Non-Executive Director - resigned 10 September 2025
                        Ruslan Kogan - Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
                        David Shafer - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Executive Director


                        Particulars of each Director’s experience and qualifications are set out later in this report.

                        COMPANY SECRETARY

                        The Group engages Confidant Partners Pty Ltd to provide company secretarial services, with Belinda Cleminson
                        as the Company Secretary.

                        PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

                        The Kogan Group (“Group”) is a portfolio of retail and services businesses that includes Kogan Retail,
                        Marketplaces, Loyalty Programs, Verticals, Dick Smith, Matt Blatt, Brosa and Mighty Ape.

                        Kogan Group earns the majority of its revenue and profit through the sale of goods and services to Australian
                        and New Zealand consumers. Its offering comprises products released under Kogan.com’s Exclusive Brands,
                        such as Kogan, Ovela, Fortis, Ergolux and Komodo (“Exclusive Brands Products”), and products sourced from
                        imported and domestic Third-Party Brands such as Apple, Garmin, Eufy and Samsung (“Third-Party Brands
                        Products”). In addition to product offerings, Kogan.com earns Revenue from:

                            ●​ Premium membership service Kogan FIRST and Mighty Ape PRIMATE, and
                            ●​ Platform-based Sales, which include seller fees from Marketplaces, advertising fees from Advertising
                               Platform, and commission-based Revenue from ("Verticals") Kogan Credit Cards, Kogan Energy, Kogan
                               Insurance, Kogan Internet, Kogan Mobile Australia, Kogan Mobile New Zealand, Kogan Money, Kogan
                               Pet, Kogan Travel,Mighty Mobile and Mighty Ape Travel Insurance.




                                                                                                                                     8
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | DIRECTORS’ REPORT




                        The results of Kogan HK Limited, a Hong Kong registered entity, Mighty Ape Limited, a New Zealand registered
                        entity, and Kogan Trading US Inc, a US incorporated entity, have been compiled using International Financial
                        Reporting Standards (IFRS), as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

                        No significant change in the nature of other activities occurred during the year.

                        EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR

                        The Directors have declared a fully franked Final Dividend of 8.0 cents per Ordinary Share. The Final Dividend
                        was not determined until after the Balance Sheet date and accordingly no provision has been recognised at 30
                        June 2026.

                        The Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) applied to the Dividends at a 2.5% discount to the 5-day volume
                        weighted average price of shares sold on the ASX over the five trading days immediately preceding the relevant
                        Record Date.




For personal use only
                        There are no other subsequent events post reporting date 30 June 2026.

                        INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

                        Kogan.com has entered into a deed of indemnity, insurance and access with each Director confirming the
                        Director’s right of access to Board papers and requires Kogan.com to indemnify the Director, on a full indemnity
                        basis and to the full extent permitted by law against all losses or liabilities (including all reasonable legal costs)
                        incurred by the Director as an officer of Kogan.com or of a related body corporate.

                        Under the deeds of indemnity, insurance and access, Kogan.com must maintain a Directors’ and Officers’
                        insurance policy insuring a Director (among others) against liability as a Director and Officer of Kogan.com
                        related to body corporate (or, where relevant proceedings are commenced during the seven-year period, the
                        date on which those proceedings are finally resolved).

                        Disclosure of the total amount of the premiums paid under this renewed insurance policy is not permitted under
                        the provisions of the insurance contract.

                        INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE OF AUDITORS

                        To the extent permitted by law, Kogan.com Ltd has agreed to indemnify its auditors, Ernst & Young Australia, as
                        part of the terms of its audit engagement agreement against claims by third parties arising from the audit (for an
                        unspecified amount). No payment has been made to indemnify Ernst & Young during or since the financial year.

                        PROCEEDINGS ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY

                        No person has applied for leave of court to bring proceedings on behalf of the Company or intervene in any
                        proceedings to which the Company is a party for the purpose of taking responsibility on behalf of the Company
                        for all or any part of those proceedings.

                        The Company was not a party to any such proceedings during the year.

                        DIVIDENDS

                        In respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2026, the Directors:




                                                                                                                                            9
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | DIRECTORS’ REPORT




                            ●​ Declared a fully franked Interim Dividend of 8.0 cents per Ordinary Share. The record date for the
                               Interim Dividend was 13 March 2026 and was paid on 30 April 2026.
                            ●​ Declared a fully franked Final Dividend of 8.0 cents per Ordinary Share. The record date for the Final
                               Dividend will be 11 September 2026 and will be paid on 30 November 2026.

                        Details with respect to the distribution paid during the year are provided in Note 3.4.

                        A Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) was available for the FY26 interim Dividend and the DRP will also apply for
                        the FY26 Final Dividend at a 2.5% discount to the 5-day volume weighted average price of shares sold on the
                        ASX over the five trading days immediately preceding the relevant Record Date.

                        NON-AUDIT SERVICES

                        The Company’s auditor for FY26 was Ernst & Young (EY). No non-audit services were provided by EY during the
                        year.




For personal use only
                        LEAD AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION

                        The lead auditor’s independence declaration for the financial year ended 30 June 2026 can be found on page 31
                        of the financial report and forms part of the Directors' Report.

                        ​
                        THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND COMPANY SECRETARY


                                             Greg Ridder​
                                             (BBus (Acc), Grad Dip (Mktg), GAICD, CPA)​
                                             Independent, Non-Executive Chair
                                             Mr Ridder was appointed to the Board of Kogan.com in May 2016 as an Independent,
                                             Non-Executive Chair.
                                             Formerly Asia Pacific Regional President at NYSE listed Owens-Illinois, he is experienced
                                             in leading businesses in multiple countries, cultures, economic circumstances and market
                                             conditions. Mr Ridder also serves as Non-Executive Director at a number of not-for-profit
                                             and private entities.
                                             Mr Ridder holds a Bachelor of Business in Accounting from RMIT, a Graduate Diploma in
                                             Marketing from Monash University, and has completed the Advanced Management
                                             Programme at INSEAD in France. He is a CPA and a graduate member of the Australian
                                             Institute of Company Directors.
                                             Directorship of listed entities within the past three years
                                             ●​ Director of Spirit Technology Solutions Ltd (now Infotrust Ltd) (ceased August 2024)
                                             Board Committee membership
                                             ●​ Member of the Remuneration & Nomination Committee




                                                                                                                                    10
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | DIRECTORS’ REPORT




                                            Francine Ereira​
                                            (BBus, GAICD)​
                                            Independent Non-Executive Director
                                            Ms Ereira was appointed to the Board of Kogan.com in August 2025 as an Independent
                                            Non-Executive Director. She serves as Chair of the Remuneration & Nomination
                                            Committee and is a member of the Audit & Risk Management Committee.
                                            Ms Ereira is Chief Executive Officer of the Northfield Foundation. Prior to this, she was
                                            Managing Director of Klarna Australia & New Zealand, where she led the company's
                                            market entry and rapid expansion. She has also held senior leadership roles at Zip Co
                                            Limited, Temando, Sheridan and The Walt Disney Company, with a strong focus on
                                            growth, digital transformation, customer experience and operational strategy.
                                            Ms Ereira holds a Bachelor of Business (Management and Marketing) from Monash
                                            University and is a Graduate of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.




For personal use only
                                            Directorship of listed entities within the past three years
                                            ●​ Non-Executive Director of Baby Bunting Ltd
                                            Board Committee membership
                                            ●​ Chair of the Remuneration & Nomination Committee
                                            ●​ Member of the Audit & Risk Management Committee


                                            Gary Levin​
                                            (BCom, LLB, MAICD) ​
                                            Independent Non-Executive Director
                                            Mr Levin was appointed to the Board of Kogan.com in August 2025 as an Independent
                                            Non-Executive Director. Mr Levin also serves as a member of the Audit & Risk
                                            Management Committee.
                                            Mr Levin has over 40 years’ management, executive and non-executive experience in
                                            public and private companies including in the retail, investment and online industries.
                                            As a founder, Gary has built and grown many successful retail businesses, and as a
                                            Non-Executive Director has been closely involved in the transformation and growth of
                                            retail and digital businesses. These businesses include Rabbit Photo (former joint
                                            Managing Director), JB Hi-Fi (former Non-Executive Director), Catch Group (former
                                            Chair), as well as Non-Executive Director at Baby Bunting.
                                            Mr Levin holds a Bachelor of Commerce and Bachelor of Laws from the University of New
                                            South Wales. Mr Levin is also a Member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.
                                            Directorship of listed entities within the past three years
                                            ●​ Non-Executive Director of Baby Bunting Ltd
                                            Board Committee membership
                                            ●​ Member of the Audit & Risk Management Committee




                                                                                                                                    11
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | DIRECTORS’ REPORT




                                            Harry Debney​
                                            (BAppSc (Hons))​
                                            Independent Non-Executive Director
                                            Mr Debney was appointed to the Board of Kogan.com in May 2016, as an Independent,
                                            Non-Executive Director and also serves as Chair of the Audit & Risk Management
                                            Committee.
                                            Mr Debney previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Costa Group over two periods,
                                            from September 2010 to March 2021 and from September 2022 to February 2024. During
                                            his time at Costa Group he oversaw the business' transition from a privately-owned
                                            Company to a member of the S&P/ASX 200 Index.
                                            Prior to joining the Costa Group, Mr Debney spent 24 years at Visy Industries, including
                                            eight years as Chief Executive Officer. During this time, he substantially grew the Visy
                                            business, both organically and through acquisitions and oversaw a progressive renewal of




For personal use only
                                            core manufacturing assets to ensure that Visy had the most advanced technology, and
                                            lowest cost manufacturing base in the industry.
                                            Mr Debney holds a Bachelor of Applied Science (Honours) from the University of
                                            Queensland.
                                            Directorship of listed entities within the past three years
                                            ●​ Non-Executive Director of Costa Group Holdings Ltd (ceased February 2024)
                                            Board Committee membership
                                            ●​ Member of the Audit & Risk Management Committee


                                            Janine Allis​
                                            Independent Non-Executive Director
                                            Ms Allis was appointed to the Board of Kogan.com in April 2021, as an Independent,
                                            Non-Executive Director and also serves as a member of the Remuneration & Nomination
                                            Committee.
                                            Ms Allis is the Founder of Boost Juice and Founder and Non-Executive Chair of Retail Zoo
                                            group of food retail brands. Ms Allis has been Telstra Businesswoman of the Year,
                                            Excellence in Women’s Leadership, Amex Franchisor of the Year, ARA Retailer of the Year
                                            and was inducted into the Australian Franchise Hall of Fame.
                                            Ms Allis was listed as one of BRW's top 15 people who have changed the way we do
                                            business in the last 20 years and is an ambassador for UNHCR.
                                            Board Committee membership
                                            ●​ Member of the Remuneration & Nomination Committee (as of May 2026)




                                                                                                                                   12
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | DIRECTORS’ REPORT




                                            Ronn Bechler​
                                            (BCom, LLB, LLM, CA, F Fin)​
                                            Independent Non-Executive Director
                                            Mr Bechler was appointed to the Board of Kogan.com in August 2025 as an Independent
                                            Non-Executive Director. Mr Bechler also serves as a member of the Audit & Risk
                                            Management Committee and Remuneration & Nomination Committee.
                                            Mr Bechler founded Market Eye in 2007, prior to its successful sale to Automic Group in
                                            2022. Having been appointed an Executive Director of Automic Group, Ronn retired in
                                            2024. Prior to founding Market Eye, Mr Bechler was an investment banker with UBS, and
                                            General Manager Investor Relations at AXA Asia Pacific Holdings Limited (ASX 50
                                            company). He currently serves as Advisory Board Chair of ARGALL Design Pty Ltd.
                                            Mr Bechler holds a Bachelor of Commerce (Accounting) / Bachelor of Laws from the
                                            University of New South Wales, Master of Laws (International Business Law) from the
                                            University of Sydney, and is a Chartered Accountant and Fellow of FINSIA.




For personal use only
                                            Board Committee membership
                                            ●​ Member of the Audit & Risk Management Committee
                                            ●​ Member of the Remuneration & Nomination Committee


                                            James Spenceley​
                                            Independent Non-Executive Director (resigned 10 September 2025)
                                            Mr Spenceley was appointed to the Board of Kogan.com in March 2021, as an
                                            Independent, Non-Executive Director and also served as Chair of the Remuneration &
                                            Nomination Committee and as a member of the Audit & Risk Management Committee,
                                            prior to his resignation on 10 September 2025.
                                            Mr Spenceley founded Vocus Communications (now Vocus Group, formerly ASX: VOC) in
                                            2007 and built it into an ASX 100 company through organic growth and acquisitions. Mr
                                            Spenceley is Chair at Swoop Telecom and up until May 2023, was Chair of Airtasker.
                                            Mr Spenceley was the former owner of Illawarra Hawks NBL team and has twice won
                                            Ernst & Young Australian Entrepreneur of the Year recognition. In 2018, he was inducted
                                            into the Telecommunications Hall of Fame.
                                            Directorship of listed entities within the past three years
                                            ●​ Chair of Swoop Telecom (appointed in February 2019)
                                            Board Committee membership
                                            ●​ Member of the Audit & Risk Management Committee
                                            ●​ Chair of the Remuneration & Nomination Committee




                                                                                                                                  13
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | DIRECTORS’ REPORT




                                            Ruslan Kogan​
                                            (BBS)​
                                            Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
                                            Mr Kogan founded Kogan.com in 2006, and has been its CEO since its inception, growing
                                            the Business into Australia’s leading Pure Play Online Retailer in under a decade.
                                            Prior to founding Kogan.com, Mr Kogan held roles in the IT departments of Bosch and GE,
                                            and as a consultant at Accenture.
                                            Mr Kogan holds a Bachelor of Business Systems from Monash University.


                                            David Shafer​
                                            (LLB (Hons), BCom, CFA)​
                                            Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Executive Director




For personal use only
                                            Mr Shafer has worked with Kogan.com since 2006, moving to a full-time role as Chief
                                            Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Executive Director in November 2010.
                                            Prior to joining Kogan.com, Mr Shafer was Senior Associate at Arnold Bloch Leibler.
                                            Mr Shafer holds a Bachelor of Laws (Honours) and Bachelor of Commerce from The
                                            University of Melbourne and is a Chartered Financial Analyst.


                                            Belinda Cleminson (Confidant Partners Pty Ltd)​
                                            Company Secretary
                                            Ms Cleminson has more than two decades of experience as a Company Secretary of
                                            Australian listed and unlisted companies, including ASX 200 clients.
                                            Ms Cleminson is the company secretary of various public and private companies,
                                            including ASX, NZX and OTC listed companies across a range of industries.
                                            Ms Cleminson is a member of the Governance Institute of Australia, and a Member of the
                                            Australian Institute of Company Directors.




                                                                                                                                  14
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | DIRECTORS’ REPORT




                        MEETINGS OF DIRECTORS

                        Directors’ meetings held between 1 July 2025 and 30 June 2026:

                                                                     Board                          Audit & Risk Management     Remuneration & Nomination
                                                             A                     B                     A                 B        A              B
                        Greg Ridder                          12                    12                    2                 2¹       3              3
                        Francine Ereira                      10                   10²                     1                1²       2             2²
                        Gary Levin                           10                   10²                     1                1²       1             2¹ ²
                        Harry Debney                         12                    12                    2                 2        3              3¹
                        Janine Allis                         10                    12                    2                 2¹       2              3
                        Ronn Bechler                         10                   10²                     1                1²       2             2²
                        James Spenceley                      2                     2³                     1                1³       1              1³
                        Ruslan Kogan                         12                    12                    2                 2¹       2              3¹




For personal use only
                        David Shafer                         12                    12                    2                 2¹       2              3¹

                        A. Number of meetings attended.

                        B. Number of meetings held during the time the Director held office or was a member of the committee during
                        the year.

                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

                        The Board is committed to achieving and demonstrating the highest standards of Corporate Governance. The
                        Board continues to refine and improve the governance framework and practices in place to ensure they meet
                        the interest of Shareholders.

                        The Company complies with the Australian Securities Exchange Corporate Governance Council’s Corporate
                        Governance Principles and Recommendations 4th Edition (‘the ASX Principles’). Kogan.com’s Corporate
                        Governance Statement, which summarises the Company’s Corporate Governance practices and incorporates
                        the disclosures required by the ASX Principles, can be viewed at www.kogancorporate.com.

                        ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS

                        The Group is not subject to any significant environmental regulations under Commonwealth or State legislation.




                        1. Indicates that a Director is not a member of a specific committee and attended by invitation.
                        2. Indicates that a Director was appointed part-way through the year.
                        3. Indicates that a Director resigned part-way through the year.




                                                                                                                                                            15
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | DIRECTORS’ REPORT




                        DIRECTORS INTERESTS

                        The following table sets out each Director’s relevant interest in shares of the Company at the date of this report.

                                                                                                                           Ordinary Shares
                        Ruslan Kogan                                                                                             16,853,321
                        David Shafer                                                                                              3,375,642
                        Greg Ridder                                                                                                163,000
                        Harry Debney                                                                                                98,099
                        Ronn Bechler                                                                                                 52,150
                        Gary Levin                                                                                                  30,000
                        Janine Allis                                                                                                 14,761
                        Francine Ereira                                                                                              11,388
                        James Spenceley                                                                                                   -




For personal use only
                        SHARE RIGHTS

                        Unissued Shares under Rights

                        At 30 June 2026 the Group had 3,090,395 unissued shares under Rights which are available to vest up until 31
                        December 2029, all unissued shares under Rights are Ordinary Shares of the Company.

                        Shares Issued on Exercise of Rights

                        During the financial year, the Group issued 391,103 Ordinary Shares as a result of the Rights vesting.

                        RETENTION OPTIONS

                        Unissued Shares under Options

                        At 30 June 2026 the Group had 314,000 unissued shares under Options which are available to exercise up until
                        28 February 2029. All unissued shares under Options are Ordinary Shares of the Company.




                                                                                                                                         16
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | REMUNERATION REPORT




                        Audited Remuneration Report
                        INTRODUCTION

                        The Directors are pleased to present Kogan.com’s audited Remuneration Report for the year ended 30 June
                        2026 (FY26). This report covers Kogan.com’s approach to remuneration for its Key Management Personnel
                        (KMP), the link between performance and reward and the remuneration outcomes for KMP for FY26.

                        The audited Remuneration Report covers the following matters:

                           1.​ FY26 remuneration framework;
                           2.​ FY26 outcomes at a glance;
                           3.​ Details of Key Management Personnel;
                           4.​ Remuneration governance;




For personal use only
                           5.​ Remuneration policy;
                           6.​ Company’s performance;
                           7.​ Details of remuneration;
                           8.​ Equity instruments;
                           9.​ Executive Directors and Other KMP Service Agreements; and
                           10.​ Key Management Personnel transactions.




                                                                                                                             17
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | REMUNERATION REPORT




                        FY26 REMUNERATION FRAMEWORK

                        The Remuneration & Nomination Committee acknowledges that the Group’s success relies on the quality and
                        motivation of its team members. Consequently, the Group’s remuneration strategy aims to effectively attract,
                        reward, and retain employees at all levels, with a particular focus on management and key executives. To
                        accomplish this, the Remuneration & Nomination Committee has designed executive remuneration packages
                        that combine fixed compensation, short-term incentives, and long-term incentives.

                        The FY26 remuneration framework was developed in FY24 in consultation with Godfrey Remuneration Group
                        (GRG), specialist advisors in KMP remuneration.

                        The Board is satisfied that the remuneration framework recommended by GRG was made free from undue
                        influence by members of the KMP about whom the recommendations related.

                        Key features of the executive remuneration framework are detailed below.




For personal use only
                             1.​ Fixed remuneration was reviewed to align with market peers as at the end of FY23, as indicated by
                                 independent benchmarking. Each year thereon, fixed remuneration is increased in line with CPI.

                             2.​ The Remuneration & Nomination Committee has adopted a policy to limit the opportunity for major
                                 discrepancies between intended equity remuneration value, and the remuneration value shareholders
                                 will be asked to approve. The policy is based on a 20-day trading volume weighted average price
                                 (VWAP) commencing the day after release of the full-year financial results. The intended grant value is
                                 divided by the VWAP to determine the grant number.

                             3.​ A Short-term Incentive (STI) plan was introduced to ensure that there are separate components of
                                 remuneration, creating links between reward and performance over both the short and long term. The
                                 STI is an ‘at risk’ component of remuneration payable where Adjusted EBITDA1 of the Group exceeds at
                                 least 95% of the Board established budget for the full financial year, after calculation of the STI. The
                                 amount of STI payable to Executive Directors may range between 37.5% of base remuneration (if the
                                 Company achieved at least 95% of budget) and up to a maximum of 112.5% of base remuneration (if the
                                 Company achieved at least 110% of budget). Adjusted EBITDA1 was selected as the basis for
                                 measurement, as this non-IFRS metric represents the underlying performance of the business, free from
                                 one-off and/or non-cash transactions.

                             4.​ The Long-term Incentive (LTI) program will continue and will be a significant and appropriate weighting
                                 in the remuneration mix. LTIs also represent an ‘at risk’ component of remuneration whereby Executive
                                 Directors will be awarded Performance Rights which are subject to vesting conditions determined by
                                 the Board and approved by Shareholders, in order to support the long-term growth of the Group. See
                                 item 6 below for further details.

                             5.​ The Remuneration & Nomination Committee determined that grants of equity will be made annually,
                                 which is consistent with typical ASX market practices.​
                                 ​
                                 ​
                                 ​
                                 ​
                                 ​
                                 ​


                        1. Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation, equity-based compensation & associated expenses, non-recurring items and non-cash items.



                                                                                                                                                                                 18
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | REMUNERATION REPORT



                           6.​ Equity-based LTIs granted to Executive Directors in FY26 included the following features:

                                   a.​ Performance Rights will be used;

                                   b.​ The measurement period over which performance will be tested will be 3 years;

                                   c.​ The Performance Rights will be awarded based on achieving relative Total Shareholder Return
                                       (TSR) and and will vest if Kogan.com’s TSR outperforms the 50th percentile and 75th percentile
                                       as compared to the Peer Group TSR. The LTI is prorated between the two hurdles and is paid as
                                       2% additional of the maximum LTI per 1% of percentile achieved against the Peer Group. There is
                                       no LTI payment if the Kogan.com TSR is below the 50th percentile of the Peer Group TSR, and
                                       the maximum LTI is paid if Kogan.com’s TSR reaches the 75th percentile or above.

                                       Measurement of the TSR is the comparison of the Peer Group’s total return against the
                                       Company’s total return for the period.




For personal use only
                                       The Remuneration & Nomination Committee determined a fixed group of 113 ASX consumer
                                       discretionary companies listed on 1 July 2025 to constitute the Peer Group, and this will remain
                                       static for the measurement period.

                                       The LTI awards of the Executive Directors are valued at a minimum threshold of 100% of fixed
                                       remuneration and a maximum of 200% of fixed remuneration. The conversion of LTI dollar value
                                       into the number of Performance Rights was performed using the 20-day VWAP of trading in
                                       Kogan.com Shares for the period starting the day after the FY25 financial results were released
                                       to the market, being 25 August 2025.

                                       The measurement period is from 1 July 2025 to 30 June 2028 (being 3 years) with vesting (if
                                       appropriate) to be confirmed at the appropriate next Board Meeting after presentation of the
                                       audited results of the performance test. Vesting is also subject to continuous employment at
                                       the time of vesting and not being in their notice period.

                                   d.​ The Remuneration & Nomination Committee may consider additional tranches and performance
                                       metrics in future years as the Group’s circumstances change.

                           7.​ The total remuneration packages of the Executive Directors in FY26 consisted of fixed remuneration,
                               Short-term Incentives, and Long-term Incentives (the latter having been approved by Shareholders at
                               the 2025 AGM), and were set relative to market benchmarks and Remuneration & Nomination
                               Committee assessments. Fixed remuneration was positioned around the median (P50), with potential
                               for up to +20% to reflect the exceptional talent and performance of the incumbents, consistent with the
                               common ASX practice of allowing a ±20% range to recognise role and individual differences. The total
                               packages, including incentive components, were intended to fall at the high end of relevant market
                               ranges, in recognition of the high calibre of the executives and the breadth of their responsibilities. The
                               Remuneration & Nomination Committee considered this appropriate given that the incumbent
                               executives have been instrumental to the Company’s strong and consistent track record of success. The
                               Executive Director roles, including CEO and CFO/COO, are broader in scope and impact than typical
                               ASX equivalents, particularly in the context of Kogan.com’s lean structure, where responsibilities
                               typically spread across a larger executive team are consolidated within a smaller group. In particular, the
                               CFO/COO role spans operational and strategic domains, and is not directly comparable to standard ASX
                               CFO or COO roles. Accordingly, the Remuneration & Nomination Committee believes it was appropriate
                               to position executive remuneration at the higher end of market comparables, while ensuring that the
                               majority of the package remains subject to the achievement of demanding performance hurdles.



                                                                                                                                       19
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | REMUNERATION REPORT



                        Executive Directors are remunerated under a total reward structure which currently consists of three elements:

                            1.​ Fixed remuneration, comprising base salary package (inclusive of superannuation contributions);
                            2.​ Short-term Incentives (STI); and
                            3.​ Long-term Incentives (LTI).

                        The mix of fixed remuneration, STI and LTI elements as a percentage of total target remuneration for FY26 was
                        as follows:

                                                                                                   % of total remuneration for FY26
                                                                                             At risk remuneration STI      At risk remuneration LTI -
                        Executive Directors                  Fixed remuneration               maximum opportunity                      FY24 tranche
                        Ruslan Kogan                                         32%                                  37%                              31%
                        David Shafer                                         32%                                  37%                              31%




For personal use only
                        2026 OUTCOMES AT A GLANCE

                        Chief Executive Officer (CEO) remuneration                     Chief Financial Officer (CFO/COO) remuneration
                        In FY26, our CEO:                                              In FY26, our CFO/COO:
                        Received total cash salary inclusive of superannuation of      Received total cash salary inclusive of superannuation of
                        $847,838;                                                      $610,444;
                        Earned unrealised remuneration from unvested Performance Earned unrealised remuneration from unvested Performance
                        Rights of $706,366;                                      Rights of $508,584;
                        Earned a short-term incentive of $836,499 based on         Earned a short-term incentive of $602,279 based on
                        achievement of over 106% of the Board established Adjusted achievement of over 106% of the Board established Adjusted
                        EBITDA budget for FY26, not yet paid;                      EBITDA budget for FY26, not yet paid;

                        Received total statutory remuneration of $2,470,731;           Received total statutory remuneration of $1,778,141;
                        Received total realised remuneration of $847,838.              Received total realised remuneration of $610,444.
                        Non-Executive Directors (NEDs) fees

                        Non-Executive Director fees were adjusted effective 1 July 2025, with the base Director fee increasing in line with CPI. In
                        addition, Committee member fees were introduced to reflect the expanded Board and revised Committee structure, with
                        Committee Chair fees maintained at $16,500 per annum and a new Committee member fee of $8,250 per annum
                        introduced.


                        LTI vesting during FY26


                        LTI tranche         Performance/service                                       Proportion of     % of LTI Performance Rights
                                                                                Condition met
                        (grant year)        conditions                                                   target LTI                     that vested


                                            TSR performance condition
                        FY23                                                               Yes                 50%                                 60%
                                            Service condition


                        DETAIL OF KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL

                        Key Management Personnel (KMP) are individuals who have authority and responsibility for planning, directing
                        and controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, and comprise the Directors and the Senior
                        Executives of the Group, as listed below.



                                                                                                                                                      20
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | REMUNERATION REPORT




                        KMP                                                       POSITION HELD                               TERM AS KMP
                        Independent Non-Executive Directors
                        Greg Ridder                                               Chair, Independent Non-Executive Director   Full year

                        Francine Ereira²                                          Independent, Non-Executive Director         Part year
                        Gary Levin²                                               Independent, Non-Executive Director         Part year
                        Harry Debney                                              Independent, Non-Executive Director         Full year
                        Janine Allis                                              Independent, Non-Executive Director         Full year
                        Ronn Bechler²                                             Independent, Non-Executive Director         Part year
                        James Spenceley³                                          Independent, Non-Executive Director         Part year
                        Executive Directors
                        Ruslan Kogan                                              CEO & Executive Director                    Full year
                        David Shafer                                              CFO, COO & Executive Director               Full year




For personal use only
                        REMUNERATION GOVERNANCE

                        The Board appointed the Remuneration & Nomination Committee (“the Committee”) whose objective is to
                        assist the Board in relation to the Group remuneration strategy, policies and actions. In performing this
                        responsibility, the Committee must give appropriate consideration to the Company’s performance and
                        objectives, employment conditions and external remuneration relativities.

                        Remuneration & Nomination Committee

                        Kogan.com’s Remuneration & Nomination Committee is composed of Independent Non-Executive Directors.
                        The responsibilities of the Committee include to:

                             ●​ Develop criteria for Board membership and identify specific individuals for nomination;
                             ●​ Establish processes for the review of the performance of individual Directors, Board Committees and
                                the Board as a whole and implementation of such processes;
                             ●​ Review and make recommendations to the Board on board succession planning generally;
                             ●​ Review and make recommendations to the Board on the process for recruiting a new Director, including
                                evaluating the balance of skills, knowledge, experience, independence and diversity on the Board;
                             ●​ Review and make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s remuneration framework,
                                remuneration packages and policies applicable to the Executive Directors of the Company (“Senior
                                Management”) and Directors;
                             ●​ Review and make recommendations to the Board on equity-based remuneration plans for senior
                                executives and other employees;
                             ●​ Define levels at which the Chief Executive Officer must make recommendations to the Committee on
                                proposed changes to remuneration and employee benefit policies;
                             ●​ Ensure that remuneration packages and policies attract, retain and motivate high calibre executives; and
                             ●​ Ensure that remuneration policies demonstrate a clear relationship between key executive performance
                                and remuneration.

                        All Directors who are not members of the Committee are entitled to attend any meeting of the Committee. The
                        Committee may invite any Director or member of Senior Management to attend.

                        A full Charter outlining the Committee’s responsibilities and the Process for Evaluation of Performance is
                        available at www.kogancorporate.com.

                        2. Became KMPs following their appointment to the Board of Kogan.com on 26 August 2025.
                        3. Ceased being a KMP following his resignation on 10 September 2025.



                                                                                                                                            21
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | REMUNERATION REPORT




                        REMUNERATION POLICY

                        The Group has established incentive arrangements intended to assist in the attraction, motivation and retention
                        of the executive team and other selected members. To align the interests of its team members and goals of the
                        Group, the Directors (excluding the Executive Directors) have decided the remuneration packages of the
                        executive team and other selected team members will consist of the following components:

                             ●​ Fixed remuneration (inclusive of superannuation);
                             ●​ Short-term cash-based incentives; and
                             ●​ Long-term equity-based incentives.

                        The payment of any cash and award of equity under the incentive arrangement will be subject to the
                        achievement of performance criteria or hurdles set by the Remuneration & Nomination Committee. The
                        remuneration packages of the senior management team are determined by the Committee and reported to the
                        Board. The remuneration of senior management is reviewed annually by the Committee. At the absolute
                        discretion of the Committee, Kogan.com may seek external advice on the appropriate level and structure of the




For personal use only
                        remuneration packages of the senior management team from time to time.

                        Fixed remuneration

                        Fixed remuneration consists of the base salary and team member benefits which include superannuation, leave
                        entitlements and other benefits.

                                                                                     Cash Salary          Superannuation                       AL & LSL        Total
                        Executive KMPs                               Year                    ($)                     ($)                             ($)         ($)
                        R. Kogan                                    2026                  817,838                    30,000                      76,531     924,369
                        D. Shafer                                   2026                 580,444                     30,000                      54,316     664,760
                        Total                                                           1,398,282                   60,000                     130,847     1,589,129
                        Executive KMPs
                        R. Kogan                                    2025                 800,468                     29,932                     74,905      905,305
                        D. Shafer                                   2025                  567,956                    29,932                      53,148     651,036
                        Other KMPs
                        D. Balasoglou⁴                              2025                  205,564                     12,695                     27,665     245,924
                        Total                                                           1,573,988                    72,559                     155,718    1,802,265

                        Any discrepancies between totals and sums of components in this table are due to rounding.​
                        ​
                        ​
                        ​




                        4. Remuneration relates to the period 1 July 2024 to 24 February 2025, being the date he resigned as Mighty Ape CEO.




                                                                                                                                                                  22
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | REMUNERATION REPORT



                        Performance Rights awarded to KMPs

                        The statutory values below represent the expenses incurred through the Consolidated Income Statement and
                        Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income in accordance with AASB 2 Share-based Payment.


                                                                                                                                                            STATUTORY VALUE
                                                                                                                      Year                  Value              Year           Value
                        Executive KMPs
                        R. Kogan                                                                                     2026                706,366              2025          536,825
                        D. Shafer                                                                                    2026               508,584               2025          386,514
                        Other KMPs
                        D. Balasoglou⁵                                                                               2026                      n/a            2025          (74,273)
                        Total                                                                                                         1,214,950                            849,066

                        Any discrepancies between totals and sums of components in this table are due to rounding.




For personal use only
                        The movement during the reporting period, by number of Performance Rights over Ordinary Shares in
                        Kogan.com Ltd held, indirectly or beneficially, by each key management person including their related parties, is
                        as follows:

                                                           Held at 1 July                                                                  Held at 30 June             Subsequently
                                                                    2025               Granted         Vested          Cancelled                     2026                 Cancelled
                        Executive KMPs
                        R. Kogan                                  651,699               445,135                -        (151,752)                     945,082                     -
                        D. Shafer                                 469,224               320,497                -        (109,261)                     680,460                     -
                        Total                                   1,120,923               765,632                -        (261,013)                    1,625,542                    -

                        Performance Rights awarded to R. Kogan and D. Shafer were granted on 24 November 2025, following approval
                        at the 2025 AGM. Details of the grant, including vesting conditions, have been outlined earlier in this report
                        within the section FY26 Remuneration Framework.

                        Performance Rights cancelled during the year were due to vest on 30 June 2025. However as the attached
                        vesting conditions were not met, these were subsequently cancelled in FY26.




                        5. Cancelled Performance Rights for D. Balasoglou in FY25 were a result of his resignation on 24 February 2025, prior to their vesting date.




                                                                                                                                                                                 23
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | REMUNERATION REPORT



                        The below table discloses the details of unvested performance rights awarded to KMP in FY26 and prior
                        reporting periods.

                        No. of      Type             Grant date Quantity Average Number Vested       No. of      No. of Outstand         Vesting    Expiry date Subsequently
                        Performance                              granted       fair vested in the     rights     rights ing as at          date                    Cancelled
                        Rights                                              value during year %     lapsed,    exercise 30 June
                                                                         per right     the        cancelled    d during    2026
                                                                         on grant     year                or   the year
                                                                          date ($)                  expired
                                                                                                     during
                                                                                                   the year
                        Executive Directors

                        Ruslan Kogan   Performance    21/12/2023   151,752    3.21       -       -         -          -    151,752   30 June 2026   30 June 2026           -
                                       Rights

                                       Performance    19/12/2024   348,195   3.44        -       -         -          -   348,195    30 June 2027   30 June 2027           -
                                       Rights

                                       Performance    24/11/2025   445,135    1.64       -       -         -          -   445,135    30 June 2028   30 June 2028           -
                                       Rights

                        David Shafer   Performance    21/12/2023   109,262    3.21       -       -         -          -   109,262    30 June 2026   30 June 2026           -
                                       Rights




For personal use only
                                       Performance    19/12/2024   250,701   3.44        -       -         -          -   250,701    30 June 2027   30 June 2027           -
                                       Rights

                                       Performance    24/11/2025   320,497    1.64       -       -         -          -   320,497    30 June 2028   30 June 2028           -
                                       Rights



                        * Other KMPs, being the Independent Non-Executive Directors, are not included in the above table as they are not eligible to participate in
                        Kogan.com's Short-Term Incentive or Long-Term Incentive programs.


                        Independent Non-Executive Directors remuneration

                        Kogan.com’s Independent Non-Executive Director remuneration policy is designed to attract and retain
                        Directors with the experience, knowledge, expertise and acumen to provide effective oversight and counsel to
                        the Company.

                        Each of the Independent Non-Executive Directors has entered into appointment letters with Kogan.com,
                        confirming the terms of their appointment, their roles and responsibilities and Kogan.com’s expectations of
                        them as Directors. Under the Constitution, the Board may decide the remuneration from Kogan.com to which
                        each Director is entitled for their services as a Director. However, under the ASX Listing Rules, the total amount
                        paid to all Non-Executive Directors for their services must not exceed an aggregate in any financial year, the
                        amount fixed at Kogan.com’s AGM.

                        This amount has been fixed by Kogan.com at $1,000,000 per annum, following Shareholder approval at the
                        2024 AGM (FY25: $1,000,000 per annum). Any changes to the aggregate annual sum need to be approved by
                        Shareholders.

                        The fee structure for Non-Executive Directors during FY26 comprised an annual Board fee and, where
                        applicable, additional annual fees for membership of the Audit & Risk Management Committee or the
                        Remuneration & Nomination Committee. Directors serving as Chair of either committee received the applicable
                        committee Chair fee in lieu of the committee member fee. Each Non-Executive Director’s total remuneration
                        therefore reflected the combination of Board and committee responsibilities held during the financial year.

                        Independent Non-Executive Directors are not eligible to participate in Kogan.com’s Short-term Incentive or
                        Long-term Incentive programs.

                        All Directors’ fees include superannuation payments, to the extent applicable.




                                                                                                                                                                         24
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | REMUNERATION REPORT




                        COMPANY PERFORMANCE

                        Relationship to remuneration policy

                        In considering the Company’s performance and the benefits of Shareholder wealth, the Committee considered a
                        range of indicators in respect of senior executive remuneration and linked these to the previously described
                        short and long term incentives.

                        The Remuneration & Nomination Committee believes that Kogan remunerates our KMP in a way which:

                             ●​ Aims to align executive interests with Shareholders;
                             ●​ Is sufficiently competitive in the marketplace to enable us to attract, retain, and motivate exceptional
                                talent; and
                             ●​ Encourages and rewards the behaviours and outcomes that will deliver business success and a good
                                return for our Shareholders.




For personal use only
                        To achieve this, we set challenging targets and monitor performance against them closely.

                        The Committee believes we have strengthened the connection between our key reward metrics and our
                        business strategy by adopting the performance conditions used for our STI and LTI.

                        The Committee expresses its commitment to the use of stretch performance metrics, and recognises the
                        importance of having performance conditions for Executive Directors.

                        Shareholder wealth

                        The following table presents these indicators showing the impact of the Company’s performance on
                        Shareholder wealth, during the financial years:

                                                                                                            FY22            FY23           FY24           FY25        FY26
                        Revenue ($m)                                                                        718.5           489.5          459.7          488.1       510.7
                        Net Profit/(Loss) after income tax (NPAT) ($m)                                      (35.5)         (25.9)             0.1         (39.5)          11.2
                        Adjusted NPAT⁶ ($m)                                                                    0.5           (6.4)           21.0           14.9          19.4
                        Earnings per Share (EPS) ($)                                                        (0.33)         (0.24)           0.00         (0.39)           0.11
                        Adjusted EPS ($)                                                                     0.00          (0.04)           0.20            0.15          0.20
                        EBITDA⁷ ($m)                                                                        (21.8)         (20.8)           36.0          (15.9)          35.7
                        Adjusted EBITDA⁶ ($m)                                                                 18.9             6.8          40.0           36.8           41.8
                        Dividends paid (cps)                                                                      -              -            7.5           14.5          15.0
                        Share price at 30 Jun ($)                                                             2.78           4.85            4.17           3.76          4.43

                        Any discrepancies in calculations in the above table are due to rounding.


                        Profit amounts have been calculated in accordance with the Australian Accounting Standards (AASB). EBITDA is
                        calculated based on the operating profit before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation.




                        6. Non-IFRS measure. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted NPAT exclude non-cash items such as unrealised gains/(losses), equity-based compensation, and
                        one-off non-recurring items.
                        7. Non-IFRS measure. Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation.



                                                                                                                                                                            25
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | REMUNERATION REPORT



                        The Committee notes that, during the testing period relating to Tranche 2 of the Performance Rights granted to
                        R. Kogan and D. Shafer on 21 December 2023, the Group Adjusted EBITDA increased from $6.8 million (FY23) to
                        $41.8 million (FY26). The Company's Total Shareholder Return (TSR) performance was assessed relative to a
                        pre-determined peer group in accordance with the vesting conditions. Based on the Company's relative TSR
                        performance, 60% of the Performance Rights subject to the TSR hurdle vested, with the remaining 40% lapsing.
                        The Remuneration & Nomination Committee resolved that the eligible Performance Rights would vest on 24
                        August 2026 in accordance with the terms of the grant.

                        DETAILS OF REMUNERATION

                        KMP realised remuneration

                        The table below is a voluntary non-statutory disclosure that displays actual cash remuneration (“realised
                        remuneration”) that the KMPs received in FY26 and FY25. It includes cash salary, amounts paid out upon
                        resignation, superannuation contributions, STI received and LTI that vested during the period.




For personal use only
                        This information differs from the statutory remuneration table found on the following page, which includes the
                        expense from vested & unvested awards, along with long-term benefits, in accordance with Australian
                        Accounting Standards.

                                                                                       Fixed            Payment upon         Payment of prior                 Total realised
                                                                    Year        Remuneration⁸              resignation             year STI⁹                  remuneration
                        Executive KMPs
                        R. Kogan                                   2026                 847,838                          -                       -                  847,838
                        D. Shafer                                  2026                 610,444                          -                       -                   610,444
                        Total                                                         1,458,282                          -                       -                1,458,282
                        Executive KMPs
                        R. Kogan                                   2025                 830,400                          -             900,000                     1,730,400
                        D. Shafer                                  2025                 597,888                          -             648,000                     1,245,888
                        Other KMPs
                        D. Balasoglou¹⁰                            2025                  218,259                         -                       -                   218,259
                        Total                                                         1,646,547                          -           1,548,000                     3,194,547

                        Any discrepancies between totals or sums of components in this table are due to rounding.




                        8. Includes cash salary and superannuation consistent with statutory remuneration table in the next section, excluding accrued annual leave elements.
                        9. The payments in FY25 relate to the FY24 earned STI. No STI was earned in FY25. A total STI of $1,438,778 was earned in FY26 and not yet paid.
                        10. Remuneration has been disclosed for the period during which D. Balasoglou was considered a KMP of the Company, this concluded on 24 February 2025
                        upon his resignation as Mighty Ape CEO.




                                                                                                                                                                            26
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | REMUNERATION REPORT



                        KMP statutory remuneration

                        Details of the statutory remuneration to the executive Key Management Personnel are set out below:

                                                                                                         LONG-TERM EQUITY-BASED
                                                               SHORT-TERM         POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS            COMPENSATION
                                                                                 Superan                    Annual &
                                                       Cash Salary Short-Term nuation Payment upon Long Service           Share-based
                                                  Year         ($) Incentive ($)     ($) resignation ($)    Leave ($)    Payments ($)                                  Total ($)
                        Executive KMPs
                        R. Kogan                 2026          817,838          836,499 30,000                          -          76,531               706,366 2,467,234
                        D. Shafer                2026         580,444           602,279 30,000                          -          54,316               508,584       1,775,623
                        Total                               1,398,282        1,438,778 60,000                           -        130,847              1,214,950 4,242,857
                        Executive KMPs
                        R. Kogan                 2025         800,468                   -    29,932                     -         74,905                536,825      1,442,130
                        D. Shafer                2025          567,956                  -    29,932                     -          53,148                386,514 1,037,550




For personal use only
                        Other KMPs
                        D. Balasoglou¹⁰          2025         205,564                   -    12,695                     -          27,665               (74,273)        171,651
                        Total                                1,573,988                  -   72,559                      -        155,718                849,066       2,651,331

                        Any discrepancies between total or sums of components in this table are due to rounding.


                        Non-Executive Directors’ remuneration

                        The table below sets out the remuneration paid to Non-Executive Directors:

                                                                                  SHORT-TERM BENEFITS                 POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS
                                                                                                     Total fees                           Superannuation                  Total
                                                                         Year                               ($)                                      ($)                    ($)
                        Greg Ridder                                     2026                            213,961                                              -         213,961
                        Francine Ereira¹¹                               2026                           107,475                                               -        107,475
                        Gary Levin¹¹                                    2026                             93,795                                              -          93,795
                        Harry Debney                                    2026                            123,196                                              -         123,196
                        Janine Allis                                    2026                           107,383                                               -         107,383
                        Ronn Bechler¹¹                                  2026                           101,288                                               -         101,288
                        James Spenceley                                 2026                            23,494                                               -          23,494
                        Total                                                                          770,591                                               -        770,591
                        Greg Ridder                                     2025                           203,500                                               -        203,500
                        Harry Debney                                    2025                           121,000                                               -         121,000
                        Janine Allis                                    2025                           104,500                                               -        104,500
                        James Spenceley¹¹                               2025                           121,000                                               -         121,000
                        Total                                                                         550,000                                                -       550,000

                        Any discrepancies between total or sums of components in this table are due to rounding.




                        10. Remuneration has been disclosed for the period during which D. Balasoglou was considered a KMP of the Company, this concluded on 24 February 2025
                        upon his resignation as Mighty Ape CEO.
                        11. Remuneration has been disclosed for the period during which each individual served as a Non-Executive Director of the Company. For Mr Spenceley, this
                        concluded on 10 September 2025 upon his resignation from the Board of Kogan.com Ltd. For Ms. Ereira, Mr Levin, and Mr Bechler, this started on 26 August
                        2025 upon their appointment to the Board of Kogan.com Ltd.




                                                                                                                                                                             27
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | REMUNERATION REPORT




                        EQUITY INSTRUMENTS

                        Kogan.com listed on the ASX on 7 July 2016. The following table details the ordinary shareholdings and the
                        movements in the shareholding of KMP (including their related entities) for FY26.

                                                                                                         Received on
                                                              Held at 30            Granted as           the exercise            Other net Ceasing to be                Held at 30
                        No. of Shares                         June 2025           Remuneration             of options             change¹²        a KMP                 June 2026
                        Non-executive Directors
                        Greg Ridder                              158,000                            -                   -             5,000                     -            163,000
                        Francine Ereira¹³                                 -                         -                   -            11,388                     -              11,388
                        Gary Levin¹³                                      -                         -                   -           30,000                      -             30,000
                        Harry Debney                               98,099                           -                   -                   -                   -             98,099
                        Janine Allis                                14,761                          -                   -                   -                   -              14,761
                        Ronn Bechler¹³                                    -                         -                   -            52,150                     -             52,150




For personal use only
                        James Spenceley¹⁴                          10,000                           -                   -                   -          (10,000)                     -
                        Executive Directors
                        Ruslan Kogan                          16,853,321                            -                   -                   -                   -        16,853,321
                        David Shafer                           3,225,642                            -                   -          150,000                      -        3,375,642



                        EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS AND OTHER KMP SERVICE AGREEMENTS

                        Notice and termination payments

                        Executives are on contracts with no fixed end date.

                        The following table captures the notice periods applicable to the termination of the Executive KMP and Other
                        KMP employment:

                                                                                                    Termination notice by               Termination payments provided for
                                                                                                              Kogan.com                                   under contract
                        Executive KMPs
                        CEO                                                                                         12 months                                            12 months
                        CFO & COO                                                                                    6 months                                                6 months


                        Executive and Other KMP Service Agreements

                        Prior to the Company’s ASX Listing on 7 July 2016, Ruslan Kogan and David Shafer were not subject to
                        employment arrangements and instead received profit distributions proportional to their shareholding in the
                        Group.

                        Subsequent to Listing, Ruslan Kogan and David Shafer entered into employment contracts.​
                        ​
                        ​
                        ​


                        12. Other net change reflects net off-market ordinary share trades and/or participation in the dividend reinvestment plan over the course of FY26.
                        13. Ms Ereira, Mr Levin, and Mr Bechler were appointed a Non-executive Director on 26 August 2025.
                        14. Mr Spenceley resigned as a Non-Executive Director on 10 September 2025.




                                                                                                                                                                                  28
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | REMUNERATION REPORT



                        Chief Executive Officer

                        Mr Kogan is employed in the position of Chief Executive Officer of Kogan.com.

                        Kogan.com has entered into an employment contract with Mr Kogan to govern his employment with Kogan.com.

                        Mr Kogan or Kogan.com may terminate Mr Kogan’s employment by giving 12 months’ notice. Kogan.com may
                        elect to make payment in lieu of notice. Kogan.com may terminate Mr Kogan’s employment without notice in
                        circumstances warranting summary dismissal.

                        Upon termination of Mr Kogan’s employment, Mr Kogan will be subject to a restraint of trade period of 12
                        months during which time Mr Kogan cannot compete with Kogan.com or provide services in any capacity to a
                        competitor of Kogan.com or solicit suppliers, clients or employees of Kogan.com. The enforceability of this
                        restraint clause is subject to all usual legal requirements.

                        The Board may invite Mr Kogan to participate in Kogan.com’s incentive programs.




For personal use only
                        Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer

                        Mr Shafer is employed in the position of Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Kogan.com.

                        Kogan.com has entered into an employment contract with Mr Shafer to govern his employment with
                        Kogan.com.

                        Mr Shafer or Kogan.com may terminate Mr Shafer’s employment by giving 6 months’ notice. Kogan.com may
                        elect to make payment in lieu of notice. Kogan.com may terminate Mr Shafer’s employment without notice in
                        circumstances warranting summary dismissal.

                        Upon termination of Mr Shafer’s employment, Mr Shafer will be subject to a restraint of trade period of 6 months
                        during which time Mr Shafer cannot compete with Kogan.com or provide services in any capacity to a
                        competitor of Kogan.com or solicit suppliers, clients or employees of Kogan.com. The enforceability of the
                        restraint clause is subject to all usual legal requirements.

                        The Board may invite Mr Shafer to participate in Kogan.com’s incentive programs.

                        KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL TRANSACTIONS

                        Transactions between related parties are on normal commercial terms and conditions no more favourable than
                        those available to other parties unless otherwise stated.

                        The following transactions occurred with related parties:

                        Kogan Trading Pty Ltd entered into a Logistics Services Agreement with eStore Logistics Pty Ltd (“eStore”), in a
                        prior financial period, in relation to the provision of warehousing, distribution and logistics services by eStore to
                        Kogan Trading Pty Ltd. Mr Kogan is a minority shareholder and Director of eStore. The agreement was entered
                        into on arm’s length terms.

                                                                                                                    CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                 2026                  2025
                        KMP                    Transaction type                                                     $                     $
                        Ruslan Kogan           Purchases from eStore warehousing                             2,126,589             1,684,081

                        As at 30 June 2026, the total liability to eStore Logistics Pty Ltd was $240,558 (30 June 2025: $191,926).

                                                                                                                                          29
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | REMUNERATION REPORT



                        The Directors’ Report is signed on behalf of the Board in accordance with a resolution of Directors.

                        This is the end of the Remuneration Report.




For personal use only




                                                                                                                               30
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION




                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration




For personal use only




                                                                             31
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT AND CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OTHER
                        COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ​
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2026

                                                                                                  CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                      2026        2025
                                                                                          Note       $'000        $'000
                        Revenue                                                             1.1    510,732      488,107
                        Cost of sales                                                      1.2a   (299,807)    (298,195)
                        Gross profit                                                               210,925      189,912
                        Selling and distribution expenses                                         (92,808)      (79,718)
                        Warehouse expenses                                                          (9,001)      (8,587)
                        Administrative expenses                                                    (85,149)    (83,893)




For personal use only
                        Other expenses                                                              (1,888)      (2,079)
                        Goodwill impairment                                                               -     (46,311)
                        Results from operating activities                                           22,079     (30,676)
                        Finance income                                                                 804        1,055
                        Finance costs                                                     1.2b      (2,595)      (2,455)
                        Unrealised foreign exchange (loss)                                          (1,636)        (816)
                        Net finance (cost)                                                          (3,427)      (2,216)
                        Profit/(Loss) before income tax                                             18,652     (32,892)
                        Tax (expense)                                                       1.3     (7,486)      (6,573)
                        Profit/(Loss) after income tax                                               11,166    (39,465)
                        Other comprehensive income
                        Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
                        Exchange (loss)/gain on translation of foreign operations                    (2,211)        300
                        Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                              (2,211)         300
                        Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                               8,955      (39,165)


                        Basic earnings/(losses) per Ordinary Share                        3.5a         0.11       (0.39)
                        Diluted earnings/(losses) per Ordinary Share                      3.5b         0.11       (0.39)

                        The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                     32
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION​
                        AS AT 30 JUNE 2026

                                                                                                      CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                 30 June 2026    30 June 2025
                                                                                        Note           $'000           $'000
                        ASSETS
                        CURRENT ASSETS
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                      36,431          42,145
                        Trade and other receivables                                     2.1.2a          8,423           8,991
                        Inventories                                                      2.1.1         77,865          72,186
                        Other financial assets                                                            363             125
                        Prepayments and other assets                                    2.1.2b          3,856           3,684
                        Current tax assets                                                 1.3             24             712




For personal use only
                        TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS                                                          126,962         127,843
                        NON-CURRENT ASSETS
                        Property, plant and equipment                                     2.3          17,871          17,834
                        Intangible assets                                                 2.2          30,758          34,946
                        Deferred tax assets                                                1.3          7,350           7,302
                        TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS                                                       55,979         60,082
                        TOTAL ASSETS                                                                  182,941         187,925


                        LIABILITIES
                        CURRENT LIABILITIES
                        Trade and other payables                                        2.1.3a         95,096          87,976
                        Lease liabilities                                               2.1.3b          8,221            8,191
                        Other financial liabilities                                                     4,366           4,141
                        Current tax liabilities                                            1.3          4,536           1,703
                        Employee benefits                                                               2,809           2,916
                        Provisions                                                                        969             620
                        Deferred income                                                 2.1.3c        23,048           19,821
                        TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                     139,045         125,368
                        NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
                        Lease liabilities                                               2.1.3b          9,140           8,464
                        Employee benefits                                                                 327             198
                        TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                   9,467           8,662
                        TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                             148,512        134,030
                        NET ASSETS                                                                    34,429           53,895
                        EQUITY
                        Share capital                                                    3.3a         248,372        264,730
                        Merger reserve                                                   3.3c        (131,816)       (131,816)
                        Other reserves                                                                55,244           54,776
                        Accumulated losses                                                           (137,371)       (133,795)
                        TOTAL EQUITY                                                                  34,429           53,895

                        The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements.


                                                                                                                           33
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY​
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2026

                                                                                                                                                    CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                                                       Share-based
                                                                                            Share                         Merger       Translation       payments             Total
                                                                                           Capital Accumulated            reserve         reserve           reserve          Equity
                                                                                Note        $'000 losses $'000              $'000           $'000             $'000          $'000
                        Balance at 1 July 2024¹                                           270,012           (77,001) (131,816)                (558)           56,334        116,971
                        Comprehensive income
                        Net loss after tax²                                                        -        (39,465)              -                -                  -   (39,465)
                        Other³                                                                     -          (2,773)             -                -                  -     (2,773)
                        Other comprehensive income/(loss)                                          -                 -            -            300                    -         300
                        Total net profit and other comprehensive
                        income/(loss) for the year                                                 -        (42,238)               -           300                    -   (41,938)
                        Transactions with owners, in their capacity




For personal use only
                        as owners
                        Issue of Ordinary Shares under performance
                        plans                                                    3.3b        3,686                   -            -                -          (3,686)                -
                        Tax deduction for difference between
                        accounting expense and funds paid to issue
                        incentive plans                                                            -                 -            -                -               116           116
                        Equity-settled share-based payments                      5.2c              -                 -            -                -            2,270         2,270
                        Share buy-back                                           3.3b      (11,164)                  -            -                -                  -     (11,164)
                        Dividend reinvestment plan                               3.3b         2,196           (2,196)             -                -                  -              -
                        Dividends paid                                             3.4             -         (12,360)             -                -                  -    (12,360)
                        Total transactions with owners and other
                        transfers                                                          (5,282)          (14,556)               -               -          (1,300)      (21,138)
                        Balance at 30 June 2025                                           264,730          (133,795) (131,816)                (258)           55,034        53,895
                        Balance at 1 July 2025                                            264,730          (133,795) (131,816)                (258)           55,034        53,895
                        Comprehensive income
                        Net profit after tax                                                       -           11,166             -                -                  -       11,166
                        Other comprehensive income/(loss)                                          -                 -            -          (2,211)                  -      (2,211)
                        Total net profit and other comprehensive
                        income/(loss) for the year                                                 -           11,166              -        (2,211)                   -       8,955
                        Transactions with owners, in their capacity
                        as owners
                        Issue of Ordinary Shares under performance
                        plans                                                    3.3b        1,830                   -            -                -          (1,830)                -
                        Tax deduction for difference between
                        accounting expense and funds paid to issue
                        incentive plans                                                            -                 -            -                -              286           286
                        Equity-settled share-based payments                      5.2c              -                 -            -                -            4,223         4,223
                        Share buy-back                                           3.3b      (19,912)                  -            -                -                  -    (19,912)
                        Dividend reinvestment plan                               3.3b         1,724           (1,724)             -                -                  -              -
                        Dividends paid                                             3.4             -         (13,018)             -                -                  -    (13,018)
                        Total transactions with owners and other
                        transfers                                                         (16,358)          (14,742)               -               -            2,679     (28,421)
                        Balance at 30 June 2026                                           248,372           (137,371) (131,816)            (2,469)             57,713       34,429

                        The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements.​



                        1. During the year, the Group completed a review of the historical accounting treatment of inventory accruals at Mighty Ape, resulting in an adjustment of
                        opening retained earnings and related balance sheet amounts. The adjustment has no impact on the Group’s reported earnings for FY25 or FY26 or its cash
                        position. Refer to the Basis of Preparation note (e) Prior period adjustment for details.
                        2. FY25 Net loss after tax includes $46.3 million of Goodwill Impairment.
                        3. Relates to transition from AASB 15 to AASB 9 in regards to Loyalty Points and Gift Cards.


                                                                                                                                                                                 34
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS​
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2026



                                                                                                                                              CONSOLIDATED GROUP

                                                                                                                                                       2026           2025
                                                                                                                       Note                           $'000          $'000
                        CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
                        Receipts from customers                                                                                                     578,525        543,584
                        Payments to suppliers and employees⁴                                                                                      (531,820) (501,492)
                        Interest received                                                                                                                  804       1,055




For personal use only
                        Finance costs paid                                                                                                            (1,592)       (1,263)
                        Income tax paid                                                                                                               (3,971)       (4,591)
                        Net cash provided by operating activities                                                             1.4                    41,946         37,293


                        CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
                        Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                                                          (127)      (336)
                        Purchase of intangible assets                                                                                                (3,470)        (4,513)
                        Purchase of financial assets                                                                                                           -       (50)
                        Net cash (used in) investing activities                                                                                      (3,597)       (4,899)


                        CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
                        Dividends paid net of dividend reinvestment plan                                                                            (13,018)       (12,360)
                        Repayment of loans & borrowings                                                                                           (30,000) (30,000)
                        Draw down on debt facility                                                                                                   30,000        30,000
                        Payments for shares bought back                                                                                             (20,211)        (11,114)
                        Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities                                                                            (8,367)       (8,092)
                        Net cash (used in) financing activities                                                                                    (41,596)        (31,566)
                        Net (decrease)/increase in cash held                                                                                         (3,247)           828
                        Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of financial year                                                                      42,145        41,183
                        Effects of exchange rate changes on cash                                                                                     (2,467)            134
                        Cash and cash equivalents at end of financial year                                                    3.2                     36,431        42,145

                        The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements.​
                        ​
                        ​
                        ​




                        4. The FY25 payments include $1.5 million paid in relation to FY24 STIs for Executive Management (see FY25 Remuneration Report).



                                                                                                                                                                               35
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ​
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2026

                        BASIS OF PREPARATION

                        The financial report of Kogan.com Ltd and its controlled entities ("the Group") for the year ended 30 June 2026
                        was authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Directors on 24 August 2026.

                        The Group is a for-profit entity for financial reporting purposes under Australian Accounting Standards and the
                        nature of its operations and principal activities are described in the Directors' Report on page 8.

                        These General Purpose Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the Corporations Act
                        2001, Australian Accounting Standards, and Interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards
                        Board, as well as International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards




For personal use only
                        Board (IASB).

                        Accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these financial statements are presented below and have
                        been consistently applied unless stated otherwise.

                        Except for cash flow information, the financial statements have been prepared on an accruals basis and are
                        based on historical costs, modified, where applicable, by the measurement at fair value of financial assets and
                        financial liabilities.

                        Kogan.com Ltd is a Company of the kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors'
                        Reports) Instrument 2026/183 and in accordance with that instrument, amounts in the Directors' Report and the
                        Financial Report are rounded to the nearest thousand dollars, except where otherwise indicated.

                        a. Principles of Consolidation

                        The consolidated financial statements incorporate all of the assets, liabilities and results of the Group, in line
                        with AASB 10 Consolidated Financial Statements. Subsidiaries are entities the parent controls. The parent
                        controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from the involvement with the entity
                        and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. A list of the subsidiaries is provided
                        in Note 4.1.a.

                        The assets, liabilities and results of all subsidiaries are fully consolidated into the financial statements of the
                        Group from the date on which control is obtained by the Group. The consolidation of a subsidiary is
                        discontinued from the date that the control ceases. Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains or
                        losses on transactions between group entities are fully eliminated on consolidation. Accounting policies of
                        subsidiaries have been changed and adjustments made where necessary to ensure uniformity of the accounting
                        policies adopted by the Group.

                        b. Uses of Judgements, Estimates and Assumptions

                        In preparing the financial report, management has made judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the
                        application of the Group's accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and
                        expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

                        Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
                        recognised prospectively.



                                                                                                                                          36
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        Key judgements, estimates and assumptions made by management that have the most significant effect on the
                        financial statements are:

                            ●​ The assessment of the carrying value of non-current assets, including amortising intangible assets,
                               which is based on management's assessment of the nature of the capitalised costs and their expected
                               continued contribution of economic benefit to the Group, having regard to actual and forecast
                               performance and profitability.

                            ●​ Estimating fair value for share-based payment transactions requires determination of the most
                               appropriate valuation model, which depends on the terms and conditions of the grant. This estimate also
                               requires determination of the most appropriate inputs to the valuation model including the expected life
                               of the share option or performance right, volatility and dividend yield and making assumptions about
                               them. The recognition of the share-based payments expense also incorporates assumptions relating to
                               vesting probabilities.

                            ●​ The provisions for warranties and sales returns, which are based on estimates from historical warranty




For personal use only
                               and sales returns data associated with similar products and services. The Group expects to incur most of
                               the liability over the next financial year.

                            ●​ Unredeemed credits and membership points are recognised as a financial liability and measured at fair
                               value. The fair value estimation of credits and membership points takes into consideration the ability and
                               likelihood of redemption.

                            ●​ The provision for slow moving and obsolete inventory, which is based on estimates of net realisable
                               value.

                        c. Functional and Presentation Currency

                        These consolidated financial statements are presented in Australian dollars, which is the Parent’s functional
                        currency.

                        d. Comparative amounts

                        The comparative figures are for the period 1 July 2024 to 30 June 2025. Where appropriate, comparative
                        information has been reclassified to allow comparison with current year information.

                        e. Prior period adjustment

                        During the year, the Group completed a review of the historical accounting treatment of inventory purchase
                        accruals within Mighty Ape. Following this review, certain historical inventory purchase accrual balances have
                        been revised, with the resulting adjustment reflected through opening retained earnings and the corresponding
                        balance sheet line items for the affected periods. The adjustment has no impact on reported earnings for FY25
                        or FY26 or the Group’s cash position. The adjustment relates solely to historical balance sheet amounts and does
                        not impact the Group’s current trading performance.




                                                                                                                                      37
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        Impact on Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

                        Year Ended 30 June 2025 (Comparative Period)

                                                                                                                    CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                       As previously reported   Adjustment     Adjusted
                                                                                                       $'000        $'000         $'000
                        Prepayments and other assets                                                   5,907        (2,223)       3,684
                        Total assets                                                                 190,148       (2,223)      187,925
                        Trade and other payables                                                      83,567         4,409       87,976
                        Total liabilities                                                            129,621        4,409       134,030
                        Net assets                                                                    60,527       (6,632)       53,895
                        Accumulated losses                                                          (127,163)       (6,632)    (133,795)




For personal use only
                        Total equity                                                                  60,527       (6,632)       53,895


                        Impact on Consolidated Income Statement and Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income

                        The adjustment has no impact on total comprehensive loss for the year ended 30 June 2025.

                        Impact on Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                                                                                                                   CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                               Adjusted
                                                                                                                                 $'000
                        Accumulated losses as at 1 July 2024, as previously reported                                           (70,369)
                        Adjustment                                                                                              (6,632)
                        Net accumulated losses as at 1 July 2024, adjusted                                                     (77,001)


                        f. Adoption of new or amended accounting standards and future accounting developments

                        In the current year, the Group has adopted all of the new and revised Standards and Interpretations issued by
                        the Australian Accounting Standards Board (the AASB) that are relevant to its operations and effective for the
                        current annual reporting period. Their adoption has not had any material impact on the disclosures or on
                        amounts reported in these financial statements.

                        The Group has not early adopted any other standards, interpretations or amendments that have been issued but
                        are not yet effective.

                        The following Standards and Interpretations are issued but not yet effective:

                        (i) AASB 2024-2 and AASB 2025-2 Amendments to AASs - Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments
                        (effective 1 July 2026)

                        (ii) AASB 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (effective 1 January 2027). The Group is
                        currently working to identify all impacts the amendments will have on the primary financial statements and
                        notes to the financial statements.

                        (iii) AASB 2014-10 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Sale or Contribution of Assets between
                        an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture (effective 1 January 2028)

                                                                                                                                     38
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        SEGMENT INFORMATION

                        a. Basis of segmentation

                        The Group has the following two operating divisions, Kogan.com and Mighty Ape. These operating divisions
                        offer different products and services and are managed separately because they require different product
                        sourcing and marketing strategies.

                        The Board is identified as the chief operating decision maker, and considers the Group’s business primarily from
                        an operating divisions perspective, and receives monthly reports that allow the Board to make strategic
                        decisions about resource allocation to each. On this basis management has identified the operating divisions as
                        the Group’s two reporting segments. The Board monitors the performance of these two segments separately.
                        The Group does not operate under any other operating division.


                         Reportable segments        Operations




For personal use only
                         Kogan.com                  Online retailer selling in-house and third-party brand products, providing premium
                                                    memberships, generating Platform-based revenue including seller fees for
                                                    marketplace sellers, commission-based telecommunication, internet, insurance,
                                                    utilities, and travel as well as fees generated through the Kogan Advertising
                                                    platform.

                         Mighty Ape                 Online specialist retailer of gaming and entertainment products, providing premium
                                                    subscriptions, as well as producing Platform-based revenue through seller fees
                                                    from marketplace sellers, and commission-based earnings from telecommunication
                                                    and travel.


                        b. Segment information provided to the Board

                        Information related to each reportable segment, split by primary geographical market, is set out below. Segment
                        Adjusted EBITDA is used to measure performance as management believes that this information is the most
                        relevant in evaluating the results of the respective segments relative to other entities that operate in the same
                        sectors. This disclosure includes the required disclosure by geography.




                                                                                                                                         39
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        Reportable Segment                                                        Kogan.com                                Mighty Ape                              Total
                                                                                         (Australia)      (New Zealand)          (Australia)       (New Zealand)
                        2026                                                                 $'000               $'000               $'000                $'000               $'000
                        Segment revenue                                                     401,296                  23,873             3,996                 81,567        510,732
                        Cost of sales                                                     (226,850)                (13,496)           (2,961)              (56,500)      (299,807)
                        Selling expenses                                                     (9,937)                   (591)             (114)               (2,180)        (12,822)
                        Marketing expenses                                                  (66,257)                 (3,941)            (487)                (9,301)       (79,986)
                        Warehouse expenses                                                    (7,881)                  (491)                  -                (629)         (9,001)
                        IT expenses                                                         (10,625)                   (632)              (76)                (1,417)       (12,750)
                        People costs                                                        (36,099)                         -          (230)               (13,259)       (49,588)
                        Other administrative expenses                                        (6,237)                         -                -              (2,382)         (8,619)
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                       (10,167)                         -                -               (5,913)      (16,080)




For personal use only
                        Finance income                                                           705                         -                -                    99              804
                        Finance costs                                                         (2,071)                        -                -                (524)         (2,595)
                        Unrealised foreign exchange loss                                      (1,549)                    (92)                 -                      5       (1,636)
                        Profit/(Loss) before income tax                                      24,328                   4,630               128              (10,434)          18,652
                        EBITDA                                                               35,007                   4,630               128               (4,066)          35,699
                        Adjusted EBITDA⁵                                                     40,424                   4,722               128                (3,452)         41,822


                        Capital expenditure                                                  (3,439)                         -                -                 (157)        (3,596)
                        Segment assets                                                       167,391                  2,098               292                 13,160        182,941
                        Non-current segment assets⁶                                           47,697                         -                -                   931        48,628
                        Segment liabilities                                                (128,777)                 (1,778)                  -             (17,957)      (148,512)




                        5. Total adjusting items are unrealised FX losses of $1.6 million, equity-based compensation and associated expenses of $4.2 million and $0.3 million of
                        marketing compliance provision.
                        6. Non-current segment assets do not include deferred tax assets in accordance with AASB 8 Operating Segments 33(b).



                                                                                                                                                                                     40
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        Reportable Segment                                                     Kogan.com                                 Mighty Ape                            Total
                                                                                    (Australia)        (New Zealand)           (Australia)         (New Zealand)
                        2025                                                            $'000                 $'000                $'000                  $'000              $'000
                        Segment revenue                                                330,444                    35,563              7,295                 114,805        488,107
                        Cost of sales                                                 (189,567)                 (20,402)            (5,391)                (82,835)      (298,195)
                        Selling expenses                                                 (8,664)                    (932)             (199)                  (3,018)       (12,813)
                        Marketing expenses                                              (51,655)                 (5,560)              (594)                  (9,096)      (66,905)
                        Warehouse expenses                                               (6,914)                    (475)                   -                 (1,198)       (8,587)
                        IT expenses                                                      (8,358)                    (900)             (100)                  (1,504)       (10,862)
                        People costs                                                    (33,636)                          -           (347)                (15,807)       (49,790)
                        Other administrative expenses                                     (7,134)                         -                 -                (2,139)        (9,273)
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                  (10,043)                           -                 -               (6,004)        (16,047)




For personal use only
                        Goodwill impairment                                             (46,311)                          -                 -                        -     (46,311)
                        Finance income                                                       953                          -                 -                    102          1,055
                        Finance costs                                                     (1,736)                         -                 -                   (719)       (2,455)
                        Unrealised foreign exchange loss                                    (731)                     (79)                  -                     (6)          (816)
                        (Loss)/Profit before income tax                                (33,352)                     7,215               664                  (7,419)      (32,892)
                        EBITDA                                                         (23,012)                     7,215               664                    (815)      (15,948)
                        Adjusted EBITDA⁷                                                  29,581                   7,294                664                    (784)        36,755


                        Capital expenditure                                              (4,240)                          -                 -                  (604)        (4,844)
                        Segment assets                                                  154,768                     2,629               481                  30,047        187,925
                        Non-current segment assets⁸                                      45,262                           -                 -                  7,518        52,780
                        Segment liabilities                                           (105,587)                   (3,138)                   -              (25,305)      (134,030)




                        7. Total adjusting items are unrealised FX losses of $0.8 million, equity-based compensation and associated expenses of $5.6 million, and goodwill impairment
                        of $46.3 million.
                        8. Non-current segment assets do not include deferred tax assets in accordance with AASB 8 Operating Segments 33(b).



                                                                                                                                                                                  41
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        SECTION 1: BUSINESS PERFORMANCE

                        1.1 Revenue

                        Sale of goods

                        Revenue is recognised when the Group satisfies its performance obligation by transferring a promised good to a
                        customer. When a performance obligation is satisfied, the Group recognises as revenue the amount of the
                        transaction price which excludes the associated costs and possible return of goods. Prior to these conditions
                        being met, receipts from the sale of the goods are recorded in deferred income. Revenue is measured net of
                        returns, trade discounts and volume rebates.

                        The majority of sales undertaken by Kogan.com are through the website, where payment is received upfront.

                        Kogan.com is an online-only retailer. Each sale represents a separate identified contract with a customer for
                        which generally two performance obligations are expected: sales of goods and delivery revenue.




For personal use only
                        The timing of transfer of control varies depending on the individual terms of the sales agreement. For sale of
                        goods, transfer usually occurs upon dispatch of the goods, where control is contractually transferred to the
                        customer. For delivery income, the Company utilises various data points, including reports from Australia Post,
                        to estimate delivery completion times. Delivery fees are recognised from deferred income based on these
                        estimates, typically 3 to 4 business days after dispatch.

                        A provision for warranties is recognised when the underlying products or services are sold, based on historical
                        warranty data and a specific review of warranty claims outstanding.

                        A provision for sales returns is recognised for the expected value of returns, based on historical sales return data
                        and a specific review of the profile of sales for the period and post period-end.

                        Rendering of services

                        Revenue from the rendering of services is recognised when management has fulfilled its service obligations to
                        the Group's customers, recovery of the consideration is probable, and the amount of revenue can be measured
                        reliably. Revenue is measured net of returns and trade discounts.

                        The timing of revenue recognition varies depending on the individual terms of the services agreement and the
                        contractual obligations of the Group.

                        Revenue from the rendering of services is deferred when a customer has paid in advance but the Group has not
                        yet fulfilled its obligations to the customer, in line with the terms and conditions of sale.

                        Kogan FIRST & Mighty Ape PRIMATE Subscriptions

                        Revenue from Subscriptions is recognised when management has fulfilled its membership service obligations to
                        the Group's customers, noting collection of consideration is performed at the commencement of the
                        membership and is therefore able to be reliably measured. Revenue is measured net of returns.

                        There are two types of Subscriptions:

                            ●​ 1-month subscription: revenue is recognised in the month when the Group received the membership
                               fee;




                                                                                                                                         42
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                             ●​ 12-month subscription: revenue is recognised over the 12-month subscription period in line with usage
                                of the subscription.

                        Advertising

                        Revenue from Advertising is recognised when management has fulfilled its advertising service obligations,
                        recovery of the consideration is probable, and the amount of revenue can be measured reliably. Revenue is
                        measured net of refunds.

                        The timing of revenue recognition varies depending on the individual terms of the advertising services
                        agreement and the contractual obligations of the Group.

                        Revenue from Advertising is deferred when a customer has paid in advance but the Group has not yet fulfilled
                        its obligations to the customer, in line with the terms and conditions of advertising.

                                                                                                              CONSOLIDATED GROUP




For personal use only
                                                                                                                2026            2025
                                                                                                               $'000           $'000
                        Revenue
                        Sales revenue:
                        Sale of goods⁹                                                                        381,489         376,159
                        Rendering of services                                                                  62,977         53,998
                        Subscriptions                                                                          61,413          53,716
                                                                                                             505,879         483,873


                        Advertising & Other revenue:
                        Advertising                                                                             4,735          4,076
                        Other                                                                                     118            158
                                                                                                                4,853          4,234
                        Total revenue                                                                         510,732        488,107




                        9. Includes associated delivery fee income.




                                                                                                                                  43
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        1.2 Expenses

                        1.2a Operating activities

                                                                                                                   2026             2025
                                                                                                                  $'000            $'000
                        Cost of sales                                                                           299,807          298,195
                        Employee benefit expense
                                    Share based payments expense                                                   4,223           2,270
                                    Defined contribution superannuation expense                                    2,362           2,155
                                    Other employee benefit expenses including salaries and wages                 43,003           45,365
                                                                                                                 49,588           49,790
                        Depreciation expense                                                                       8,429           8,507




For personal use only
                        Amortisation expense                                                                       7,651           7,540
                                                                                                                  16,080          16,047

                        ​
                        1.2b Finance costs

                                                                                                                   2026             2025
                                                                                                                  $'000            $'000
                        Finance costs on debt facilities                                                            588             644
                        Interest Expense - lease liabilities                                                        427             448
                        Interest Expense - other                                                                     757             861
                        Bank Fees                                                                                   823             502
                        Total finance costs                                                                        2,595           2,455


                        ​
                        1.3 Tax Balances

                        Income tax expense/(income) for the year comprises current income tax expense/(income) and deferred tax
                        expense/(income).

                        Current income tax expense charged to profit or loss is the tax payable on taxable income. Current tax
                        liabilities/(assets) are measured at the amounts expected to be paid to/(recovered from) the relevant taxation
                        authority.

                        Deferred income tax expense reflects movements in deferred tax assets and deferred tax liability balances
                        during the year as well as unused tax losses.

                        Current and deferred income tax expense/(income) is charged or credited outside profit or loss when the tax
                        relates to items that are recognised outside profit or loss.

                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when
                        the asset is realised or the liability is settled and their measurement also reflects the manner in which
                        management expects to recover or settle the carrying amount of the related assets or liability.




                                                                                                                                      44
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        Deferred tax assets relating to temporary differences and unused tax losses are recognised only to the extent
                        that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the benefits of the deferred tax asset
                        can be utilised.

                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where: (i) a legally enforceable right of set-off exists; and (ii) the
                        deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same
                        taxable entity or different taxable entities where it is intended that net settlement or simultaneous realisation
                        and settlement of the respective asset and liability will occur in future periods in which significant amounts of
                        deferred tax assets or liability are expected to be recovered or settled.

                                                                                                                             CONSOLIDATED GROUP

                                                                                                                          2026                     2025
                                                                                                                         $'000                     $'000
                        The components of tax expense/(benefit) comprise:




For personal use only
                        Current Tax                                                                                       7,548                    4,439
                        Deferred Tax                                                                                      (292)                    2,012
                        Under/(Over) provision in respect of prior year                                                     230                      122
                        Income tax expense attributable to the Group                                                     7,486                     6,573


                        The prima facie tax on profit/(loss) from ordinary activities before income tax is reconciled to income tax as follows:
                        Profit/(loss) before tax from continuing operations                                              18,652               (32,892)
                        Prima facie tax on (loss)/profit from ordinary activities before income tax at 30%
                        (2025: 30%):                                                                                      5,595                   (9,869)
                        • Effect of expenses that are not deductible in determining taxable profit                        1,706                    1,094
                        • Effect of amortisation of trademarks not deductible in determining taxable profit                 187                      999
                        • Effect of Goodwill Impairment that is not deductible in determining taxable profit                   -                  13,893
                        • Effect of variations in tax rates of foreign controlled entities                                  134                       60
                        • Under/(Over) provision in respect of prior year                                                   230                      122
                        • Other                                                                                           (366)                      274
                        Income tax expense attributable to the Group                                                     7,486                     6,573
                        The applicable weighted average effective tax rates are as follows:                                40%                       n/a

                        The Group's effective tax rate of 40% is higher than the Australian corporate tax rate of 30%, primarily due to
                        the separate taxation of Australian Group entities, together with differences between the tax and accounting
                        treatment of Share Based Payments and other permanent differences.

                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when
                        the asset is realised or the liability is settled and their measurement also reflects the manner in which
                        management expects to recover or settle the carrying amount of the related assets or liability.




                                                                                                                                                      45
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                                                                                                                                     CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                         30 June 2026               30 June 2025
                                                                                                                                     $'000                 $'000


                        Current and deferred tax balances
                        Assets
                        Current tax asset                                                                                               24                    712
                        Deferred tax asset                                                                                           7,350                  7,302
                        Total                                                                                                        7,374                 8,014
                        Liabilities
                        Current tax liabilities                                                                                      4,536                  1,703
                        Total                                                                                                        4,536                  1,703

                        Movements in deferred tax balances




For personal use only
                        2026                                                                                                            BALANCE AT 30 JUNE
                                                                  Net balance at      Under/       Recognised in                   Deferred        Deferred tax
                        $000                                      1 July              Over         profit or loss Net              tax assets      liabilities
                        Property, plant & equipment                         (2,317)            -           (937)       (3,254)                54          (3,308)
                        Intangible assets                                   (7,450)            -           1,501       (5,949)            1,268            (7,217)
                        Employee benefits                                      933             -              42          975                975                   -
                        Provisions                                           1,887             -           1,403        3,290             3,290                    -
                        Lease liability                                      2,339             -           1,071        3,410             3,410                    -
                        Other items                                             14             -            1,101        1,115            1,122                (7)
                        Share-based payments reserve                         1,264             -            1,118       2,382             2,382                    -
                        Tax losses carried forward                          10,632             -          (5,251)        5,381            5,381                    -
                        Tax assets/(liabilities) before set-off              7,302             -              48        7,350           17,882           (10,532)
                        Set-off of tax                                                                                         -       (10,532)            10,532
                        Net tax assets /(liabilities)                                                                   7,350            7,350                     -




                        2025                                                                                                           BALANCE AT 30 JUNE
                                                            Net balance                        Recognised in                  Deferred tax         Deferred tax
                        $000                                at 1 July   Under/Over             profit or loss Net             assets               liabilities
                        Property, plant & equipment               (3,899)                 -              1,582      (2,317)                  44           (2,361)
                        Intangible assets                         (8,333)                 -                883      (7,450)               644             (8,094)
                        Employee benefits                            852                  -                 81         933                   933                  -
                        Provisions                                   947                  -               940        1,887               1,887                    -
                        Lease liability                            3,759                  -             (1,420)      2,339               2,339                    -
                        Other items                                  352                  -              (338)          14                   22               (8)
                        Share-based payments reserve               2,221                  -              (957)       1,264               1,264                    -
                        Tax losses carried forward                13,415                  -             (2,783)     10,632              10,632                    -
                        Tax assets/(liabilities) before
                        set-off                                    9,314                  -            (2,012)       7,302              17,765           (10,463)
                        Set-off of tax                                                                                    -           (10,463)            10,463
                        Net tax assets/(liabilities)                                                                 7,302              7,302                     -




                                                                                                                                                                  46
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        1.4 Notes to the Cash Flow Statement

                                                                                                                         CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                               2026                     2025
                                                                                                              $'000                    $'000
                        Reconciliation of Cash Flows from Operating Activities with Profit/(Loss) after Income Tax
                        Profit/(Loss) after income tax                                                        11,166                 (39,465)
                        Non-cash flows in profit/(loss):
                        • depreciation & amortisation                                                        16,080                   16,047
                        • provision for aged and slow-moving stock                                             (338)                    (158)
                        • share based payments expense                                                        4,223                    2,270
                        • income tax expense                                                                  7,486                    6,573
                        • unrealised FX loss                                                                   1,636                     816
                        • Goodwill impairment                                                                        -                 46,311




For personal use only
                        • accrued short-term incentive payment                                                2,100                         -
                        • interest expense on lease                                                             427                      448
                        • other                                                                                 527                       28
                        Changes in assets and liabilities:
                        • decrease/(increase) in trade and other receivables                                    568                   (2,221)
                        • (increase)/decrease in prepayments and other assets                                  (691)                      131
                        • (increase)/decrease in inventories                                                 (7,027)                   1,004
                        • increase in trade payables and accruals                                              5,757                   8,079
                        • increase in deferred income                                                         3,500                    2,622
                        • increase/(decrease) in provisions                                                     896                    (524)
                        • (decrease) in tax payable                                                          (4,364)                  (4,668)
                        Cash flows from operating activities                                                 41,946                   37,293




                                                                                                                                          47
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        SECTION 2: OPERATING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                        2.1 Working Capital

                        2.1.1 Inventories

                        Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of inventories is based on the
                        weighted average cost principle and includes all direct costs attributable to purchase, such as freight and
                        insurance.

                                                                                                                  CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                            30 June 2026    30 June 2025
                                                                                                                   $'000           $'000
                        CURRENT
                        Inventory in transit                                                                      14,890           12,514




For personal use only
                        Inventory on hand                                                                         62,975           59,672
                        Total inventories                                                                         77,865           72,186

                        In 2026, inventories of $262 million (2025: $271 million) were recognised as an expense during the year and
                        included in ‘cost of sales’.

                        In addition, inventories were reduced by $0.8 million (2025: $1.1 million) as a result of the write-down to net
                        realisable value, which was recognised as an expense during the year.

                        2.1.2a Trade and other receivables

                        Trade and other receivables include amounts due from customers for goods sold and services performed in the
                        ordinary course of business. Receivables expected to be collected within 12 months of the end of the reporting
                        period are classified as current assets.

                        Trade and other receivables are initially recorded at the transaction price if they do not contain a significant
                        financing component or where the Group has chosen to apply the practical expedient. Subsequently, they are
                        measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less any allowance for impairment.

                                                                                                                  CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                            30 June 2026    30 June 2025
                                                                                                                   $'000           $'000
                        CURRENT
                        Trade receivables                                                                           8,335           7,271
                        Other receivables                                                                             88            1,720
                        Total trade and other receivables                                                          8,423            8,991

                        Credit risk

                        The Group has no significant concentration of credit risk with respect to any single counterparty or group of
                        counterparties other than those receivables specifically provided for and mentioned within Note 3.2. The class
                        of assets described as “trade and other receivables” is considered to be the main source of credit risk related to
                        the Group.




                                                                                                                                       48
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        On a geographical basis, the Group has credit risk exposures in Australia and New Zealand given the substantial
                        operations in this region. The Group’s exposure to credit risk for receivables at the end of the reporting period in
                        those regions is as follows:

                                                                                                                    CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                        AUD                                                                                   30 June 2026     30 June 2025
                                                                                                                     $'000            $'000
                        Australia                                                                                     5,497            8,425
                        New Zealand                                                                                   2,926             566
                                                                                                                      8,423            8,991

                        ​
                        2.1.2b Prepayments and Other Current Assets

                                                                                                                    CONSOLIDATED GROUP




For personal use only
                                                                                                              30 June 2026     30 June 2025
                                                                                                                     $'000            $'000
                        CURRENT
                        Prepayments                                                                                   3,820            3,437
                        Rental bond                                                                                      36             247
                        Total prepayments and other assets                                                            3,856            3,684

                        ​
                        2.1.3a Trade and other payables

                        Trade and other payables represent the liabilities for goods and services received by the entity that remain
                        unpaid at the end of the reporting period. The balance is recognised as a current liability with the amounts
                        normally paid within 45 days of recognition of the liability.

                                                                                                                    CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                                    30 June
                                                                                               30 June 2026                            2025
                                                                                                      $'000                           $'000
                        CURRENT
                        Trade payables                                                               59,250                           59,970
                        Other payables                                                               35,846                          28,006
                        Total trade and other payables                                               95,096                          87,976

                        ​
                        2.1.3b Lease liability

                        At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
                        contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in
                        exchange for consideration. Lease liability contracts of the Group relate to warehouse space commitments,
                        office premises and logistics equipment, including forklifts. To assess whether a contract conveys the right to
                        control the use of an identified asset, the Group assesses whether:

                            ●​ The contract involves the use of an identified asset — this may be specified explicitly, and should be a
                               physically distinct asset, or represent substantially, all the capacity of a physically distinct asset. If the
                               supplier has a substantive substitution right, then the asset is not identified;


                                                                                                                                          49
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                            ●​ The Group has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from the use of the asset
                               throughout the period of use; and
                            ●​ The Group has the right to direct the use of the asset. The Group has this right when it has the
                               decision-making rights that are most relevant to determining how and for what purpose the asset is
                               used. In rare cases where all the decisions about how and for what purpose the asset is used are
                               predetermined, the Group has the right to direct the use of the asset if either:
                                   ○​ The Group has the right to operate the asset; or
                                   ○​ The Group designed the asset in a way that predetermines how and for what purpose it will be
                                       used.

                        As a lessee

                        The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The
                        right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted
                        for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an
                        estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset, less any lease




For personal use only
                        incentives received.

                        The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement
                        date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use or the end of the lease term. The estimated
                        useful lives of the right-of-use assets are determined on the same basis as those property, plant and equipment.
                        In addition, the right-of-use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain
                        remeasurements of the lease liability.

                        The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
                        commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily
                        determined, the Group's incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate as
                        the discount rate.

                        Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise:

                            ●​ fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments;
                            ●​ amounts expected to be payable under a residual guarantee; and
                            ●​ lease payments in an optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension
                               option, and penalties for early termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not to
                               terminate early.

                        The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when
                        there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the
                        Group's estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee or if the Group
                        changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option.

                        When a lease liability is remeasured in this way, an adjustment is made to the lease liability, with a corresponding
                        adjustment to the right-of-use asset.

                        The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property in 'property,
                        plant and equipment' and lease liabilities separately in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. As at 30
                        June 2026, the net carrying amount of the right-of-use asset is $15.9 million (2025: $15.2 million), please refer to
                        note 2.3.




                                                                                                                                         50
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        The lease liability as of 30 June 2026 is presented below:

                        Lease liability – Maturity analysis

                                                                                                            30 June 2026    30 June 2025
                        Maturity analysis - contractual undiscounted cash flows                                    $'000           $'000
                        Less than one year                                                                          8,941           9,011
                        One to five years                                                                           9,977           9,473
                        More than five years                                                                            -             247
                        Total undiscounted lease liabilities as at 30 June                                         18,918          18,731
                        Lease liabilities included in the statement of financial position as at 30 June            17,361          16,655
                        Current                                                                                     8,221           8,191
                        Non-current                                                                                 9,140           8,464




For personal use only
                        ​
                        2.1.3c Deferred Income​

                                                                                                             30 June 2026    30 June 2025
                                                                                                                    $'000           $'000
                        CURRENT
                        Deferred Income                                                                            23,048            19,821
                                                                                                                   23,048            19,821

                        Deferred Income relates to receipts from the sale of the goods which have not been dispatched and/or
                        delivered, unfulfilled services to be performed under the Group’s Kogan FIRST and Mighty Ape PRIMATE loyalty
                        programs and advertising fees received upfront with the obligation to be fulfilled in a future period as per the
                        agreement.

                        The deferred income balance as at 30 June 2025 was recognised as revenue in its entirety in FY26, subject to
                        any subsequent refunds processed.

                        2.2 Intangible Assets

                        (i) Patents and Trademarks

                        Patents and Trademarks relate to the Company’s private label exclusive products as well as brand names and
                        associated images across the various brands including Mighty Ape, Brosa, Matt Blatt, Dick Smith and
                        Kogan.com. They are measured at cost less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.

                        (ii) Website development and software costs

                        Website development and software costs are measured at cost less any accumulated amortisation and
                        accumulated impairment losses. Such development costs are only capitalised if they can be reliably measured,
                        the process is technically and commercially feasible, future economic benefits are probable, and the Group has
                        sufficient resources to complete development.

                        (iii) Intellectual property

                        Acquired intellectual property, including customer lists, which enable direct marketing of products and services,
                        are capitalised to the extent it is probable that expected future economic benefits attributable to the asset will
                        flow to the entity, and the cost can be reliably measured.

                                                                                                                                       51
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        (iv) Subsequent expenditure

                        Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it increases the future economic benefits embodied in the
                        specific asset to which it relates. All other subsequent expenditure, including expenditure on internally
                        generated goodwill and brands, is recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

                        (v) Amortisation

                        Amortisation is calculated to write off the cost of intangible assets less their estimated residual values using the
                        straight-line method over their estimated useful lives and is generally recognised in the Consolidated Income
                        Statement and Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income.

                        Intangibles that are considered to have indefinite useful lives are not subject to amortisation.

                        The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:




For personal use only
                        Patents and trademarks​​         ​       2.5 - 10.0 years​
                        Website development costs​       ​       2.0 - 5.0 years​
                        Software costs​ ​      ​         ​       2.5 years​
                        Intellectual property​ ​         ​       2.0 years​
                        Brand Names​ ​         ​         ​       10.0 – 15.0 years

                        Amortisation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted, if
                        appropriate.

                        (vi) Impairment of Assets

                        At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets (other than
                        inventories and deferred tax assets) to determine whether there is an indication of impairment. If any such
                        indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated in accordance with AASB 136 Impairment of
                        Assets.

                        For impairment testing, assets are grouped into Cash Generating Units (CGU), being the smallest identifiable
                        group of assets that generate largely independent cash inflows. The Group has two CGUs, being Kogan.com and
                        Mighty Ape.

                        The recoverable amount of an asset, or CGU, is the greater of its value-in-use and its fair value less costs of
                        disposal. The value-in-use is based on the estimated future cash flows, discounted to their present value using a
                        post-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
                        specific to the asset or CGU.

                        An impairment loss is recognised where the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount of an asset or
                        CGU. Impairment losses are recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement and Consolidated Statement of
                        Other Comprehensive Income. Impairment losses are first applied to reduce the value of any Goodwill allocated
                        to the CGU. Any remaining loss is allocated to other assets within the CGU on a pro-rata basis. Impairment
                        losses recognised for assets other than Goodwill may be reversed in subsequent periods if there has been a
                        change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. Reversals are limited to the carrying amount
                        that would have been recognised had no impairment loss been recorded, net of depreciation or amortisation.
                        Goodwill impairments are never reversed.




                                                                                                                                         52
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                                                                                                                CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                          30 June 2026           30 June 2025
                                                                                                                 $'000                  $'000
                        Patents, brands and trademarks:
                        Cost                                                                                     46,275                  46,084
                        Accumulated amortisation                                                                (19,537)                 (16,112)
                        Net carrying amount                                                                      26,738                  29,972
                        Website development costs:
                        Cost                                                                                     27,690                  24,410
                        Accumulated amortisation                                                                (23,792)                (19,576)
                        Net carrying amount                                                                       3,898                   4,834
                        Software costs:
                        Cost                                                                                       1,288                   1,288
                        Accumulated amortisation                                                                 (1,288)                 (1,288)




For personal use only
                        Net carrying amount                                                                               -                    -
                        Intellectual property:
                        Cost                                                                                     23,770                  23,770
                        Accumulated amortisation                                                               (23,648)                 (23,630)
                        Net carrying amount                                                                             122                 140
                        Goodwill:
                        Cost                                                                                              -               46,311
                        Goodwill Impairment                                                                               -             (46,311)
                        Net carrying amount                                                                               -                    -
                        Total intangibles                                                                        30,758                  34,946




                                                                   Patents,       Website
                                                                brands and    development    Software    Intellectual
                                                                trademarks           costs       costs      property      Goodwill         Total
                                                                     $'000          $'000       $'000          $'000        $'000         $'000
                        Consolidated Group:
                        Year ended 30 June 2025
                        Balance at the beginning of the year        32,894          4,807            1          230            46,311    84,243
                        Additions                                      390           4,123           -              -               -      4,513
                        Impairment                                        -              -           -              -         (46,311) (46,311)
                        Amortisation                                (3,318)        (4,096)         (1)          (90)                -    (7,505)
                        Foreign Currency exchange differences            6               -           -              -               -          6
                        Closing value at 30 June 2025               29,972          4,834            -           140                -    34,946


                        Year ended 30 June 2026
                        Balance at the beginning of the year        29,972          4,834            -           140                -    34,946
                        Additions                                      190          3,280            -              -               -     3,470
                        Disposals                                         -              -           -              -               -          -
                        Amortisation                                (3,382)        (4,216)           -          (18)                -    (7,616)
                        Foreign Currency exchange differences          (42)              -           -              -               -       (42)
                        Closing value at 30 June 2026               26,738          3,898            -           122                -    30,758


                                                                                                                                              53
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        2.3 Property, Plant and Equipment

                        Property, Plant and Equipment

                        Each class of property, plant and equipment is carried at cost less, where applicable, any accumulated
                        depreciation and impairment losses. Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised
                        as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the
                        item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably.

                        All other repairs and maintenance are recognised as expenses in the Consolidated Income Statement and
                        Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income during the financial period in which they are incurred.

                        Property, plant and equipment is measured on a cost basis and therefore carried at cost less accumulated
                        depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. In the event the carrying amount of property, plant and
                        equipment is greater than the estimated recoverable amount, the carrying amount is written down immediately
                        to the estimated recoverable amount and impairment losses are recognised either in profit or loss or as a




For personal use only
                        revaluation decrease if the impairment losses relate to a revalued asset. A formal assessment of the recoverable
                        amount is made when impairment indicators are present.

                        The carrying amount of property, plant and equipment is reviewed for indicators of impairment annually by
                        management. If an indication of impairment exists, the recoverable amount is assessed for the relevant CGU on
                        the basis of the expected net cash flows that will be received from the asset's employment and subsequent
                        disposal. The expected net cash flows are discounted to their present values in determining recoverable
                        amounts.

                        The cost of fixed assets constructed within the Group includes the cost of materials, direct labour, borrowing
                        costs and an appropriate proportion of fixed and variable overheads.

                        Depreciation

                        The depreciable amount of all fixed assets purchased is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the asset's
                        useful life to the Group commencing from the time the asset is held ready for use. Leasehold improvements are
                        depreciated over the shorter of either the unexpired period of the lease or the estimated useful lives of the
                        improvements.

                        The depreciation rates used for each class of depreciable assets are:​



                        Class of Fixed Asset                                                                                 Useful lives
                        Equipment & Vehicles                                                                              1.5 - 10.0 years
                        Leasehold improvements                                                                                    5 years


                        Class of Fixed Asset                                                                                 Lease Term
                        Right-of-use asset                                                                                2.0 - 8.0 years

                        The assets' residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
                        reporting period.

                        Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with the carrying amount. These gains and
                        losses are recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive
                        Income in the period in which they arise.


                                                                                                                                       54
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                                                                                                             CONSOLIDATED GROUP

                                                                                                       30 June 2026          30 June 2025
                                                                                                              $'000                 $'000
                        Equipment & Vehicles:
                        Cost                                                                                   7,078                6,975
                        Accumulated depreciation                                                             (5,074)              (4,292)
                        Net carrying amount                                                                    2,004                2,683
                        Leasehold improvements:
                        Cost                                                                                      39                   39
                        Accumulated depreciation                                                                (39)                 (39)
                        Net carrying amount                                                                        -                     -
                        Right-of-use asset:
                        Cost                                                                                  64,820              55,454




For personal use only
                        Accumulated depreciation                                                            (48,953)             (40,303)
                        Net carrying amount                                                                   15,867                15,151
                        Total property, plant and equipment                                                   17,871               17,834

                        Movements in carrying amounts

                        Movements in the carrying amounts for each class of property, plant and equipment between the beginning and
                        the end of the current financial year:


                                                                       Equipment &        Leasehold
                                                                           Vehicles   improvements    Right-of-use asset            Total
                                                                             $'000            $'000               $'000            $'000
                        Consolidated Group:
                        Year ended 30 June 2025
                        Balance at the beginning of the year                 2,998                -              21,695            24,693
                        Additions                                              336                -                1,150            1,486
                        Disposals                                                 -               -                    (1)             (1)
                        Depreciation Expense                                  (714)               -              (7,793)          (8,507)

                        Foreign Currency exchange differences                   63                -                 100               163

                        Closing value at 30 June 2025                        2,683                -               15,151           17,834


                        Year ended 30 June 2026

                        Balance at the beginning of the year                 2,683                -               15,151           17,834
                        Additions                                              127                -               9,395             9,522
                        Disposals                                              (24)               -                 (29)             (53)
                        Depreciation Expense                                  (524)               -              (7,905)          (8,429)

                        Foreign Currency exchange differences                 (258)               -               (745)           (1,003)

                        Closing value at 30 June 2026                        2,004                -              15,867            17,871




                                                                                                                                       55
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        SECTION 3: CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND FINANCING

                        3.1 Loans and Borrowings

                        Debt Facilities

                        The Group has multiple available debt facilities. The tables below set out the various structures of the debt
                        facilities for Kogan.com and Mighty Ape as at balance dates. No debt facility was drawn upon as at 30 June
                        2026 (30 June 2025: Nil).

                                                                                                Kogan.com

                                                                                                                             30 June 2026   30 June 2025
                                                                                Interest rate¹⁰                                     $'000          $'000
                        Debt Facility                                                 %                       Maturity               AUD            AUD
                        Trade Finance facility                               BBSY+[1.1% to 1.3%]             31 March 2027         15,000         15,000




For personal use only
                        Cash Advance facility                                BBSY+[1.2% to 1.4%]             31 March 2027         20,000        20,000
                        Total Debt Facility                                                                                        35,000        35,000



                                                                                                Mighty Ape

                                                                                                                             30 June 2026   30 June 2025
                                                                              Interest rate                                         $'000          $'000
                        Debt Facility                                              %                          Maturity               NZD            NZD
                        Overdraft facility                                        6.67%                         N/A                 1,500          1,500
                        Total Debt Facility                                                                                         1,500          1,500


                        3.2 Capital and Financial Risk Management

                        The Group's financial instruments consist mainly of deposits with banks, local money market instruments,
                        short-term investments and payable derivatives.

                        Financial risk management policies

                        The Board’s overall risk management strategy seeks to assist the Group in meeting its financial targets, while
                        minimising potential adverse effects on financial performance. This includes the review of the use of hedging
                        derivative instruments, credit risk policies and future cash flow requirements.

                        Specific financial risk exposures and management

                        The main risks the Group is exposed to through its financial instruments are credit risk, liquidity risk, and market
                        risk consisting of interest rate risk and foreign currency risk. There have been no substantive changes in the
                        types of risks the Group is exposed to, how these risks arise, or the Board’s objectives, policies and processes for
                        managing or measuring the risks from the previous period.

                        Credit risk

                        Exposure to credit risk relating to financial assets arises from the potential non-performance by counterparties
                        of contract obligations that could lead to a financial loss to the Group.​


                        10. The margin added to the BBSY is determined by the leverage ratio.



                                                                                                                                                      56
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        Credit risk is managed through internal procedures (such as the utilisation of systems for the approval, granting
                        and renewal of credit limits, regular monitoring of exposures against such limits and monitoring of the financial
                        stability of significant customers and counterparties), ensuring to the extent possible, that customers and
                        counterparties to transactions are of sound credit worthiness. Such monitoring is used in assessing receivables
                        for impairment.

                        Risk is also minimised through investing surplus funds in financial institutions that maintain a high credit rating,
                        or in entities that the Board has otherwise assessed as being financially sound. Where the Group is unable to
                        ascertain a satisfactory credit risk profile in relation to a customer or counterparty, the risk may be further
                        managed through title retention clauses over goods or obtaining security by way of personal or commercial
                        guarantees over assets of sufficient value which can be claimed against in the event of any default.

                        Credit risk exposures

                        The maximum exposure to credit risk by class of recognised financial assets at the end of the reporting period
                        excluding the value of any collateral or other security held, is equivalent to the carrying amount and




For personal use only
                        classification of those financial assets (net of any provisions) as presented in the Consolidated Statement of
                        Financial Position. Credit risk also arises through the provision of financial guarantees, as approved at Board
                        level, given to parties to secure liabilities of certain subsidiaries.

                        The Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk with any single counterparty or group of
                        counterparties. However, the Group has significant credit risk exposures to Australia and New Zealand given the
                        substantial operations in these regions. Details with respect to credit risk of trade and other receivables are
                        provided in Note 2.1.2a. The Group’s exposure to credit risk is minimised given a significant portion of sales are
                        paid for at the time of purchase.

                        Management has assessed that trade and other receivables are either not past due or are considered to be of
                        good credit rating. Aggregates of such amounts are detailed in Note 2.1.2a.

                        Cash and cash equivalents

                        Credit and risk related to balances with banks and other financial institutions is managed by management.

                        The Group held cash and cash equivalents of $36.4 million as at 30 June 2026 and $42.1 million as at 30 June
                        2025. The cash and cash equivalents are held with bank and financial institution counterparties, which are rated
                        AA- to A-, based on S&P Global Ratings.

                        With respect to credit risk, the overwhelming majority of the Group’s sales are on cash or cash equivalent terms
                        with settlement within 2 business days.

                        Impairment of cash and cash equivalents has been measured on a 12-month expected loss basis and reflects the
                        short maturities of the exposures. The Group considers that its cash and cash equivalents have low credit risk
                        based on the external credit ratings of the counterparties.

                        The Group uses a similar approach for assessment of expected credit losses (ECLs) for cash and cash
                        equivalents to those used for debt securities.

                        No impairment allowance was recognised during FY26 (FY25: Nil).




                                                                                                                                         57
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        Liquidity risk

                        Liquidity risk arises from the possibility that the Group might encounter difficulty in settling its debts or
                        otherwise meeting its obligations related to financial liabilities. The Group manages this risk through the
                        following mechanisms:

                            ●​ preparing forward-looking cash flow analysis in relation to its operating, investing and financing
                               activities;
                            ●​ using derivatives that are only traded in highly liquid markets;
                            ●​ monitoring undrawn credit facilities;
                            ●​ maintaining a reputable credit profile;
                            ●​ managing credit risk related to financial assets; and
                            ●​ only investing surplus cash with major financial institutions.

                        The table below reflects an undiscounted contractual maturity analysis for financial liabilities.




For personal use only
                        Cash flows realised from financial assets reflect management’s expectation as to the timing of realisation.

                        Actual timing may therefore differ from that disclosed. The timing of cash flows presented in the table to settle
                        financial liabilities reflects the earliest contractual settlement dates.

                        Financial liability and financial asset maturity analysis

                        As at 30 June                                 WITHIN 1 YEAR        1 TO 5 YEARS        OVER 5 YEARS         TOTAL
                        Consolidated Group                Note          2026       2025      2026     2025 2026         2025      2026       2025
                                                                       $'000      $'000     $'000    $'000 $'000       $'000     $'000      $'000

                        Financial liabilities due for payment
                        Trade and other payables           2.1.3a    (95,096)   (87,976)         -         -       -       -   (95,096)   (87,976)
                        Lease liabilities                  2.1.3b     (8,941)    (9,011)   (9,977)   (9,473)       -   (247)   (18,918)    (18,731)
                        Other financial liabilities                   (4,366)    (3,918)         -         -       -       -    (4,366)     (3,918)
                        Total Expected outflows                     (108,403) (100,905)    (9,977)   (9,473)       -   (247) (118,380)    (110,625)
                        Financial assets - cash flows realisable
                        Cash and cash equivalents                     36,431     42,145          -         -       -       -    36,431      42,145
                        Trade and other receivables        2.1.2a      8,423       8,991         -         -       -       -     8,423       8,991
                        Other financial assets                         4,352      16,862         -         -       -       -     4,352      16,862
                        Total anticipated inflows                     49,206     67,998          -         -       -       -    49,206      67,998
                        Net (Outflow) on financial
                        instruments                                  (59,197)   (32,907)   (9,977) (9,473)         -   (247)   (69,174)   (42,627)

                        ​
                        Market risk

                        a. Interest rate risk

                        Exposure to interest rate risk arises on financial assets and financial liabilities recognised at the end of the
                        reporting period whereby a future change in interest rates will affect future cash flows or the fair value of fixed
                        rate financial instruments. The Group is also exposed to earnings volatility on floating rate instruments.

                        The financial instruments that primarily expose the Group to interest rate risk are borrowings and cash and cash
                        equivalents.


                                                                                                                                                58
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        b. Foreign exchange risk

                        Exposure to foreign exchange risk may result in the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument
                        fluctuating due to movement in foreign exchange rates of currencies in which the Group holds financial
                        instruments which are other than the functional currency of the Group.

                        With instruments being held by overseas operations, fluctuations in the US dollar may impact on the Group’s
                        financial results unless those exposures are appropriately hedged.

                        Foreign currency transactions

                        Functional and presentation currency

                        The functional currency of each of the Group’s entities is measured using the currency of the primary economic
                        environment in which that entity operates. The consolidated financial statements are presented in Australian
                        dollars, which is the parent entity’s functional currency.




For personal use only
                        Foreign exchange forward contracts

                        The Group has open foreign exchange forward contracts at the end of the reporting period relating to highly
                        probable forecast transactions and recognised financial assets and financial liabilities. These contracts commit
                        the Group to buy and sell specified amounts of foreign currencies in the future at specified exchange rates. It is
                        the Group’s policy to manage pricing of its products (with exception of ageing and obsolete inventory)
                        according to specified target Gross Margins, rather than to sacrifice Gross Margin to drive sales volumes. In an
                        environment where the Australian dollar may be declining, in particular, relative to the United States dollar, the
                        Group’s ability to price Third-Party branded international products competitively in comparison with other
                        Australian retailers deteriorates (to the extent that those retailers have not adjusted retail prices). As a result,
                        lower volumes of Third-Party branded international products are generally sold during periods of sharp decline in
                        the Australian dollar, leading to lower revenues in that product segment. The reverse occurs in periods in which
                        there is a sharp increase in the Australian dollar, while there has historically been a neutral revenue impact in
                        periods in which the currency is relatively stable, whether that is at high or low levels.

                        The following table summarises the notional amounts of the Group’s commitments in relation to foreign
                        exchange forward contracts. The notional amounts do not represent amounts exchanged by the transaction
                        counterparties and are therefore not a measure of the exposure of the Group through the use of the contracts.



                                                                                       NOTIONAL AMOUNTS AVERAGE EXCHANGE RATE
                        Consolidated Group                                                30 June     30 June             2026        2025
                                                                                             2026        2025                $           $
                                                                                            $'000       $'000
                        Buy USD/sell AUD
                        Settlement                         - less than 6 months             4,410       16,591             0.69        0.65
                                                           - 6 months to 1 year                  -           -                -           -

                        The fair value of foreign exchange contracts was recognised as a liability of $33 thousand as at 30 June 2026
                        (30 June 2025: a liability of $223 thousand).




                                                                                                                                         59
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        Sensitivity analysis

                        The following table illustrates sensitivities to the Group's exposures to changes in exchange rates. The table
                        indicates the impact of how profit and equity values reported at the end of the reporting period would have
                        been affected by changes in the relevant risk variable that management considers to be reasonably possible.

                        These sensitivities assume that the movement in a particular variable is independent of other variables.

                                                                                                                         CONSOLIDATED GROUP

                                                                                                                          Profit              Equity
                                                                                                                          $'000               $'000
                        Year ended 30 June 2026
                        +/-10bps in foreign exchange rates                                                                     4                  4
                        Year ended 30 June 2025
                        +/-10bps in foreign exchange rates                                                                    17                  17




For personal use only
                        ​
                        The Group, through its hedging of foreign exchange using forward contracts, reduces its exposure to foreign
                        exchange risk by locking in the exchange rate with the bank on deal date. Any movement in interest rates has
                        been deemed to be immaterial.

                        Fair values

                        The Group measures some of its assets and liabilities at fair value on either a recurring or non-recurring basis,
                        depending on the requirements of the applicable Accounting Standards.

                        Fair value estimation

                        The carrying value of financial assets and financial liabilities are not materially different to their fair values.

                        Financial Instruments

                        Initial recognition and measurement

                        Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the entity becomes a party to the contractual
                        provisions to the instrument. For financial assets, this is equivalent to the date that the entity commits itself to
                        either the purchase or sale of the asset (i.e. trade date accounting is adopted).

                        Financial instruments are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs, except where the instrument is
                        classified “at fair value through profit or loss”, in which case transaction costs are expensed to profit or loss
                        immediately.

                        Classification and subsequent measurement

                        Financial instruments are subsequently measured at fair value, or at amortised cost using the effective interest
                        method.

                        Amortised cost is calculated as the amount at which the financial asset or financial liability is measured at initial
                        recognition less principal repayments and any reduction for impairment, and adjusted for any cumulative
                        amortisation of the difference between that initial amount and the maturity amount calculated using the
                        effective interest method.



                                                                                                                                                 60
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        The effective interest method is used to allocate interest income or interest expense over the relevant period
                        and is equivalent to the rate that discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts (including fees,
                        transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) over the expected life (or when this cannot be reliably
                        predicted, the contractual term) of the financial instrument to the net carrying amount of the financial asset or
                        financial liability. Revisions to expected future net cash flows will necessitate an adjustment to the carrying
                        amount with a consequential recognition of an income or expense item in profit or loss.

                        Financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) are initially recognised at fair
                        value and thereafter carried at fair value.

                        a. Financial assets at amortised cost

                        Financial assets at amortised cost are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that
                        are not quoted in an active market and are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Gains or losses are
                        recognised in profit or loss through the amortisation process and when the financial asset is derecognised.




For personal use only
                        b. Financial assets/financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

                        Financial assets/financial liabilities relating to foreign exchange forward contracts are measured at fair value and
                        fair value changes are recognised in profit or loss.

                        c. Financial liabilities at amortised cost

                        Non-derivative financial liabilities other than financial guarantees are subsequently measured at amortised cost.
                        Gains or losses are recognised in profit or loss when the financial liability is derecognised.

                        Derivative instruments

                        The Group enters into forward contracts to manage the cash flow risk attached to inventory purchased in
                        foreign currency. The Group has elected not to adopt hedge accounting, with any period movements in the fair
                        value of the derivative contract taken to the income statement.

                        Impairment

                        The Group recognises loss allowances for expected credit loss (ECL) on financial assets measured at amortised
                        cost.

                        The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

                        When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition
                        and when estimating ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and
                        available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis,
                        based on the Group’s historical experience as well as an informed credit assessment whilst including forward
                        looking information.

                        The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is more than 90 days
                        past due.

                        The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations
                        to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions.

                        Lifetime ECLs are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial
                        instrument.


                                                                                                                                             61
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        12-month ECLs are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are possible within the 12 months
                        after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the instrument is less than 12 months).

                        The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the
                        Group is exposed to credit risk.

                        Measurement of ECLs

                        ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of all
                        cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract and
                        the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).

                        ECLs are discounted at the effective interest rate of the financial asset.

                        Credit-impaired financial assets




For personal use only
                        At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether financial assets carried at amortised cost are
                        credit-impaired. A financial asset is ‘credit-impaired’ when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on
                        the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

                        Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable data:

                            ●​ significant financial difficulty of the borrower or issuer;
                            ●​ a breach of contract such as a default or being more than 90 days past due;
                            ●​ the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not consider
                               otherwise;
                            ●​ it is probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or
                            ●​ the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties.

                        Presentation of allowance for ECL in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

                        Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount
                        of the assets.

                        Write-off

                        The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off when the Group has no reasonable expectations of
                        recovering a financial asset in its entirety or a portion thereof. For individual customers, the Group has a policy
                        of writing off the gross carrying amount when the financial asset is 180 days past due based on historical
                        experience of recoveries of similar assets. For corporate customers, the Group individually makes an assessment
                        with respect to the timing and amount of write-off based on whether there is a reasonable expectation of
                        recovery. The Group expects no significant recovery from the amount written off. However, financial assets that
                        are written off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the Group’s procedures
                        for recovery of amounts due.




                                                                                                                                        62
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        The Group holds the following financial assets and financial liabilities at reporting date:

                                                                                                                      CONSOLIDATED GROUP

                                                                                                               30 June 2026      30 June 2025
                                                                                                Note                  $'000             $'000
                        Financial assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                      36,431          42,145
                        Trade and other receivables                                                                      8,423          8,991
                        Other financial assets                                                                            396               125
                        Total financial assets                                                                        45,250           51,261
                        Financial liabilities
                        Financial liabilities at amortised cost:
                        Trade and other payables                                                                      95,096           87,976




For personal use only
                        Lease liability - current                                                                        8,221          8,191
                        Lease liability - non-current                                                                    9,140          8,464
                        Financial liabilities                                                                            4,366          4,141
                        Total financial liabilities                                                                   116,823         108,772

                        Fair value measurements

                        The Group measures and recognises the assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis after initial
                        recognition of the foreign exchange forward contracts.

                        The Group does not subsequently measure any liabilities at fair value on a non-recurring basis.

                        a. Fair value hierarchy

                        AASB 13 Fair Value Measurements requires the disclosure of fair value information by level of the fair value
                        hierarchy, which categorises fair value measurements into one of three possible levels based on the lowest level
                        that an input that is significant to the measurement can be categorised into as follows:

                        Level 1                                       Level 2                                  Level 3
                        Measurements based on quoted prices             Measurements based on inputs other Measurements based on
                        (unadjusted) in active markets for              than quoted prices included in Level 1 unobservable inputs for
                        identical assets or liabilities that the entity that are observable for the asset or      the asset or liability.
                        can access at the measurement date.             liability, either directly or indirectly.

                        The Group buys inventories that are purchased in foreign currencies. In order to protect against exchange rate
                        movements and to manage the inventory purchases process, the Group has entered into forward exchange
                        contracts to purchase currencies. The Group has elected not to adopt hedge accounting, with any period
                        movements in the fair value of the derivative contract taken to the income statement.

                        The fair value of forward exchange contracts is measured at fair value using the Level 2 method. Forward
                        exchange contracts are measured based on observable spot exchange rates, the yield curves of the USD as well
                        as the currency basis spread between the currencies.

                        The fair values of assets and liabilities that are not traded in an active market are determined using one or more
                        valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise, to the extent possible, the use of observable market
                        data. If all significant inputs required to measure fair value are observable, the asset or liability is included in

                                                                                                                                             63
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        Level 2. If one or more significant inputs are not based on observable market data, the asset or liability is
                        included in Level 3.

                        The table below sets out the fair value of foreign exchange contracts (level 2) as at 30 June 2026. This
                        represents the amount ‘in/(out) of the money’ on financial instruments as at the reporting dates.

                                                                                                                                 CONSOLIDATED GROUP

                                                                                                                 30 June 2026                    30 June 2025
                        Fair Value                                                                                      $'000                           $'000
                        Foreign exchange contracts                                                                          (33)                         (223)

                        ​
                        b. Disclosed fair value measurements

                        The carrying value of financial assets and liabilities are not materially different to their fair values.




For personal use only
                        3.3 Issued Capital and Reserves

                        a. Ordinary Shares

                                                                                                                                 CONSOLIDATED GROUP

                                                                                      30 June 2026    30 June 2025        30 June 2026           30 June 2025
                                                                                             $'000           $'000                 No.                    No.

                        Fully paid ordinary shares                                         248,372           264,730         94,864,551            99,314,782


                        Ordinary Shares participate in Dividends and the proceeds on winding-up of the parent entity in proportion to
                        the number of Shares held. They carry one vote per share, with each shareholder entitled to one vote on a show
                        of hands or one vote per share in a poll. The Company does not have authorised capital or par value for its issued
                        shares.

                        b. Movement in Ordinary Shares

                        Details                                                                          Date    No. of shares     Issue price               $
                        Balance                                                                 30 June 2025       99,314,782                     264,729,781
                        Shares issued to eligible employees under an incentive plan           25 August 2025           307,381          $4.97        1,527,427
                        Shares issued to eligible employees under an incentive plan         24 November 2025             3,638          $3.02           10,986
                        Dividend reinvestment plan                                          28 November 2025           314,169          $3.77        1,184,417
                        On-market share buy-back                                            22 December 2025       (1,154,892)          $3.29      (3,795,564)
                        Balance                                                             31 December 2025      98,785,078                      263,657,047
                        On-market share buy-back                                              12 January 2026        (929,131)          $3.74      (3,479,228)
                        Shares issued to eligible employees under an incentive plan          23 February 2026          80,084           $3.64          291,196
                        On-market share buy-back                                               25 March 2026       (1,614,786)          $3.89      (6,280,431)
                        On-market share buy-back                                                 13 April 2026      (519,658)           $3.60      (1,868,593)
                        On-market share buy-back                                                24 April 2026        (319,347)          $4.03       (1,287,226)
                        Dividend reinvestment plan                                              30 April 2026          139,189          $3.88         540,053
                        On-market share buy-back                                                22 June 2026        (353,728)           $4.14      (1,463,300)
                        On-market share buy-back                                                30 June 2026        (403,150)           $4.31       (1,737,685)
                        Balance                                                                 30 June 2026      94,864,551                      248,371,833



                                                                                                                                                            64
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        c. Merger reserve

                        The acquisition of Kogan Operations Holdings Pty Ltd by Kogan.com Ltd has been treated as a common control
                        transaction at book value for accounting purposes, and no fair value adjustments have been made.
                        Consequently, the difference between the fair value of issued capital and the book value of net assets acquired
                        was recorded within a merger reserve of $131,816,250.

                        d. Share-based payments reserve

                        The reserve of $57,712,529 (FY25: $55,034,134) has been used to recognise the value of equity-based
                        compensation provided to employees as part of their remuneration. The Group measured the cost of
                        equity-based compensation with employees by reference to the fair value of the Ordinary Shares at the date at
                        which they were granted. The fair value has been determined using a discounted cash flow valuation model,
                        taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the equity instruments were granted, as discussed in
                        Note 5.2.




For personal use only
                        e. Share buy-back

                        The Group commenced an on-market share buy-back program in May 2023. During FY26, the Group purchased
                        and cancelled $19.9 million of shares (FY25: $11.2 million), resulting in a reduction of Issued Capital.

                        f. Capital management

                        Management controls the capital of the Group in order to maintain a sustainable debt to equity ratio, generate
                        long-term shareholder value and ensure that the Group can fund its operations and continue as a going concern.

                        The Group’s debt and capital include ordinary share capital and financial liabilities, supported by financial assets.

                        The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.

                        Management effectively manages the Group’s capital by assessing the Group’s financial risks and adjusting its
                        capital structure in response to changes in these risks and in the market. These responses include the
                        management of debt levels, distributions to shareholders and share issues.

                        There have been no changes in the strategy adopted by management to control the capital of the Group since
                        the prior year.

                        3.4 Dividends

                        During FY26, the Board declared and paid the FY25 Final Dividend (at 7.0 cents per Ordinary Share) and the
                        FY26 Interim Dividend (at 8.0 cents per Ordinary Share). The Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) applied to the
                        Dividends at a 2.5% discount to the 5-day volume weighted average price of shares sold on the ASX over the
                        five trading days immediately preceding the relevant Record Date.




                                                                                                                                           65
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        Details of the Dividends along with the applicable DRP is below.

                                                                                                                CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                  2026            2025
                                                                                                                 $'000           $'000
                        Dividends paid during the year                                                           14,742         14,556
                        Dividend reinvestment plan                                                               (1,724)        (2,196)
                        Dividends paid net of dividend reinvestment plan                                         13,018         12,360

                        a. Recognition and measurement

                        Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer at the
                        discretion of the entity before or at the end of the financial year but not distributed at balance date.

                        The FY26 Final Dividend had not been declared at the reporting date and therefore is not reflected in the




For personal use only
                        consolidated financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2026 and will be recognised in subsequent
                        financial reports.


                                                                                     2026           2026          2025            2025
                        Dividends                                                    Final        Interim         Final         Interim
                        Dividends per Share (in cents)                                  8.0           8.0           7.0             7.0
                        Franking percentage                                          100%           100%         68.6%           100%
                        Payment date                                         30 Nov 2026      30 Apr 2026   28 Nov 2025    30 Apr 2025
                        Dividend record date                                   11 Sep 2026    13 Mar 2026   12 Sep 2025    14 Mar 2025

                        b. Franking credits

                        The franking account balance as at 30 June 2026 is $6,230,064 (2025: $6,963,660).

                        3.5 Earnings per Share

                        a. Basic earnings per share

                                                                                                                CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                  2026            2025
                        Net profit/(loss) for the reporting period                                            11,166,081   (39,465,429)
                        Net profit/(loss) for the reporting period used in calculating EPS                    11,166,081   (39,465,429)
                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares of the entity                             98,174,565    101,023,056
                        Basic Earnings per Share                                                                    0.11         (0.39)




                                                                                                                                    66
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        b. Diluted earnings per share

                                                                                                                        CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                          2026             2025
                        Net profit/(loss) for the reporting period                                                    11,166,081    (39,465,429)
                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares of the entity on issue                            98,174,565     101,023,056
                        Adjustments to reflect potential dilution for Performance Rights & Options                    1,852,459                -
                        Diluted weighted average number of Ordinary Shares of the entity                            100,027,024     101,023,056
                        Diluted Earnings per Share                                                                          0.11          (0.39)


                        SECTION 4: GROUP STRUCTURE

                        4.1 Controlled Entities




For personal use only
                        a. Information about Principal Subsidiaries

                        The subsidiaries listed below have share capital consisting solely of Ordinary Shares or, in the case of Kogan
                        Technologies Unit Trust, Ordinary Units, which are held directly by the Group. Kogan.com Holdings Pty Ltd is the
                        Trustee of the Kogan Technologies Unit Trust. The Trustee and the Trust are wholly-owned entities within the
                        Group. The proportion of ownership interests held equals the voting rights held by the Group. Each subsidiary’s
                        principal place of business is also its country of incorporation.

                                                                                                        OWNERSHIP INTEREST HELD BY THE GROUP


                                                                                            Principal place of     30 June 2026    30 June 2025
                        Name of subsidiary                                                  business                          %               %
                        Kogan Mobile Operations Pty Ltd
                        (formerly Kogan Mobile Australia Pty Ltd)                           Australia                       100             100
                        Kogan Mobile Pty Ltd                                                Australia                       100             100
                        Kogan Trading Pty Ltd                                               Australia                       100             100
                        Kogan International Holdings Pty Ltd                                Australia                       100             100
                        Kogan HK Limited                                                    Hong Kong                       100             100
                        Kogan HR Pty Ltd                                                    Australia                       100             100
                        Kogan Travel Pty Ltd                                                Australia                       100             100
                        Dick Smith IP Holdings Pty Ltd
                        (formerly Kogan Technologies UK Pty Ltd)                            Australia                       100             100
                        Online Business Number 1 Pty Ltd                                    Australia                       100             100
                        Kogan Technologies Unit Trust                                       Australia                       100             100
                        Kogan.com Holdings Pty Ltd                                          Australia                       100             100
                        Kogan Operations Holdings Pty Ltd                                   Australia                       100             100
                        Kogan Superannuation Pty Ltd                                        Australia                       100             100
                        Kogan Trading US Inc*                                               United States                   100                -
                        Matt Blatt Pty Ltd                                                  Australia                       100             100
                        Mighty Ape Limited                                                  New Zealand                     100             100
                        Mighty Ape Australia Pty Ltd                                        Australia                       100             100
                        Kogan.com Limited Employee Share Trust                              Australia                       100             100

                        *Kogan Trading US Inc was incorporated in June 2026.

                                                                                                                                             67
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        b. Significant restrictions

                        There are no significant restrictions over the Group’s ability to access or use assets, and settle liabilities, of the
                        Group.

                        4.2 Deed of Cross Guarantee

                        A deed of cross guarantee between Kogan.com Ltd and its entities listed above was enacted during FY22 and
                        relief was obtained from preparing individual financial statements for the Group under ASIC Corporations
                        (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785. Under the deed, Kogan.com Ltd guarantees to support the
                        liabilities and obligations of its subsidiaries listed above. As its entities are a party to the deed, the income
                        statement and balance sheet information of the combined class-ordered group is equivalent to the consolidated
                        information presented in this financial report.

                        4.3 Parent Entity Disclosures




For personal use only
                        The following information has been extracted from the books and records of the parent (Kogan.com Ltd) and
                        has been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards.

                                                                                                               30 June 2026     30 June 2025
                                                                                                                      $'000            $'000
                        Statement of Financial Position
                        ASSETS
                        Current assets                                                                                 4,119            3,083
                        Non-current assets                                                                           216,974          194,019
                        TOTAL ASSETS                                                                                 221,093          197,102
                        LIABILITIES
                        Current liabilities                                                                            2,789            1,564
                        Non-current liabilities                                                                       75,290           43,813
                        TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                                            78,079            45,377
                        NET ASSETS                                                                                   143,014          151,725
                        EQUITY
                        Share capital                                                                               248,372          264,730
                        Merger reserve                                                                              (131,816)        (131,816)
                        Share-based payments reserve                                                                  57,713          55,034
                        Accumulated losses                                                                          (31,255)         (36,223)
                        TOTAL EQUITY                                                                                 143,014          151,725


                        Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                        Total (loss)/profit                                                                           (2,113)             766
                        Total comprehensive (loss)/income                                                             (2,113)             766


                        There are no contingent liabilities or contractual commitments by the parent entity as at 30 June 2026 (2025:
                        nil).




                                                                                                                                           68
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        4.4 Related Parties

                        a. The Group’s main related parties are as follows:

                        (i) Entities exercising control over the Group:

                        The ultimate parent entity that exercised control over the Group at year-end was Kogan.com Ltd, which is
                        incorporated in Australia.

                        (ii) Key Management Personnel:

                        Any person(s) having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the
                        entity, directly or indirectly, including any Director (whether executive or otherwise) of the entity, are
                        considered Key Management Personnel (refer to 5.1).

                        (iii) Entities subject to significant influence by the Group:




For personal use only
                        An entity that has the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of an entity, but does
                        not have control over those policies, is an entity which holds significant influence. Significant influence may be
                        gained by share ownership, statute or agreement. There are no such entities at year end (2025: nil).

                        (iv) Other related parties:

                        Other related parties include entities controlled by the ultimate parent entity and entities over which Key
                        Management Personnel have joint control.

                        b. Transactions with related parties:

                        Transactions between related parties are on normal commercial terms and conditions no more favourable than
                        those available to other parties unless otherwise stated.

                        The following transactions occurred with related parties:

                        Kogan Trading Pty Ltd entered into a Logistics Services Agreement with eStore Logistics Pty Ltd (“eStore”), in a
                        prior financial period, in relation to the provision of warehousing, distribution and logistics services by eStore to
                        Kogan Trading Pty Ltd. Ruslan Kogan is a minority Shareholder and Director of eStore. The agreement was
                        entered into on arm’s length terms.

                                                                                                                    CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                      2026             2025
                                                                                                                         $                $
                        Services provided by eStore warehousing                                                   2,126,589        1,684,081
                        Amounts payable to eStore as at 30 June                                                    240,558           191,926




                                                                                                                                          69
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        SECTION 5: EMPLOYEE REWARD AND RECOGNITION

                        5.1 Key Management Personnel Compensation

                        As deemed under AASB 124 Related Party Disclosures, Key Management Personnel (KMP) include each of the
                        Directors, both Executive and Non-Executive, and those members who have authority and responsibility for
                        planning, directing and controlling activities within the business.

                        A summary of the KMP compensation is set out in the following table. Refer to the Remuneration Report for full
                        details.

                                                                                                                  CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                    2026            2025
                                                                                                                       $               $
                        Cash Salary                                                                             2,168,873       2,123,988




For personal use only
                        Short-term incentives                                                                   1,438,778                -
                        Post-employment                                                                           60,000           72,559
                        Long-term benefits                                                                       130,847          155,718
                        Equity-based compensation                                                               1,214,950        849,066
                                                                                                                5,013,448        3,201,331


                        ​
                        5.2 Incentive Plans

                        Kogan.com Ltd has adopted an Equity Incentive Plan (EIP) to assist in the motivation and retention of
                        management and selected team members.

                        The Group has established incentive arrangements subsequent to listing on the ASX to assist in the attraction,
                        motivation and retention of the executive team and other selected team members. To align the interests of its
                        employees and the goals of the Group, the Directors have decided the remuneration packages of the executive
                        team and other selected team members will consist of the following components:

                            ●​ fixed remuneration (inclusive of superannuation);
                            ●​ short-term cash-based incentives; and
                            ●​ equity based long-term incentives.

                        The Group has established the EIP, which is designed to align the interests of eligible employees more closely
                        with the interests of Shareholders in the listed entity post 7 July 2016. Under the EIP, eligible employees may be
                        offered Restricted Shares, Options or Performance Rights/Rights which may be subject to vesting conditions.
                        The Group may offer additional long-term incentive schemes to senior management and other employees over
                        time.

                        Recognition and measurement

                        a. Equity-settled transactions

                        The charge related to equity-settled transactions with team members is measured by reference to the fair value
                        of the equity instruments at the date they are granted, using an appropriate valuation model selected according
                        to the terms and conditions of the grant. The fair value is determined using an appropriate valuation method.
                        Judgement is applied in determining the most appropriate valuation method and in determining the inputs.
                        Third-party experts are engaged to advise in this area where necessary. Judgements are also applied in relation


                                                                                                                                       70
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        to estimations of the number of rights which are expected to vest, by reference to historic leaver rates and
                        expected outcomes under relevant performance conditions.

                        The Group issues equity-settled share-based payments to certain team members, whereby team members
                        render services in exchange for Shares or Rights over Shares of the Parent Company.

                        Equity-settled awards are measured at fair value at the date of grant. The cost of these transactions is
                        recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income and
                        credited to equity on a straight-line basis over the vesting period after allowing for an estimate of shares that
                        will eventually vest. The level of vesting is reviewed annually and the charge adjusted to reflect actual and
                        estimated levels of vesting.

                        Where an equity-settled share-based payment scheme is modified during the vesting period, an additional
                        charge is recognised over the remainder of that vesting period to the extent that the fair value of the revised
                        scheme at the modification date exceeds the fair value of the original scheme at the modification date. Where
                        the fair value of the revised scheme does not exceed the fair value of the original scheme, the Group continues




For personal use only
                        to recognise the charge required under the conditions of the original scheme. Individuals must be employed by
                        the Group at the time of vesting, and not in their notice period, to be entitled to the equity incentives.

                        b. Cash-settled transactions

                        The amount payable to team members in respect of cash-settled share-based payments is recognised as an
                        expense, with a corresponding increase in liabilities, over the period in which the team members become
                        unconditionally entitled to the payment. The liability is measured at each reporting date and at settlement date
                        based on the fair value, with any changes in the liability being recognised in profit or loss.

                        c. Expense recognised in profit or loss

                        During the period the Group recognised a share-based payment expense of $4,223,415 (2025: $2,269,820)
                        which relates to Performance Rights and Options granted during the year or in previous years.

                        The Group has recognised an expense of $2.1 million in relation to cash-based short-term incentives for both
                        KMP and non-KMP employees in 2026 (2025: nil).

                        Long term incentives - Equity

                        Disclosure of outstanding Options

                        Grant date                 Vesting date                  Expiry date            Exercise price      No. of shares
                        30 Jun 2022                27 Feb 2025                   27 Feb 2027                    $3.78             15,000
                        30 Jun 2022                27 Feb 2026                   28 Feb 2028                    $3.78             15,000
                        30 Jun 2022                27 Feb 2027                   28 Feb 2029                    $3.78             15,000
                        4 Oct 2022                 1 Sep 2024                    1 Sep 2026                     $3.68            178,773
                        4 Oct 2022                 31 Dec 2024                   31 Dec 2026                    $3.68             72,233
                        13 Jan 2023                30 Jun 2024                   30 Jun 2026                    $3.68               1,359
                        26 Sep 2023                30 Jun 2025                   30 Jun 2027                    $4.35             16,635
                        Total share options                                                                                     314,000




                                                                                                                                       71
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        Disclosure of outstanding Performance rights

                                                                                     Share price at grant
                             Grant date              Vesting date      Expiry date                   date   No. of shares

                           22 Aug 2023                30 Jun 2026      30 Jun 2026                 $5.07           7,500
                            26 Sep 2023               30 Jun 2026      30 Jun 2026                 $5.10          26,441
                            26 Sep 2023               31 Dec 2026      31 Dec 2026                 $5.10           4,598

                            21 Dec 2023               30 Jun 2026      30 Jun 2026                 $3.21         261,014
                            21 Dec 2023               30 Jun 2026      30 Jun 2026                 $5.10           61,165
                            6 May 2024                30 Jun 2026      30 Jun 2026                 $4.71          13,000
                            28 Jun 2024               30 Jun 2026      30 Jun 2026                 $4.17           3,796

                            30 Jun 2024               31 Dec 2026      31 Dec 2026                 $4.17          37,667
                            30 Jun 2024               31 Dec 2027      31 Dec 2027                 $4.17          37,668




For personal use only
                             17 Jul 2024              30 Jun 2026      30 Jun 2026                 $4.54          72,500
                           28 Aug 2024                30 Jun 2026      30 Jun 2026                 $4.67          55,927
                           28 Aug 2024                30 Jun 2027      30 Jun 2027                 $4.67          19,929
                             1 Oct 2024               31 Dec 2026      31 Dec 2026                 $5.15            1,107
                            19 Dec 2024               30 Jun 2027      30 Jun 2027                 $3.44        598,896
                             1 Apr 2025               30 Jun 2026      30 Jun 2026                 $4.50          14,666
                             1 Apr 2025               31 Dec 2026      31 Dec 2026                 $4.50           3,045
                             1 Apr 2025               30 Jun 2027      30 Jun 2027                 $4.50          14,666
                             1 Apr 2025               31 Dec 2027      31 Dec 2027                 $4.50           3,045
                             1 Apr 2025              30 Jun 2028       30 Jun 2028                 $4.50          14,668
                             17 Jul 2025              30 Jun 2026      30 Jun 2026                 $4.03            1,213
                             17 Jul 2025              31 Dec 2027      31 Dec 2027                 $4.03           6,062
                             17 Jul 2025              31 Dec 2028      31 Dec 2028                 $4.03           6,062
                             17 Jul 2025              31 Dec 2029      31 Dec 2029                 $4.03           6,063
                           25 Aug 2025                30 Jun 2026      30 Jun 2026                 $4.17         197,058
                           25 Aug 2025                31 Dec 2026      31 Dec 2026                 $4.17          36,732
                           25 Aug 2025                30 Jun 2027      30 Jun 2027                 $4.17         138,155
                           25 Aug 2025               30 Jun 2028       30 Jun 2028                 $4.17         134,366
                             2 Oct 2025               30 Jun 2026      30 Jun 2026                 $3.35          66,987
                             2 Oct 2025               30 Jun 2027      30 Jun 2027                 $3.35          66,987
                             2 Oct 2025              30 Jun 2028       30 Jun 2028                 $3.35          66,998
                            3 Nov 2025                30 Jun 2026      30 Jun 2026                 $3.15          83,755
                            3 Nov 2025                30 Jun 2027      30 Jun 2027                 $3.15          83,755
                            3 Nov 2025               30 Jun 2028       30 Jun 2028                 $3.15          83,780
                           24 Nov 2025               30 Jun 2028       30 Jun 2028                 $3.02         765,632
                            20 Jan 2026               31 Dec 2026      31 Dec 2026                 $3.91          17,864
                            20 Jan 2026               30 Jun 2027      30 Jun 2027                 $3.91           7,663


                                                                                                                       72
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                            20 Jan 2026                   31 Dec 2027                 31 Dec 2027                    $3.91              3,814
                            20 Jan 2026                   31 Dec 2028                 31 Dec 2028                    $3.91              6,358
                            20 Jan 2026                   31 Dec 2029                 31 Dec 2029                    $3.91             12,718
                            10 Mar 2026                   31 Dec 2026                 31 Dec 2026                    $3.97             2,030
                             9 Apr 2026                   31 Dec 2026                 31 Dec 2026                    $4.00             11,902
                             9 Apr 2026                   31 Dec 2027                 31 Dec 2027                    $4.00              6,116

                             9 Apr 2026                   31 Dec 2028                 31 Dec 2028                    $4.00              6,795
                             9 Apr 2026                   31 Dec 2029                 31 Dec 2029                    $4.00             13,591
                            23 Jun 2026                   23 Aug 2026                23 Aug 2026                     $4.36              6,641

                          Total shares                                                                                              3,090,395

                        Incentive Plans inputs




For personal use only
                        Disclosure of fair value measurement for Options granted this financial year

                        The fair value of the share-based payment plan has been measured using the Black-Scholes model.

                        The expected volatility for Options granted is based on the daily closing share prices for the years leading up to
                        the options' vesting, as they are anticipated to be exercised immediately upon vesting.

                        No Options issued during the year.

                        ​
                        Disclosure of Rights granted this financial year

                        A brief description of vesting conditions is provided below in relation to Rights granted during the year:

                            ●​ Grants between 17 July 2025 through to 24 November 2025 and grants on 20 January 2026 through to
                               23 June 2026 require individuals to remain employed by the Group at the time of vesting and not being
                               in their notice period; and

                            ●​ 765,632 Rights grants on 24 November 2025 are subject to Total Shareholder Return (TSR)
                               performance conditions, along with the service condition requirement of remaining employed by the
                               Group at the time of vesting and not being in their notice period. The proportion of Rights that vest will
                               be pro-rated from 0 - 100% based on achievement within a range of the TSR performance condition.

                        The fair value per Right granted was estimated at the grant date by taking into account the terms and conditions
                        upon which the Rights were granted and applying the following assumptions:

                                                                                                       17-Jul-25      17-Jul-25     17-Jul-25


                        Pricing model                                                               Black-Scholes Black-Scholes Black-Scholes
                        Number of Performance Rights                                                        1,213        2,425          6,062
                        Dividend yield                                                                     3.72%         3.72%          3.72%
                        Expected life (years)                                                                 1.0            1.5          2.5
                        Share price close on grant date                                                    $4.03         $4.03          $4.03
                        Exercise share price                                                                 $nil            $nil         $nil
                        Fair value of performance rights at grant date (per performance right)             $3.89         $3.82          $3.68


                                                                                                                                           73
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                                                                                                      17-Jul-25        17-Jul-25      25-Aug-25


                        Pricing model                                                             Black-Scholes Black-Scholes Black-Scholes
                        Number of Performance Rights                                                      6,062            6,063         198,803
                        Dividend yield                                                                    3.72%            3.72%           3.60%
                        Expected life (years)                                                                3.5             4.5             0.8
                        Share price close on grant date                                                   $4.03            $4.03            $4.17
                        Exercise share price                                                                $nil             $nil            $nil
                        Fair value of performance rights at grant date (per performance right)            $3.55            $3.42           $4.05




                                                                                                    25-Aug-25         25-Aug-25       25-Aug-25




For personal use only
                        Pricing model                                                             Black-Scholes    Black-Scholes Black-Scholes
                        Number of Performance Rights                                                    158,781          144,496           2,533
                        Dividend yield                                                                   3.60%             3.60%           3.60%
                        Expected life (years)                                                               1.8               2.8            0.4
                        Share price close on grant date                                                   $4.17             $4.17           $4.17
                        Exercise share price                                                               $nil              $nil            $nil
                        Fair value of performance rights at grant date (per performance right)            $3.91            $3.77           $4.12




                                                                                                   25-Aug-25           2-Oct-25         2-Oct-25


                        Pricing model                                                            Black-Scholes     Black-Scholes    Black-Scholes
                        Number of Performance Rights                                                   39,265            95,377           95,377
                        Dividend yield                                                                  3.60%             4.48%            4.48%
                        Expected life (years)                                                              1.4               0.7              1.7
                        Share price close on grant date                                                  $4.17            $3.35            $3.35
                        Exercise share price                                                              $nil              $nil             $nil
                        Fair value of performance rights at grant date (per performance right)          $3.98             $3.24            $3.10




                                                                                                     2-Oct-25           2-Oct-25        2-Oct-25


                        Pricing model                                                            Black-Scholes     Black-Scholes Black-Scholes
                        Number of Performance Rights                                                    95,393            48,775           3,867
                        Dividend yield                                                                  4.48%             4.48%            4.48%
                        Expected life (years)                                                              2.7               0.2             0.4
                        Share price close on grant date                                                  $3.35             $3.35           $3.35
                        Exercise share price                                                               $nil              $nil            $nil

                        Fair value of performance rights at grant date (per performance right)           $2.97              $3.31          $3.29




                                                                                                                                               74
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                                                                                                      3-Nov-25         3-Nov-25        3-Nov-25


                        Pricing model                                                             Black-Scholes Black-Scholes Black-Scholes
                        Number of Performance Rights                                                     83,755           83,755          83,780
                        Dividend yield                                                                   4.76%             4.76%           4.76%
                        Expected life (years)                                                               0.7               1.7             2.7
                        Share price close on grant date                                                   $3.15             $3.15           $3.15
                        Exercise share price                                                                $nil             $nil            $nil

                        Fair value of performance rights at grant date (per performance right)            $3.06            $2.92           $2.78




                                                                                                                      3-Nov-25        24-Nov-25




For personal use only
                        Pricing model                                                                              Black-Scholes    Black-Scholes
                        Number of Performance Rights                                                                       1,196           3,638
                        Dividend yield                                                                                    4.76%            4.97%
                        Expected life (years)                                                                                0.3              0.3
                        Share price close on grant date                                                                    $3.15           $3.02
                        Exercise share price                                                                                $nil             $nil
                        Fair value of performance rights at grant date (per performance right)                            $3.10            $3.02




                                                                                                                      24-Nov-25       24-Nov-25
                        Pricing model                                                                                Monte Carlo     Monte Carlo
                        Number of Performance Rights                                                                     320,497         445,135
                        Dividend yield                                                                                     4.97%           4.97%
                        Expected life (years)                                                                                 2.6             2.6
                        Share price close on grant date                                                                    $3.02           $3.02
                        Exercise share price                                                                                 $nil            $nil
                        Volatility                                                                                       84.98%          84.98%
                        Risk-free rate                                                                                     3.75%           3.75%
                        Fair value of performance rights at grant date (per performance right)                             $1.64           $1.64




                                                                                                   20-Jan-26          20-Jan-26       20-Jan-26

                        Pricing model                                                            Black-Scholes     Black-Scholes Black-Scholes
                        Number of Performance Rights                                                    7,663             17,864           3,814
                        Dividend yield                                                                  2.05%             2.05%            2.05%
                        Expected life (years)                                                              1.4               0.9              1.9
                        Share price close on grant date                                                  $3.91             $3.91            $3.91
                        Exercise share price                                                              $nil               $nil            $nil

                        Fair value of performance rights at grant date (per performance right)          $3.80              $3.84           $3.76




                                                                                                                                               75
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                                                                                                   20-Jan-26      20-Jan-26      20-Jan-26

                        Pricing model                                                            Black-Scholes Black-Scholes Black-Scholes
                        Number of Performance Rights                                                    6,358         12,718          3,104
                        Dividend yield                                                                  2.05%         2.05%           2.05%
                        Expected life (years)                                                              2.9           3.9             0.1
                        Share price close on grant date                                                  $3.91         $3.91           $3.91
                        Exercise share price                                                              $nil          $nil            $nil

                        Fair value of performance rights at grant date (per performance right)          $3.68          $3.61          $3.90




                                                                                                    10-Mar-26     10-Mar-26        9-Apr-26

                        Pricing model                                                            Black-Scholes Black-Scholes Black-Scholes




For personal use only
                        Number of Performance Rights                                                    2,030         2,030           6,795
                        Dividend yield                                                                  2.02%         2.02%           2.00%
                        Expected life (years)                                                              0.1          0.8              2.7
                        Share price close on grant date                                                 $3.97          $3.97          $4.00
                        Exercise share price                                                              $nil          $nil            $nil

                        Fair value of performance rights at grant date (per performance right)          $3.97          $3.91          $3.79




                                                                                                     9-Apr-26      9-Apr-26        9-Apr-26

                        Pricing model                                                            Black-Scholes Black-Scholes Black-Scholes
                        Number of Performance Rights                                                    13,591        11,902           6,116
                        Dividend yield                                                                  2.00%         2.00%           2.00%
                        Expected life (years)                                                              3.7           0.7             1.7
                        Share price close on grant date                                                 $4.00         $4.00           $4.00
                        Exercise share price                                                              $nil          $nil            $nil

                        Fair value of performance rights at grant date (per performance right)          $3.72         $3.94           $3.87




                                                                                                                                  23-Jun-26

                        Pricing model                                                                                          Black-Scholes
                        Number of Performance Rights                                                                                   6,641
                        Dividend yield                                                                                               0.00%
                        Expected life (years)                                                                                            0.2
                        Share price close on grant date                                                                               $4.36
                        Exercise share price                                                                                            $nil
                        Fair value of performance rights at grant date (per performance right)                                        $4.36




                                                                                                                                          76
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        Reconciliation of outstanding Long-term Incentive Plans

                        The following table details the total movement in Options issued by the Group during the year:

                                                                                           LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLANS
                                                                                                       Options
                                                                                       2026                               2025

                                                                                               Weighted                              Weighted
                                                                                                 average                               average
                                                                           No. of shares   exercise price      No. of shares     exercise price
                        Outstanding at beginning of period                     329,000             $3.73            670,632              $7.46
                        Granted during the period                                      -                -                  -                  -
                        Forfeited during the period                                    -                -                  -                  -
                        Exercised during the period                                    -                -                  -                  -




For personal use only
                        Expired during the period                              (15,000)            $3.78           (341,632)            $11.05
                        Outstanding at the end of the period                   314,000             $3.73            329,000              $3.73
                        Due to vest/exercisable at the end of the period       299,000             $3.73            299,000              $3.73
                        Options unvested at the end of the period                15,000            $3.78             30,000              $3.78

                        The following table details the total movement in Performance Rights during the year:

                                                                                                            LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLANS
                                                                                                                 Performance Rights
                                                                                                                 2026                    2025
                                                                                                        No. of shares            No. of shares
                        Outstanding at beginning of period                                                   1,969,761               1,750,502
                        Granted during the period                                                            2,026,874                940,079
                        Exercised during the period                                                           (391,103)             (562,025)
                        Forfeited during the period                                                           (515,137)              (158,795)
                        Expired during the period                                                                     -                      -
                        Outstanding at the end of the period                                                 3,090,395               1,969,761
                        Due to vest/exercisable at the end of the period                                      865,022                 593,390
                        Unvested at the end of the period                                                    2,225,373               1,376,371


                        SECTION 6: OTHER

                        6.1 Subsequent Events

                        The Directors have declared a fully franked final dividend of 8.0 cents per Ordinary Share. The final Dividend was
                        not determined until after the Balance Sheet date and accordingly no provision has been recognised at 30 June
                        2026.

                        The Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) will apply to the Dividends at a 2.5% discount to the 5-day volume
                        weighted average price of shares sold on the ASX over the five trading days immediately preceding the relevant
                        Record Date.

                        There are no other subsequent events post reporting date 30 June 2026.


                                                                                                                                            77
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        6.2 Remuneration of Auditors

                                                                                                              CONSOLIDATED GROUP
                                                                                                                2026           2025
                                                                                                                   $              $
                        Auditing or reviewing the financial statements:
                                                               Ernst & Young (EY)                            426,200        398,000
                                                               KPMG                                                 -         29,699
                        Total remuneration                                                                   426,200         427,699


                        ​
                        6.3 Commitments

                        There were no Commitments as at 30 June 2026 (30 June 2025: nil).




For personal use only
                        6.4 Contingent Liabilities

                        As at 30 June 2026, the Group had bank guarantees of A$1.4 million (30 June 2025: A$1.2 million) and NZ$2.6
                        million (30 June 2025: NZ$2.6 million) with Westpac Banking Corporation in relation to its ordinary course of
                        business. Additionally, the Group had a bank guarantee of NZ$1 million with the Bank of New Zealand (BNZ) (30
                        June 2025: NZ$1 million).

                        6.5 Company Information

                        The registered office of the Company is:​
                        Kogan.com Ltd​
                        Level 5​
                        137 - 139 Bathurst Street​
                        Sydney NSW 2000

                        The principal place of business is:​
                        Kogan.com Ltd​
                        139 Gladstone Street​
                        South Melbourne VIC 3205




                                                                                                                                  78
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                        CONSOLIDATED ENTITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT​
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2026

                        Determination of Tax Residency

                        Section 295(3A) of the Corporations Act 2001 requires that the tax residency of each entity which is included in
                        the Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement (CEDS) be disclosed. In the context of an entity which was an
                        Australian resident, “Australian resident” has the meaning provided in the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997. The
                        determination of tax residency involves judgement as it is highly fact dependent and there are currently several
                        different interpretations that could be adopted, and which could give rise to a different conclusion on residency.

                        In determining tax residency, the consolidated entity has applied the following interpretations:

                        Australian tax residency




For personal use only
                        The Group has applied current legislation, judicial precedent, and regulatory guidance, including having regard
                        to the Commissioner of Taxation’s public guidance in Taxation Ruling TR 2018/5.

                        Foreign tax residency

                        The Group has applied current legislation, judicial precedent, and regulatory guidance.

                        Set out below is relevant information relating to entities that are consolidated in the consolidated financial
                        statements as at the end of the financial year as required by the Corporations Act 2001 (s. 295(3A)(a)).

                        Each entity is a tax resident in the jurisdiction it was formed or incorporated, other than Kogan HK Limited.
                        Kogan HK Limited, though established in Hong Kong, is considered to be an Australian resident company for tax
                        purposes because it carries on a business in Australia, it is centrally managed and controlled in Australia and it
                        has a controlling shareholder that is an Australian resident.




                                                                                                                                       79
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT




                                                                                                   % of share
                                                                                                   capital held
                                                                    Body corporate,   Place                        Australian Jurisdiction
                                                                                                   directly or
                        Entity Name                                 partnership or    incorporated                 or Foreign for Foreign
                                                                                                   indirectly by
                                                                    trust             / formed                     tax resident tax resident
                                                                                                   the body
                                                                                                   corporate
                        Kogan.com Ltd                               Body Corporate    Australia                    Australian   N/A
                        Kogan Trading Pty Ltd                       Body Corporate    Australia     100%           Australian   N/A
                        Kogan Mobile Operations Pty Ltd
                        (formerly Kogan Mobile Australia Pty Ltd)   Body Corporate    Australia     100%           Australian   N/A
                        Kogan Mobile Pty Ltd                        Body Corporate    Australia     100%           Australian   N/A
                        Kogan International Holdings Pty Ltd        Body Corporate    Australia     100%           Australian   N/A
                        Kogan HK Limited                            Body Corporate    Hong Kong     100%           Australian   N/A
                        Kogan HR Pty Ltd                            Body Corporate    Australia     100%           Australian   N/A




For personal use only
                        Kogan Travel Pty Ltd                        Body Corporate    Australia     100%           Australian   N/A
                        Dick Smith IP Holdings Pty Ltd
                        (formerly Kogan Technologies UK Pty Ltd) Body Corporate       Australia     100%           Australian   N/A
                        Online Business Number 1 Pty Ltd            Body Corporate    Australia     100%           Australian   N/A
                        Kogan Technologies Unit Trust               Trust             Australia     N/A            Australian   N/A
                        Kogan.com Holdings Pty Ltd                  Body Corporate    Australia     100%           Australian   N/A
                        Kogan Operations Holdings Pty Ltd           Body Corporate    Australia     100%           Australian   N/A
                        Kogan Superannuation Pty Ltd                Body Corporate    Australia     100%           Australian   N/A
                        Matt Blatt Pty Ltd                          Body Corporate    Australia     100%           Australian   N/A
                        Mighty Ape Limited                          Body Corporate    New Zealand 100%             Foreign      New Zealand
                        Mighty Ape Australia Pty Ltd                Body Corporate    Australia     100%           Australian   N/A
                        Kogan Trading US Inc                        Body Corporate    United States 100%           Foreign      United States




                                                                                                                                           80
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | DIRECTOR’S DECLARATION




                        Director’s Declaration
                           1.​ In the opinion of the Directors of Kogan.com Ltd (‘the Company’):
                                    a.​ the consolidated financial statements and notes that are set out on pages 32 to 78 and the
                                        Remuneration report in pages 17 to 30 in the Directors’ report, are in accordance with the
                                        Corporations Act 2001, including:
                                            i.​ giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2026 and of its
                                                performance and its cash flows, for the financial year ended on that date; and
                                           ii.​ complying with Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001; and
                                    b.​ the Consolidated entity disclosure statement as at 30 June 2026 set out on pages 79 to 80 is
                                        true and correct; and
                                    c.​ there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and
                                        when they become due and payable.
                           2.​ There are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company and the group entities identified in Note 4.1
                               will be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are or may become subject to by virtue of




For personal use only
                               the Deed of Cross Guarantee between the Company and those group entities pursuant to ASIC
                               Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785.
                           3.​ The Directors draw attention to the Basis of Preparation note to the consolidated financial statements,
                               which includes a statement of compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards.
                           4.​ This declaration has been made after receiving the declarations required to be made to the Directors in
                               accordance with section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 from the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
                               Financial Officer for the financial year ended 30 June 2026.

                        Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors:




                        David Shafer​
                        Executive Director




                        Melbourne, 24 August 2026




                                                                                                                                        81
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




                        Independent Auditor’s Report




For personal use only




                                                                       82
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




For personal use only




                                                                       83
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




For personal use only




                                                                       84
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




For personal use only




                                                                       85
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




For personal use only




                                                                       86
                        KOGAN.COM LTD | CORPORATE DIRECTORY




                        Corporate Directory
                        COMPANY SECRETARY

                        Belinda Cleminson, Confidant Partners



                        PRINCIPAL REGISTERED OFFICE

                        KOGAN.COM LTD​
                        c/o Confidant Partners​
                        Level 5​
                        137 - 139 Bathurst Street​
                        Sydney NSW 2000




For personal use only
                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS

                        KOGAN.COM LTD​
                        139 Gladstone Street​
                        South Melbourne VIC 3205​
                        +61 3 6285 8572



                        LOCATION OF SHARE REGISTRY

                        AUTOMIC GROUP​
                        Suite 5 Level 12​
                        530 Collins Street​
                        Melbourne VIC 3000​
                        1300 288 664



                        STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING

                        Kogan.com Ltd (KGN) shares are listed on the ASX.



                        AUDITORS

                        Ernst & Young​
                        8 Exhibition Street​
                        Melbourne VIC 3000




                                                                            87
For personal use only
