Website: www.sbpgroup.com




                            Interim Report

                            2026
                                        Corporate Information
LEGAL NAME OF THE COMPANY                     AUDIT COMMITTEE
Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited                Mr. Lu Zhengfei (Chairman)
                                              Ms. Lu Hong
STOCK CODE                                    Dr. Li Kwok Tung Donald
                                              Dr. Chen Lieping
1177                                          Dr. Lu Bai

COMPANY’S WEBSITE                             REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
www.sbpgroup.com                              Mr. Zhang Lu Fu (Chairman)
                                              Mr. Lu Zhengfei
PLACE OF INCORPORATION                        Ms. Lu Hong
                                              Dr. Chen Lieping
Cayman Islands
                                              NOMINATION COMMITTEE
DATE OF LISTING ON
 MAIN BOARD                                   Ms. Tse, Theresa Y Y (Chairwoman)
                                              Mr. Tse Ping
8 December 2003                               Mr. Lu Zhengfei
                                              Ms. Lu Hong
DATE OF LISTING ON                            Mr. Zhang Lu Fu
 GEM BOARD                                    Dr. Li Kwok Tung Donald
                                              Dr. Chen Lieping
29 September 2000
                                              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
DIRECTORS                                       AND GOVERNANCE
Executive Directors                             COMMITTEE
Ms. Tse, Theresa Y Y (Chairwoman)
                                              Ms. Cheng Cheung Ling (Chairwoman)
Mr. Tse Ping (Senior Vice Chairman)
                                              Ms. Tse, Theresa Y Y
Ms. Cheng Cheung Ling (Vice Chairwoman)
                                              Dr. Li Kwok Tung Donald
Mr. Tse, Eric S Y (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Tse Hsin
                                              COMPANY SECRETARY
Independent Non-executive Directors
                                              Ms. Lai Kuen
Mr. Lu Zhengfei
Ms. Lu Hong
Mr. Zhang Lu Fu                               AUTHORISED
Dr. Li Kwok Tung Donald                        REPRESENTATIVES
Dr. Chen Lieping
                                              Mr. Tse Ping
Dr. Lu Bai
                                              Ms. Lai Kuen
Executive Board Committee
Ms. Tse, Theresa Y Y (Chairwoman)             AUTHORISED PERSON TO
Mr. Tse Ping                                   ACCEPT SERVICES OF
Ms. Cheng Cheung Ling                          PROCESS AND NOTICES
Mr. Tse, Eric S Y
Mr. Tse Hsin                                  Ms. Tse Wun


                                                                      Interim Report 2026   1
    Corporate Information

    PRINCIPAL BANKERS                                HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL
                                                      PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
      Corporation Limited
                                                      HONG KONG
    1 Queen’s Road Central                           Unit 09, 41st Floor, Office Tower
    Hong Kong                                        Convention Plaza
                                                     1 Harbour Road
    Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                     Wanchai
    1 Garden Road
                                                     Hong Kong
    Hong Kong

    Agricultural Bank of China, Lianyungang Branch   PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
    No. 43 North Tong-guan Road, Xinpu                 IN MAINLAND CHINA
    Lianyungang
    Jiangsu Province                                 45/F, North Tower of CP Center
    PRC                                              Jia 10 Guanghua Road, Chaoyang District
                                                     Beijing
    PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR                        PRC
      AND TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                     LEGAL ADVISERS
    Suntera (Cayman) Limited
                                                     Sidley Austin
    Suite 3204, Unit 2A, Block 3, Building D
                                                     39/F, Two International Finance Centre
    P.O. Box 1586, Gardenia Court, Camana Bay
                                                     Central
    Grand Cayman KY1-1100
                                                     Hong Kong
    Cayman Islands
                                                     Navigator Law Office
    HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE                           Room 1118, Tower 2, Bright China Chang An Building
     REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER                          No. 7, Jianguomennei Avenue, Dong Cheng
     OFFICE                                          District
                                                     Beijing
    Tricor Investor Services Limited                 PRC
    17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    16 Harcourt Road                                 AUDITORS
    Hong Kong
                                                     Ernst & Young
    REGISTERED OFFICE                                Certified Public Accountants
                                                     Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
    Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited           27/F, One Taikoo Place
    Cricket Square                                   979 King’s Road
    Hutchins Drive                                   Quarry Bay
    P.O. Box 2681                                    Hong Kong
    Grand Cayman
    KY1-1111                                         INVESTOR RELATIONS
    Cayman Islands                                     CONSULTANT
                                                     Strategic Financial Relations Limited
                                                     Unit 01, 24th Floor, Admiralty Centre I
                                                     18 Harcourt Road
                                                     Hong Kong

2   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
                                                        Financial Highlights
                                                                For the six months ended
                                                                         30 June
                                                                      2026           2025                   Change
                                                               RMB’ Billion RMB’ Billion                        %


Revenue                                                                 19.44              17.57            +10.6%

Profit attributable to owners of the parent
  As reported (Note 1)                                                   3.43                3.39            +1.4%
  Underlying profit (Note 2)                                             3.34                3.09            +8.1%
  Underlying profit excluding dividend
     income from Sinovac LS (Note 2)                                     3.34                1.74           +92.3%

Sales of total innovative drugs and out-licensing                        8.79               6.09            +44.3%
Share of revenue                                                       45.2%              34.7%

Sales of innovative drugs (Note 3)                                       7.81               6.05            +29.2%
Share of revenue                                                       40.2%              34.4%

Sales of out-license                                                     0.98                0.04       +2,101.9%
Share of revenue                                                        5.0%                0.3%


The board of directors of the Company has declared the payment of an interim dividend of HK7 cents
per share for the six months ended 30 June 2026.

Note 1:   Profit attributable to owners of the parent as reported was prepared in accordance with Hong Kong
          Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”). The year-on-year increase in profit attributable to owners of the
          parent as reported was mainly driven by a notable growth in revenue and partially offset by the decrease in
          dividend income and fair value gain on investments during the period.

Note 2:   Underlying profit attributable to owners of the parent is presented in this results announcement as an
          additional non-HKFRS financial measure to provide supplementary information for better assessment of the
          performance of the Group’s core operations by excluding impacts of certain non-cash items and the share
          of profits and losses of associates and joint ventures, etc. A reconciliation between the profit attributable
          to owners of the parent as reported and the underlying profit attributable to owners of the parent has been
          set out under the section headed “Non-HKFRS Measure” of this announcement. The year-on-year growth
          in underlying profit attributable to owners of the parent was mainly driven by revenue growth and cost
          optimisation initiatives, partially offset by a decline in dividend income. Excluding dividend income from
          Sinovac LS, underlying profit significantly rose by RMB1.6 billion, representing an increase of 92.3% year-
          on-year.

Note 3:   Sales is the gross sales amount minus the sales discount, innovative drugs are Class 1 or Class 2 national new
          drugs, excluding biosimilars, generic drugs and out-licensing.




                                                                                             Interim Report 2026           3
    Corporate Profile
    Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited (the “Company” or “SBP Group”, together with its subsidiaries, the
    “Group”) is a leading, innovative R&D-driven pharmaceutical conglomerate in China. It prides itself
    on a fully-integrated industrial chain, covering drug R&D, intelligent production and commercial sales.
    Its products cover biopharmaceutical and chemical medicines enjoy an advantageous position in a host
    of four core therapeutic areas, namely oncology, liver/cardiometabolic diseases, respiratory/autoimmune
    and surgery/analgesia.

    The Company was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2000 and included in 2013 as a
    constituent stock of MSCI Global Standard Indices– MSCI China Index, Hang Seng Index in 2018,
    and Hang Seng Connect Biotech 50 Index and Hang Seng China (Hong Kong-listed) 25 Index in
    2020. It has been seven years in a row among the “Top 50 Global Pharmaceutical Enterprises” named
    by the US authoritative magazine Pharm Exec and was for three consecutive years among the “Asia’s
    Fab 50 Companies” named by Forbes Asia.

    The subsidiaries of the Group are located in Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing, Lianyungang and multiple
    manufacturing sites. Since its inception, the Group has continued to boast outstanding achievements
    and robust growth. Its core member companies include Chia Tai Tianqing Pharmaceutical Group Co.,
    Ltd. (“CT Tianqing”), Beijing Tide Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Tide”), LaNova Medicines
    Limited (“LaNova Medicines”), Hangzhou Hygieia Biomedical Co., Ltd. (“Hygieia”), Nanjing Chia
    Tai Tianqing Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“NJCTT”), Jiangsu Chia Tai Qingjiang Pharmaceutical Co.,
    Ltd. (“Chia Tai Qingjiang”), Jiangsu Chia Tai Fenghai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Chia Tai Fenghai”)
    and invoX Pharma Limited (“invoX”).

    SBP Group will continue to deliver its mission of “Science for a Healthier World” and focus
    on developing innovative therapies for patients. It is committed to becoming a world-leading
    pharmaceutical company.




4   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
                                       Chairwoman’s Statement
In March 2026, the Group officially changed its English stock short name to “SBP Group”, with SBP
representing Science, Breakthroughs and Patients. The new branding is a significant step forward in
the Group’s internationalization strategy and marks the beginning of a new phase of development.
Over the past decade, the Group has successfully transformed itself into one of China’s leading
innovative pharmaceutical companies. Looking ahead to the next decade, the Group will focus on
internationalization and strive to evolve into a global innovative pharmaceutical company that is
guided by science, driven by breakthrough innovation and dedicated to benefiting patients worldwide.
Committed to its mission of “Science for a Healthier World,” the Group focuses on providing patients
with more treatment options through innovative technologies, and creating sustainable long-term value
for shareholders.

In 2026, the Group successively entered into major strategic cooperations bridging the global and
China markets with leading global multinational pharmaceutical companies (MNCs) such as Sanofi,
GlaxoSmithKline and AstraZeneca. The Group also fully embraces artificial intelligence (AI),
and actively advances the integration of AI deeply across the entire industrial chain. By achieving
breakthroughs in AI-driven drug discovery, the Group seeks to accelerate value creation and deliver
more effective therapies to patients around the world with higher efficiency.

I.     INNOVATION AND R&D: ENTERING THE HARVEST
       PERIOD, WITH BLOCKBUSTER PRODUCTS DRIVING
       PERFORMANCE GROWTH
       Benefiting from years of continuous investment in R&D, the Group has officially entered a
       harvest period of innovative drugs approval. To date, the Group has cumulatively obtained
       approval for marketing for 20 national category 1 or category 2 innovative drugs, and for 8
       biosimilars. With industry-leading efficiency in translating innovation into commercial success,
       the Group has delivered double-digit revenue growth for many years in a row, significantly
       outpacing the industry average.

       Looking forward to the future, the Group’s innovative pipeline will experience a new round
       of explosive growth. It is expected that nearly 30 national category 1 innovative drugs will be
       approved for marketing from 2026 to 2030, covering multiple blockbuster products with global
       first-in-class (FIC) or best-in-class (BIC) potential, which will serve as the core engine driving its
       performance growth. The Group will continue to focus on four core therapeutic areas: oncology,
       liver/cardiometabolic diseases, respiratory/autoimmune diseases, and surgery/analgesia, and
       enhance its innovative R&D capabilities at the very source to drive steady growth in its results.




                                                                                     Interim Report 2026        5
    Chairwoman’s Statement

    II.    S T R A T E G I C M&A: I N T E G R A T I N G G L O B A L H I G H -
           QUALITY RESOURCES TO COMPREHENSIVELY
           STRENGTHEN R&D CAPABILITIES
           Strategic mergers and acquisitions is a key path for the Group to integrate industrial resources,
           complement its technological platforms, broaden its therapeutic layout, and enhance its core
           competitiveness. As for the two trillion-dollar markets of oncology and chronic diseases, the
           Group successively completed full acquisition of two biotech firms, namely, LaNova Medicines
           and Hygieia. In July 2025, the acquisition of LaNova Medicines has brought world-leading
           antibody discovery and ADC technology platforms to the Group, further strengthening the
           strategic positioning of the Group in next-generation oncology drugs. In January 2026, the
           acquisition of Hygieia has brought to the Group the world’s first clinically validated liver-
           targeted small molecule interfering ribonucleic acid (siRNA) delivery platform capable of
           ultra long-acting administration with a “once-yearly” dosing regimen, along with dual-target,
           neurological and other cutting-edge siRNA delivery technologies.

           By effectively integrating high-quality industrial resources in China, the Group will continue
           to advance the development of innovative drug molecules with global business potential,
           actively recruit leading scientific talents, and steadily build an innovative product portfolio
           with international competitiveness, bringing more breakthrough treatment options to patients
           around the world.

    III. GLOBALIZATION: SYNERGY OF “BRINGING IN” AND
         “G O I N G O U T” A P P R O A C H A N D U N L O C K I N G I T S
         SECOND GROWTH DRIVER
           Leveraging its deep-rooted presence and leading position in China market, the Group accelerates
           the globalization strategy, adhering to the two-way approach of “bringing in” and “going
           out”. In March 2026, the Group established licensing collaboration with Sanofi regarding
           Rovadicitinib, entitling the Group to a maximum payment of US$1.53 billion, as well as
           up to double-digit royalties based on net sales. In July 2026, the Group established licensing
           collaboration with AstraZeneca regarding TQC3721, entitling the Group to a maximum
           payment of US$1.9 billion, as well as double-digit royalties based on net sales. In May and July
           2026, the Group entered into strategic cooperation with GlaxoSmithKline twice, successively
           securing the commercialisation rights in mainland China for bepirovirsen, a blockbuster product
           in the field of liver disease, and two blockbuster respiratory products, namely, Trelegy Ellipta®
           and Anoro Ellipta®. The sales revenue from these three products in mainland China will be
           recognised as the Group’s operating revenue.

           Since 2026, out-licensing collaboration has become another major revenue stream for the
           Group, injecting strong momentum into its growth and paving the way for a second rising
           curve supported by international revenue. The Group will continue to explore diversified
           collaboration models with innovative pharmaceutical companies worldwide, broaden its
           international development pathway and create greater value for its long-term growth.

           Looking forward to the coming decade, SBP Group will accelerate the launch of innovative
           drugs in countries and regions under its globalization strategy, and deliver the benefits of
           healthcare science to a broader global patient population.

    APPRECIATION
    On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders for their trust, support
    and understanding, as well as to all our staff for their dedication and diligence.

6   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
     Management Discussion and Analysis
INDUSTRY OVERVIEW
As the policy support for pharmaceutical innovation continues to intensify, China’s pharmaceutical
industry is accelerating its momentum and transitioning to a new development phase defined by first-
in-class innovation and high-quality. In the first half of 2026, China introduced and implemented a
series of systematic and targeted policies, designed to foster an innovation ecosystem spanning the full
chain of R&D, regulatory review, reimbursement, and clinical application.

I.     Industry Policy: Accelerated Development of a Full-Chain Support System

       The sector’s positioning achieved historic leap forward. In March 2026, the State Council’s
       “Government Work Report” explicitly designated the biopharmaceutical sector as a national
       “emerging pillar industry” for the first time, placing it on par with integrated circuits, aerospace,
       low-altitude economy, new energy storage technologies and intelligent robotics. This marks a
       historic elevation for the biopharmaceutical sector in policy terms, from a “strategic emerging
       industry” to an “emerging pillar industry”. The biopharmaceutical sector has been formally
       entrusted with the important strategic mission of driving economic growth, strengthening
       scientific and technological capabilities, and enhancing international competitiveness. It will
       receive higher-level policy focus and resource allocation, making the sector’s medium- to long-
       term development prospects even more promising.

       Pricing mechanisms set to undergo reform and optimisation. In April 2026, the General
       Office of the State Council issued the “Guidelines on Improving the Drug Price Formation
       Mechanism”, proposing to optimise the initial pricing mechanism for newly launched
       medicines, including innovative drugs. For high-quality innovative drugs characterised by a
       high degree of innovation and significant clinical value, the policy supports pricing that are
       commensurate with its high cost and risk in the early stage of marketing, and maintaining
       the relative price stability for a certain period. This policy established, for the first time at the
       institutional level, a reasonable pricing range for high-value innovative drugs, providing an
       effective pathway for translating innovation and R&D into commercial value, while regulating
       the competitive market for established medicines, assisting the industry with the elimination of
       competition racing to the bottom and transformation towards innovation-driven development.

       Reimbursement system diversified and expanded. In May 2026, the National Healthcare
       Security Administration issued the 2026 Medical Insurance Catalogue and the Adjustment Plan
       for the Commercial Health Insurance Innovative Drugs Catalogue, introducing for the first time
       a dedicated catalogue for innovative drugs under commercial health insurance. This catalogue
       prioritises the inclusion of innovative drugs that go beyond the scope of basic healthcare
       coverage, are not yet included in the basic catalogue but defined by a high degree of innovation,
       and offer significant clinical value and substantial patient benefits. This adjustment not only
       achieved a substantial expansion of the diversified reimbursement system but also further
       refined the multi-tiered pharmaceutical coverage system, broadened reimbursement pathways
       for innovative drugs, shortened the commercialisation timeline, and helped expand the market
       coverage and clinical application of innovative drugs.




                                                                                    Interim Report 2026        7
    Management Discussion and Analysis

          Introduction of innovative drugs to the base level accelerated. In July 2026, the National
          Health Commission issued the “National Essential Medicines List (2026 Edition)”, adding
          116 new items and for the first time with the inclusion of innovative drugs within the selection
          scope. Considering current circumstances of the industry, the new list includes 16 innovative
          drugs with high clinical value and a broad patient population, suitable for use by healthcare
          institutions at all levels, thereby accelerating the delivery of the benefits of pharmaceutical
          innovation to the grassroots communities. At the institutional level, the new Essential Medicines
          List is seamlessly integrated with the Medical Insurance Catalogue. All newly added items
          have been included in medical insurance coverage. Future updates to the Medical Insurance
          Catalogue will be dynamically optimised and adjusted in line with the Essential Medicines List,
          with priority given to reclassifying eligible medicines into Categories A and B to continuously
          reduce the financial burden of medication costs on patients.

    II.   Industry Trends:

          China’s Innovative Drugs Rapidly Gaining Global Competitiveness

          Supported by multiple policy empowerment, the competitiveness of China’s innovative drugs
          industry has been enhanced and is profoundly reshaping the global landscape. With efficient
          R&D capabilities and significant cost advantages, Chinese pharmaceutical companies continue
          to deliver innovative outcomes with strong international competitiveness, establishing themselves
          as key targets for strategic partnerships and asset acquisitions by MNCs. In the first half of 2026,
          the total amount of out-licensing transactions for innovative drugs in China reached around
          US$110 billion, with 81 transactions in total, setting a new record high and was already 80% of
          the total transaction value for the year 2025. The transactions encompassed 10 therapeutic areas,
          including oncology, metabolism, immunology and neurology, fully demonstrating the growing
          global commercial value and industry influence of China’s innovative drugs. The Group has
          seized industry opportunities and actively promoted the global expansion of Chinese innovation.
          In March 2026, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with Sanofi regarding
          Rovadicitinib, entitling the Group to a maximum payment of US$1.53 billion, as well as up
          to double-digit royalties based on the annual net sales. In July 2026, the Group entered into
          an exclusive license agreement with AstraZeneca regarding TQC3721, entitling the Group to a
          maximum payment of US$1.9 billion, as well as double-digit royalties based on the annual net
          sales.




8   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
                                     Management Discussion and Analysis

      Speeding up industry consolidation, and concentration of resources in leading companies

       The Chinese pharmaceutical industry is undergoing accelerated consolidation with steadily
       increasing industry concentration. As centralised procurement policies continue to be refined,
       the industry is moving away from the early, simplistic “volume-for-price” model towards a high-
       quality, standardised development path characterised by “stabilising clinical practice, ensuring
       quality, preventing bid-rigging and combating internal competition”. This places stricter
       demand on quality control, large-scale production and cost management capabilities, in order
       to drive out inefficient production quickly and promote a continued concentration of market
       share among leading companies with advantages in scale and integration. In the first half of
       2026, a total of 52 M&A transactions were completed in the global biopharmaceutical industry,
       with resources flowing towards pharmaceutical companies possessing integrated capabilities in
       innovative R&D and commercialisation.

       Leveraging its position as an industry leader, the Group has fostered the integration of global
       high-quality innovation resources. By pursuing a dual-track approach of strategic M&A and
       the introduction of external pipelines, it has continued to expand its differentiated innovation
       pipeline, refine its cutting-edge technology platforms and strengthen its competitive edge in
       core therapeutic areas. In terms of strategic acquisitions, in January 2026, the Group acquired
       Hygieia, a world-leading siRNA delivery technology platform, for RMB1.2 billion, making
       a strong entry into the trillion-level chronic disease management sector. In terms of product
       introductions, in May and July 2026, the Group introduced three blockbuster products,
       namely, bepirovirsen, Trelegy Ellipta® and Anoro Ellipta® from GlaxoSmithKline, effectively
       boosting the performance of its domestic commercialisation platform and further consolidating
       its leading position in the two core therapeutic areas of hepatology and respiratory medicine.

PERFORMANCE SUMMARY
For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group recorded revenue of approximately RMB19.44
billion, representing an increase of approximately 10.6% over the same period in last year; the sales
revenue of innovative drugs and out-licensing was approximately RMB8.79 billion, representing an
increase of approximately 44.3% over the same period in last year, and the proportion of total revenue
rose to approximately 45.2%.




                                                                                Interim Report 2026       9
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     Core Therapeutic Areas                        Approved Key Products


     Oncology                                      Innovative drugs:
     (Product revenue amounted to approximately    Focus V® (Anlotinib Hydrochloride Capsules),
       RMB8.06 billion, accounting for             Annike® (Penpulimab Injection),
       approximately 41.4% of the total revenue)   Yilishu® (Efbemalenograstim Alfa Injection),
                                                   Andewei® (Benmelstobart Injection),
                                                   Anboni® (Unecritinib Fumarate Capsules),
                                                   Anluoqing® (Envonalkib Citrate Capsules),
                                                   Anfangning® (Garsorasib Tablets),
                                                   Anxu® (Rovadicitinib Tablets)*,
                                                   Saitanxin® (Culmerciclib Capsules),
                                                   Hernexeos® (Zongertinib Tablets)

                                                   Biosimilars/Generic drugs:
                                                   Anbeisi® (Bevacizumab Injection),
                                                   Delituo® (Rituximab Injection),
                                                   Saituo® (Trastuzumab for Injection),
                                                   Paletan® (Pertuzumab Injection)

     Liver/Cardiometabolic Diseases                Innovative drugs:
     (Product revenue amounted to approximately    Tianqing Ganmei®
       RMB3.38 billion, accounting for             (Magnesium Isoglycyrrhizinate Injection)
       approximately 17.4% of the total revenue)
                                                   Biosimilars/Generic drugs:
                                                   Runzhong® (Entecavir Dispersible Tablets)

     Surgery/Analgesia                             Innovative drugs:
     (Product revenue amounted to approximately    Zepolas®/Debaian® (Flurbiprofen Cataplasms),
       RMB3.21 billion, accounting for             Zepolas® (Flurbiprofen Patch),
       approximately 16.5% of the total revenue)   Pu Yi Ke® (Peceleganan Spray),
                                                   Symproic® (Naldemedine Tablets),
                                                   Putanning® (Meloxicam Injection (II)),
                                                   Debaining® (Lidocaine Cataplasms),
                                                   Kailitong® (Limaprost Tablets)

                                                   Biosimilars/Generic drugs:
                                                   Deshuping® (Loxoprofen Sodium Cataplasms)

     Respiratory/Autoimmune Diseases               Innovative drugs:
     (Product revenue amounted to approximately    Trelegy Ellipta® (Fluticasone Furoate inhalation
       RMB1.36 billion, accounting for             powder),
       approximately 7.0% of the total revenue)    Anoro Ellipta® (Umebromide and Vilanterol
                                                   Inhalation Powder)

                                                   Biosimilars/Generic drugs:
                                                   Tianqing Suchang® (Budesonide Suspension for
                                                   Inhalation),
                                                   Deruituo® (Tulobuterol Patches)



10   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis

*      In March 2026, the Group announced that it had granted Sanofi an exclusive license to develop, manufacture
       and commercialise Rovadicitinib globally, and was entitled to a maximum payment of US$1.53 billion, as
       well as up to double-digit royalties based on the annual net sales of Rovadicitinib.


BUSINESS REVIEW
Since 2026, the Group has had a total of four National Class 1 or Class 2 innovative drugs approved
for marketing by the NMPA, Anxu® (Rovadicitinib Tablet), Pu Yi Ke® (Peceleganan Spray), Symproic®
(Naldemedine Tablets) and Zepolas® (Flurbiprofen Patch). Additionally, four new indications for three
national category 1 innovative drugs were approved for marketing by the NMPA, namely: Saitanxin®
(Culmerciclib Capsules) in combination with fulvestrant for the first-line treatment of HR-positive,
HER2-negative locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer, Hernexeos® (Zongertinib Tablets) as
monotherapy for the first-line treatment of unresectable locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell
lung cancer harbouring HER2 (ERBB2) tyrosine kinase domain activating mutations, and FOCUS V®
(Anlotinib Hydrochloride Capsules) in combination with Andewei® (Benmelstobart Injection) for the
first-line treatment of locally advanced or metastatic squamous non-small cell lung cancer and for the
treatment of advanced or unresectable alveolar soft part sarcoma.

Regarding out-licensing collaboration, in March 2026, the Group has granted Sanofi an exclusive
license to develop, manufacture and commercialise Rovadicitinib globally, entitling the Group to an
initial payment of US$135 million and, together with potential payments regarding development,
regulatory, and sales millstones, an aggregate payment up to US$1.53 billion, as well as up to double-
digit tiered royalties based on the annual net sales of Rovadicitinib. In July 2026, the Group granted
AstraZeneca an exclusive licence to develop, manufacture and commercialise TQC3721 outside China,
as well as a global exclusive licence for a specific development programme for TQC3721, entitling
the Group to an upfront payment of US$200 million, together with potential payments regarding
development, regulatory, and sales millstones, an aggregate payment up to US$1.9 billion, as well as
double-digit tiered royalties based on the annual net sales.

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s revenue from innovative drugs and out-licensing
collaboration reached RMB8.79 billion, representing an increase of 44.3% over the same period in last
year and accounting for 45.2% of the total revenue.

R&D
The Group has consistently regarded Innovative R&D as its core driving force and the cornerstone
of sustainable development, continuously increasing R&D investment, striving to improve R&D
capabilities and efficiency. At present, the Group has established multiple R&D centers in Shanghai,
Nanjing, Beijing, Guangzhou and other cities, and has successfully built diversified innovative
technology platforms covering small molecules, protein degraders, siRNA, monoclonal antibodies/
bispecific antibodies/multi-antibodies, ADC, inhalable formulations, transdermal patches and other
fields. For the six months ended 30 June 2026, total investment in R&D of the Group amounted to
approximately RMB3,290.98 million, representing approximately 16.9% of the Group’s revenue, of
which approximately 93.6% was recognised in the statement of profit or loss.




                                                                                        Interim Report 2026         11
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     ONCOLOGY

     –     Focus V® (Anlotinib Hydrochloride Capsules) is a novel small molecule multi-target tyrosine
           kinase inhibitor. It has been approved for twelve indications, including first-line squamous
           non-small cell lung cancer, first-line small cell lung cancer, third-line non-small cell lung
           cancer, third-line small cell lung cancer, first-line hepatocellular carcinoma, first-line renal cell
           carcinoma; first-line soft tissue sarcoma, second-line or later endometrial cancer, soft tissue
           sarcoma, medullary thyroid carcinoma, differentiated thyroid cancer and alveolar soft part
           sarcoma; a number of new indications, such as first-line non-squamous non-small cell lung
           cancer and first-line pancreatic cancer, are currently in Phase III clinical studies, with plans
           to gradually submit marketing applications within the next two years. At the 2026 American
           Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting, the Group presented data from a Phase
           III clinical trial evaluating anlotinib in combination with benmelstobart as first-line treatment
           for non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). This is the second head-to-head Phase
           III study in which benmelstobart in combination with anlotinib has demonstrated superior
           efficacy over tislelizumab in combination with standard chemotherapy, following the positive
           result previously observed in squamous NSCLC. Notably, this is the first Phase III trial globally
           to report a positive outcome in first-line non-squamous NSCLC versus an immune checkpoint
           inhibitor (ICI) plus chemotherapy.

     –     Andewei® (Benmelstobart Injection) is a humanized PD-L1 monoclonal antibody. It has
           been approved for six indications, including first-line squamous non-small cell lung cancer,
           maintenance therapy after chemoradiotherapy for non-small cell lung cancer, first-line small cell
           lung cancer, second-line or later endometrial cancer, first-line renal cell carcinoma, and alveolar
           soft part sarcoma. In addition, Phase III clinical trials are currently underway for several other
           new indications, including maintenance therapy for limited-stage small cell lung cancer and
           first-line treatment of PD-L1-positive non-small cell lung cancer. The “immunotherapy + anti-
           angiogenesis” treatment mode of benmelstobart in combination with anlotinib has a synergistic
           effect in tumor treatment. This combination regimen has demonstrated breakthrough
           therapeutic potential in various malignant tumors such as first-line non-small cell lung cancer
           and first-line small cell lung cancer, and is expected to bring better and more accessible
           treatment options to patients.

     –     Saitanxin® (Culmerciclib Capsules) is a novel CDK2/4/6 inhibitor that has currently been
           approved for two indications, in combination with fulvestrant for the treatment of: first-line
           treatment of hormone receptor positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative
           (HR+/HER2-) locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer, and HR+/HER2- locally advanced
           or metastatic breast cancer in patients who have experienced disease progression following
           prior endocrine therapy. In addition, the Group is actively advancing the phase III clinical
           study of culmerciclib for adjuvant treatment of HR+/HER2- breast cancer, with a marketing
           authorisation application expected to be submitted within the next two years. The research
           results indicate that compared with abemaciclib, culmerciclib further enhances the inhibition
           of CDK2 and CDK4, which may effectively overcome the resistance issues associated with
           existing CDK4/6 inhibitors. Relying on its excellent efficacy and safety profile and its coverage
           across first-line, second-line, and adjuvant therapy for breast cancer, the Group is confident that
           culmerciclib will become another blockbuster product in the oncology field.




12   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
                                   Management Discussion and Analysis

–   Hernexeos® (Zongertinib Tablets) is the world’s first and currently only approved oral HER2
    tyrosine kinase inhibitor; it has currently been approved for two indications: first-line treatment
    for adult patients with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer
    harbouring HER2 (ERBB2)-activating mutations, and for adult patients with unresectable
    locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer harbouring HER2 (ERBB2)-activating
    mutations who have previously received at least one prior systemic therapy. In 2024, the Group
    announced a strategic collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim to leverage the complementary
    strengths of both companies to provide cancer patients in China with more and better treatment
    options. Both parties will collaborate on various innovative oncology products from Boehringer
    Ingelheim that are in late-stage clinical development. Zongertinib is one of the products under
    the strategic collaboration between Boehringer Ingelheim and the Group in mainland China.

–   Anxu® (Rovadicitinib Tablet) is the first JAK/ROCK dual inhibitor approved for marketing
    in the world. It was approved by the NMPA in February 2026 for the first-line treatment of
    adult patients with intermediate-2 or high-risk primary myelofibrosis (PMF), postpolycythemia
    vera myelofibrosis (PPV-MF), or post-essential thrombocythemia myelofibrosis (PET-
    MF). Rovadicitinib targets both JAK1/2 and ROCK1/2 simultaneously, exerting dual anti-
    inflammatory and anti-fibrotic effects. Currently, a Phase III clinical trial of rovadicitinib for the
    treatment of chronic graft-versus-host disease (cGVHD) has been initiated in China, and a Phase
    II clinical trial has been approved in the US. In March 2026, the Group announced the grant of
    an exclusive license to Sanofi for the global development, manufacturing, and commercialisation
    of rovadicitinib, with the Group eligible to receive payments of up to US$1.53 billion, as well as
    up to double digit royalties based on the annual net sales of rovadicitinib.

–   Regarding the R&D pipeline, as at the end of the reporting period, the Group had a total of 39
    national category 1 innovative oncology drug candidates in the clinical development stage or
    beyond. Of these, 5 were at the marketing application stage, 12 were in Phase III clinical trials,
    7 were in Phase II clinical trials, and 15 were in Phase I clinical trials.

–   M701 (CD3/EpCAM bispecific antibody) is a CD3/EpCAM bispecific antibody with potential
    as an FIC therapy in China, an application for marketing of which was submitted to the
    CDE in May 2026 for the treatment of malignant ascites (MA) caused by advanced epithelial
    malignancies. Meanwhile, a Phase II clinical trial of M701 for malignant pleural effusion (MPE)
    caused by non-small cell lung cancer has completed patient enrollment. M701 targets both the
    tumor cell target EpCAM and the immune T cell activation target CD3, and bridges tumor
    cells and immune T cells through dual-target binding, thereby activating T cells to kill tumor
    cells. Malignant pleural effusion and ascites are common complications for cancer patients at
    the middle or advanced stages; approximately 50 per cent of patients with advanced malignant
    tumours develop these effusions as their disease progresses, directly affecting their quality of life
    and survival. However, there is currently a lack of effective standard treatment options in clinical
    practice, and puncture drainage combined with local pleural or peritoneal infusion of drugs is
    still the primary treatment. Compared with the current primary clinical treatments, M701 has
    better safety and efficacy, and is expected to become the first standard of care for malignant
    pleural effusion and ascites in China.




                                                                                  Interim Report 2026        13
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     –     LM-302 (tecotabart vedotin, Claudin 18.2 ADC) is an ADC targeting Claudin 18.2. An
           application for marketing was submitted to the CDE in June 2026 for its use as a monotherapy
           in patients with CLDN18.2-positive locally advanced or metastatic gastric and gastroesophageal
           junction adenocarcinoma who have received at least two prior systemic therapies. Moreover,
           LM-302 in combination with PD-1 monoclonal antibody is currently undergoing a Phase III
           registration clinical trial in China for the treatment of first-line CLDN18.2-positive locally
           advanced or metastatic gastric and gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma, with the first
           patient having been enrolled. This marks the world’s first Phase III clinical trial of a CLDN18.2
           ADC using a chemotherapy-free regimen for the first-line treatment of gastric cancer. Both of
           the aforementioned indications have been included in the CDE’s Priority Review and approval
           programme. Additionally, LM-302 has received Investigational New Drug (IND) approval
           from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and has been granted three Orphan
           Drug Designations (ODD), covering three major gastrointestinal tumors with high unmet
           clinical needs: gastric, pancreatic, and biliary tract cancers. Clinical data suggest that LM-
           302 has demonstrated clear anti-tumor activity in patients with gastric, pancreatic, and biliary
           tract cancers, and is also effective in patients with low Claudin 18.2 expression and low PD-
           L1 expression, demonstrating broader applicability and a favorable therapeutic window over
           existing therapies, achieving a better balance between efficacy and safety.

     –     LM-108 (cafelkibart，CCR8 monoclonal antibody) is an antibody-dependent cellular
           cytotoxicity (ADCC)- enhanced CCR8 humanized monoclonal antibody with global FIC
           potential. It is currently undergoing two pivotal clinical trials in China, both in combination
           with a PD-1 monoclonal antibody: 1) for the second-line treatment of CCR8-positive locally
           advanced or metastatic gastric/gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma, and enrollment of the
           first participant was completed in May 2026; 2) for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic
           MSI-H/dMMR advanced malignant solid tumors that have failed previous anti-PD-1/PD-
           L1 therapy. The two abovementioned indications have been granted Breakthrough Therapy
           Designation. Early exploratory clinical studies have shown that LM-108 demonstrates favorable
           safety and preliminary anti-tumor activity in the treatment of various solid tumors such as
           gastric cancer, pancreatic cancer, lung cancer, and breast cancer. Notably, it exhibited the
           potential to re-activate immune responses in PD-1/PD-L1 resistant or refractory patients. With
           its ability to precisely target immunosuppressive cells in the tumor microenvironment, LM-108
           has the potential to become a key pillar of next-generation cancer immunotherapy, providing
           more breakthrough treatment options for patients with advanced solid tumors.




14   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
                                  Management Discussion and Analysis

–   TQB2102 (HER2 bispecific ADC) is a bispecific ADC that simultaneously targets the HER2
    ECD II/IV domains. It is currently undergoing several Phase III clinical trials in China,
    including in chemotherapy-naïve advanced HER2-low breast cancer, advanced HER2-positive
    breast cancer after prior anti-HER2 therapy, neoadjuvant HER2-positive breast cancer; first-
    line advanced HER2-positive breast cancer, later-line advanced HER2-positive biliary tract
    cancer, and advanced HER2-positive colorectal cancer that has failed treatment with oxaliplatin,
    irinotecan and fluorouracil-based regimens. TQB2102 has had three indications included in
    the CDE’s Breakthrough Therapy Programme, namely: 1) neoadjuvant treatment for HER2-
    positive early-stage or locally advanced HER2- positive breast cancer; 2) HER2 IHC 3+
    advanced colorectal cancer that has previously failed treatment with oxaliplatin, irinotecan
    and fluorouracil; 3) unresectable or metastatic HER2-low (IHC 1+ or IHC 2+/ISH-) breast
    cancer in patients who have not previously received chemotherapy. At the 2025 ASCO Annual
    Meeting, the Group announced the results of three early-stage studies of TQB2102, showing
    that TQB2102 demonstrated promising anti-tumor activity across multiple advanced solid
    tumors, with a favorable safety profile and an incidence of interstitial lung disease (ILD)
    significantly lower than that of similar drugs, achieving a well-balanced profile of efficacy and
    safety.

–   TQB2868 (PD-1/TGF-β bifunctional fusion protein) is the most advanced PD-1/TGF-β
    bifunctional fusion protein globally. It is currently undergoing Phase III clinical trials in
    China for use in combination with anlotinib and chemotherapy as a first-line treatment for
    metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. TQB2868 can block the PD-1/PD-L1 pathway
    and neutralize TGF-β in the tumor microenvironment. It has the dual effects of immune
    checkpoint suppression and tumor microenvironment remodeling. At the 2025 ASCO Annual
    Meeting, the Group presented data from the Phase II clinical study of TQB2868 combined
    with anlotinib and chemotherapy as a first-line treatment for metastatic pancreatic ductal
    adenocarcinoma: the objective response rate (ORR) was 63.9%, and the disease control rate
    (DCR) reached 100%; median progression free survival (PFS) had not yet been reached, with
    a 6-month PFS rate of 86%; median overall survival (OS) had not yet been reached and is
    anticipated to exceed one year.

–   TQB3019 (BTK OAPD) is an oral protein degrader targeting BTK developed based on
    the OAPD® (Orally Available Protein Degrader) technology platform of the Group. It is
    currently conducting phase I clinical trials in China for advanced malignancies. Compared
    with conventional BTK inhibitors, protein degraders demonstrate more prominent therapeutic
    potential in overcoming BTK resistance. At present, no protein degraders targeting BTK have
    been approved for marketing worldwide. TQB3019 exhibits broad activity against BTK wild-
    type, C481 mutant and many other resistant variants, while also demonstrating favorable oral
    bioavailability and brain tissue penetration. Phase I clinical studies have shown encouraging
    efficacy even in the initial dose cohort: 4 of the 5 enrolled patients with mantle cell lymphoma
    (MCL), follicular lymphoma (FL) and chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) achieved partial
    response, while pharmacodynamic analysis showed near-complete BTK degradation.




                                                                              Interim Report 2026       15
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     Liver/Cardiometabolic Diseases

     –     Tianqing Ganmei® (Magnesium Isoglycyrrhizinate Injection) is the fourth generation of
           glycyrrhizic acid preparation that has been approved for three indications: chronic viral
           hepatitis, acute drug-induced liver injury, and improvement of liver dysfunction. This medicine
           is the world’s first 99.9% purified alpha-glycyrrhizic acid. It has the advantages of strong liver
           targeting, excellent anti-inflammatory effects, and good safety. It has been recommended by
           the “Chinese Guideline for Diagnosis and Management of Drug-Induced Liver Injury (2023
           Edition)”, the “Guideline for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Primary Liver Cancer (2024
           Edition)”, “Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Drug-Induced Liver Injury in Cancer
           Patients (2025 Edition)” and other authoritative guidelines. It also has many studies presented
           at the annual meeting of the Asia Pacific Association for the Study of the Liver (APASL), the
           European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL), and other internationally renowned
           academic conferences. The Group made efforts to strengthen the academic promotion,
           expanding doctor coverage and gaining recognition from experts through academic conferences
           at all levels, while vigorously exploring new patients to expand into new markets, and actively
           promoting retrospective research to provide more academic evidence for its clinical use.

     –     Regarding the R&D pipeline, as at the end of the reporting period, the Group had a total of 12
           national category 1 innovative drug candidates in the fields of liver/cardiometabolic diseases in
           the clinical development stage or beyond. Of these, 1 was at the marketing application stage, 2
           were in Phase III clinical trials, 3 were in Phase II clinical trials, and 6 were in Phase I clinical
           trials.

     –     Bepirovirsen (ASO) is a first-in-class triple action antisense oligonucleotide (ASO). A marketing
           application for its use in the treatment of chronic hepatitis B (CHB) in adults was submitted
           to the CDE in March 2026, and has been granted Priority Review status. In May 2026, the
           results of two Phase III clinical trials of bepirovirsen – B-Well 1 and B-Well 2 – were published
           simultaneously in the “New England Journal of Medicine” and presented at the 2026 EASL
           Annual Meeting. Pooled data from the two trials showed that six months’ treatment with
           bepirovirsen achieved a statistically and clinically significant functional cure rate of 19% in
           the overall study population (adults with hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) levels ≤3000
           IU/ml), thereby meeting the primary endpoint. A key secondary endpoint showed that the
           functional cure rate reached 26% among participants with HBsAg levels ≤1000 IU/ml, a group
           representing approximately 45% of diagnosed cases of chronic hepatitis B worldwide. Currently,
           standard treatment for chronic hepatitis B in adults typically requires lifelong medication, with
           a functional cure rate of less than 1 per cent. Bepirovirsen is expected to receive a regulatory
           decision from the NMPA in the first half of 2027 and is poised to become the world’s first
           approved drug for the functional cure of hepatitis B. In May 2026, the Group’s subsidiary,
           CT Tianqing, entered into an exclusive strategic partnership with GSK. According to the
           arrangement, CT Tianqing will be responsible for the importation, distribution, hospital access,
           and promotional and non-promotional activities for bepirovirsen in mainland China. Revenue
           generated from the sales of bepirovirsen in China is expected to be recognised by CT Tianqing as
           operating revenue.




16   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
                                   Management Discussion and Analysis

–   Lanifibranor (pan-PPAR agonist) is an orally available small molecule drug that is currently
    undergoing Phase III clinical trials worldwide for the treatment of metabolic dysfunction
    associated steatohepatitis (MASH), and enrollment of patients in the global main cohort has
    been completed. It is a potential FIC oral drug for MASH in China. In a randomized, double-
    blind, placebo-controlled Phase IIb study in patients with MASH stage F1 to F3, Lanifibranor
    demonstrated excellent efficacy and good safety. The study met the primary endpoint and
    key secondary endpoint, and the results have been published in the authoritative international
    journal “New England Journal of Medicine” (NEJM). Lanifibranor regulates antifibrosis and
    anti-inflammatory pathways in vivo by activating three subtypes, PPARα, PPARβ/δ and
    PPARγ. Compared with single/dual subtype agonists, Lanifibranor targets all three subtypes,
    and its moderate and balanced pan-PPAR binding properties make the drug well tolerated. In
    July 2023, Lanifibranor was granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation by the CDE.

–   Kylo-11 (Lp(a) siRNA) is the first ultra-long-acting Lp(a) siRNA in the world designed for
    once-yearly dosing, and is currently undergoing Phase II clinical trials in China and the United
    States for the treatment of Hyperlipoproteinemia(a). Enrollment of all trial participants
    in China has now been completed. Kylo-11 was developed using the MVIP (Multi-valent
    Introduction Platform) delivery platform, which was independently established by Hygieia, and
    has the potential to be best-in-class (BIC). MVIP is the first siRNA delivery platform in China
    to have been granted a global patent. Its world-first dual-conjugated siRNA delivery technology
    for liver diseases effectively prevents exonucleases from degrading the terminal fragments of the
    antisense strand and reduces the degradation of the antisense strand in plasma, thereby achieving
    highly efficient delivery and long-term stability. The Phase I interim clinical data of Kylo-11 was
    presented in an oral report at the 2025 American Heart Association (AHA) Annual Meeting.
    Data showed that in healthy subjects with elevated Lp(a), a single low-dose administration
    can achieve a maximum median Lp(a) reduction of more than 90%, while medium and high
    doses demonstrated potential to sustain significant efficacy for more than one year. Compared
    with similar investigational drugs at home and abroad, Kylo-11 shows BIC potential in terms
    of efficacy and durability, and has the advantages of low dosage and good safety. Currently, no
    drug specifically indicated for lowering Lp(a) has been approved for marketing worldwide, and
    there is a significant unmet clinical need in this area.

–   Kylo-12 (APOC3 siRNA) is an APOC3 siRNA with global BIC potential, which is expected to
    be dosed semi-annually (or at longer intervals). It is currently in a Phase I clinical trial in China,
    planning to initiate Phase II clinical trial in 2026 for the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia
    (HTG) and familial chylomicronemia syndrome (FCS). For patients who do not respond
    adequately to conventional lipid-lowering treatments, APOC3 siRNA therapy aims to provide
    a highly effective and convenient new solution, with the potential to address current treatment
    gaps and fill unmet needs in the market.




                                                                                  Interim Report 2026        17
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     –     Kylo-0603 (THR-β agonist) is the world’s first THR-β small molecule agonist that achieves
           specific liver targeting by conjugating GalNAc, and has completed a Phase I clinical trial in
           China for the treatment of MASH. Kylo-0603 has both GalNAc structure and thyroid hormone
           T3- like structure, enabling efficient liver targeted delivery, high affinity and selectivity for
           THR-β, and can precisely deliver thyroxine-like compounds to the liver, reducing extrahepatic
           side effects. With the dual targeting advantages of liver and THR-β receptors, Kylo-0603 is
           expected to achieve better efficacy and safety at lower doses, providing a new oral treatment
           option for metabolic diseases such as MASH and weight loss. At the 2026 European Association
           for the Study of the Liver (EASL) Annual Meeting, the Group announced the Phase I clinical
           data for Kylo-0603, which demonstrated good safety and lipid-lowering effects. Thanks to its
           dual-targeting mechanism of action on the liver and THR-β receptors, it is expected to achieve
           superior efficacy and safety at lower doses, offering a novel oral treatment option for metabolic
           conditions such as MASH and weight loss.

     Respiratory/Autoimmune Diseases

     –     Trelegy Ellipta® (FF/UMEC/VI) is a combination of three molecules in a single inhaler that
           only needs to be taken in a single inhalation, once a day. It contains fluticasone furoate (FF),
           an inhaled corticosteroid (ICS), umeclidinium (UMEC), a long-acting muscarinic antagonist
           (LAMA), and vilanterol (VI), a long-acting beta2-adrenergic agonist (LABA). FF/UMEC/VI was
           first approved in China in 2019 for maintenance treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary
           disease (COPD), and in 2026, it received approval for an additional indication for maintenance
           treatment of asthma, and became the first and the only single-inhaler triple therapy (SITT) in
           China indicated for maintenance treatment of both asthma and COPD. Anoro Ellipta® (UMEC/
           VI) is a dual bronchodilator administered once daily via a single inhalation. It contains two
           active ingredients: LAMA UMEC and LABA VI. UMEC/VI was approved in China in 2018
           for long-term maintenance treatment of COPD. In 2025, the combined global sales of these
           two medicines exceeded £3.5 billion. In July 2026, the Group’s subsidiary, CT Tianqing,
           further deepened its strategic collaboration with GSK, expanding the scope of their partnership
           from liver diseases to respiratory diseases. The Group has acquired the commercialisation rights
           for Trelegy Ellipta® and Anoro Ellipta® in mainland China; all sales revenue generated by these
           products will be recognised as operating revenue of CT Tianqing.

     –     Regarding the R&D pipeline, as at the end of the reporting period, the Group had a total of 10
           national category 1 innovative drug candidates in the field of respiratory/autoimmune diseases
           in the clinical development stage or beyond. Of these, 6 were in Phase III clinical trials, 2 were
           in Phase II clinical trials, and 2 were in Phase I clinical trials.




18   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
                                   Management Discussion and Analysis

–   TQC3721 (PDE3/4 inhibitor) is an inhaled PDE3/4 inhibitor with global BIC potential.
    TQC3721 is being developed across nebulized and dry powder inhaler formulations, supporting
    use across different patient segments, disease severities and commercial settings. In COPD,
    TQC3721 in a nebulized formulation has generated phase IIb data that demonstrate a potential
    best-in-class profile study. The nebulized formulation is currently being evaluated in a Phase
    III clinical trial in China, while the dry powder inhaler formulation is also being advanced in a
    Phase II clinical trial. TQC3721 has the potential to become the first domestically developed
    inhaled dual PDE3/4 inhibitor approved in China. Through balanced inhibition of both PDE3
    and PDE4, TQC3721 is designed to deliver synergistic bronchodilatory and anti-inflammatory
    effects, with the potential to improve lung function, reduce exacerbations and address broader
    disease burden in patients with chronic respiratory diseases. In July 2026, the Group granted
    AstraZeneca an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialise TQC3721 outside
    China, and exclusive global rights for certain future development programmes. The Group
    is eligible to receive an upfront payment of US$200 million, with additional development,
    regulatory and sales milestones totalling up to USD$1.9 billion, as well as tiered royalties
    ranging up to double-digit percentages based on the annual net sales of TQC3721 products.

–   TDI01 (ROCK2 inhibitor) is the first domestically developed ROCK2 inhibitor in China
    and is currently conducting phase III clinical trials in China for idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis
    (IPF). TDI01 can effectively inhibit pro-inflammatory Th17 cells, promote regulatory T cells,
    and restore immune homeostasis. At the same time, it inhibits the ROCK2 signaling pathway
    with high selectivity, blocks the differentiation of fibroblasts into myofibroblasts, and induces
    apoptosis of existing myofibroblasts, achieving the dual effects of immune modulation and
    fibrosis reversal, and has good therapeutic potential in the fields of pulmonary fibrosis and liver
    fibrosis.

–   TQH3906 (TYK2 inhibitor) is a TYK2 allosteric inhibitor, currently undergoing Phase III
    clinical trials in China for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. In addition, TQH3906 (TYK2
    inhibitor) is currently undergoing Phase II clinical trials in China for inflammatory bowel
    disease (IBD) and psoriatic arthritis (PsA). TQH3906 targets the pseudokinase domain (JH2) of
    TYK2/JAK1, and significantly enhances selectivity for JAK2, JAK3, and other kinases, offering
    higher selectivity and a potentially better safety profile compared to conventional JAK inhibitors
    that target the kinase domain (JH1). In the Phase II clinical trial of TQH3906 in plaque psoriasis,
    all dose groups demonstrated favorable safety and tolerability and met the primary endpoint.
    Detailed data will be presented at a future international academic conference.

–   TQC2731 (TSLP monoclonal antibody) is a humanized monoclonal antibody targeting
    TSLP, currently undergoing Phase III clinical trials in China for indications including severe
    asthma and chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. It is the first domestically developed
    TSLP monoclonal antibody to enter Phase III clinical trials. Studies have shown that TSLP
    monoclonal antibody is not only effective in the treatment of eosinophilic asthma, but also
    shows significant efficacy in people with low eosinophilic phenotypes, so it can cover a wider
    range of patients with severe asthma. In addition to asthma, TSLP is closely associated with
    the pathogenesis of various autoimmune diseases, chronic inflammatory diseases and allergic
    diseases.




                                                                                Interim Report 2026       19
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     SURGERY/ANALGESIA

     –     Zepolas®/Debaian® (Flurbiprofen Cataplasms) is the first domestically produced cataplasm
           approved for marketing in China, ranking first in the market share of topical analgesia for many
           years. It is recommended by many guidelines, including the “Expert Consensus on Diagnosis
           and Treatment of Chronic Musculoskeletal Pain” and “Chinese Guidelines for the Treatment of
           Chronic Pain Disorders with Non-Opioid Analgesics”. The Group focuses on the development
           of high-potential regions, strengthening its retail channel network, further expanding its market
           coverage and gradually increasing its production capacity to meet the booming market demand.
           In August 2026, the Group’s second-generation flurbiprofen patch (Zepolas®) has received
           approval for marketing by the NMPA and has been granted a 4-year data protection period.
           With formulation enhancements, the second-generation product can significantly improve
           the transdermal absorption of the drug and enhance the adhesiveness of the plaster, thereby
           improving patient compliance.

     –     Putanning® (Meloxicam Injection (II)) is China’s first once-daily long-acting nonsteroidal anti-
           inflammatory drug (NSAID) injection for postoperative pain management in adults. Two Phase
           III clinical studies demonstrated that Putanning maintains significant analgesic effects during
           the late stages of the drug effect (18- 24 hours) and can effectively alleviate pain between doses,
           especially nighttime pain during postoperative hospitalization. Compared with other NSAIDs,
           Putanning achieves a greater reduction in morphine consumption. In addition, Putanning
           can be used safely in special populations, such as patients with mild renal impairment and the
           elderly, with excellent safety.

     –     De Bai Ning® (Lidocaine Cataplasms) was approved for marketing in 2018 for the relief of
           postherpetic neuralgia (PHN), filling a gap in the domestic market for topical treatments
           for PHN. In 2025, De Bai Ning® was approved for a new indication, diabetic peripheral
           neuropathic pain (DPNP), becoming the world’s first and currently only topical analgesic patch
           approved for this indication. The pathogenesis of DPNP is complex; existing oral medications
           are limited by prominent adverse reactions such as dizziness and drowsiness, as well as a high
           risk of opioid dependence, and treatment options are limited. De Bai Ning® can be used as
           monotherapy or in combination with oral medications. Studies have shown that in patients
           for whom oral monotherapy alone is insufficient, the pain relief rate can be increased to 78.2
           per cent when combined with De Bai Ning®, with some patients being able to reduce or
           discontinue their oral medication. It is recommended by authoritative international guidelines as
           a supplementary or alternative treatment to first- or second-line oral medications.

     –     Regarding the R&D pipeline, as at the end of the reporting period, the Group had a total of 4
           national category 1 or 2 innovative surgery/analgesia drug candidates in the clinical development
           stage or beyond. Of these, 1 was at the marketing application stage, 2 were in Phase II clinical
           trials, and 1 was in Phase I clinical trial.




20   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
                                  Management Discussion and Analysis

–   Pu Yi Ke® (Peceleganan Spray) has received approval for marketing by NMPA in June 2026
    for the treatment of wound infections secondary to first-degree or superficial second-degree
    burns and scalds caused by Staphylococcus epidermidis, Staphylococcus haemolyticus and
    Acinetobacter baumannii. Peceleganan is the first-ever non-antibiotic antimicrobial agent of
    a novel design. Based on the theory of the “Membrane Discrimination Mechanism”, it exerts
    bactericidal activity by disrupting the barrier function of bacterial biofilm systems. As a broad-
    spectrum antimicrobial peptide, its unique bactericidal mechanism exhibits strong bactericidal
    activity against a broad spectrum of drug-resistant pathogens, including the “superbug” MRSA
    and multidrug-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii strains harbouring the NDM-1 gene.
    Peceleganan is the first Ganan-class anti-infective drug in China to be named by the World
    Health Organisation (WHO).

–   TRD205 (AT2R antagonist) is a non-opioid, highly selective antagonist targeting AT2R
    with global FIC potential. It is currently in Phase II clinical trials in China and has obtained
    IND approval from the U.S. FDA, with intended indications including chronic post-
    surgical neuropathic pain (CPSNP) and acute postoperative pain. In July 2026, TRD205 was
    designated for the Breakthrough Therapy Programme by the CDE, primarily based on a multi-
    center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group and dose-exploratory
    Phase II clinical trial designed to evaluate its efficacy and safety in the treatment of chronic
    post-operative neuropathic pain. TRD205 exerts a multi-modal analgesia by highly selectively
    antagonising the peripheral AT2R receptors: on the one hand, TRD205 inhibits the migration
    of macrophages – which play a key role in pain – to the site of injury, reducing the expression of
    neurotransmitters, reactive oxygen species and inflammatory factors, thereby effectively reducing
    peripheral sensitization; on the other hand, multiple preclinical data indicate that TRD205 is
    capable of inhibiting the expression of pain-related ion channels, such as Nav1.8 and TRPV1,
    in the dorsal root ganglion (DRG), thereby suppressing neural excitation transmission. As it
    acts solely at the peripheral level, TRD205 is expected to avoid the adverse reactions – such as
    drowsiness and dizziness – associated with centrally acting drugs, thereby offering a solution
    to the challenge faced by patients with chronic pain who are unable to tolerate long-term
    medication.

–   TRD208 (non-opioid multi-target multi-modal analgesic) is a first-in-class, non-opioid,
    multitarget, multi-modal analgesic. It is currently in Phase I clinical trials in China for
    postoperative analgesia in adults and has obtained IND approval from the U.S. FDA. With its
    unique multitarget mechanism of action, TRD208 is capable of blocking multiple pain-related
    transmission pathways in the central nervous system, including NaV1.7, NaV1.8 and others,
    while also delivering peripheral anti-inflammatory and analgesic effects similar to NSAIDs and
    inhibiting central sensitization. This approach may help reduce the risk of neuropathic pain
    arising from acute pain. As demonstrated by the pre-clinical data, TRD208 demonstrates rapid
    onset, potent analgesic effects, and prolonged duration of action in the model of postoperative
    pain. As a non-opioid drug with multitarget synergistic effects, TRD208 is expected to achieve
    multi-modal analgesic effects with a single agent, which may potentially replace current
    mainstream combination therapies. This will simplify treatment regimens, improve patient
    compliance while avoiding the risk of opioid dependence.




                                                                               Interim Report 2026       21
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     FINANCIAL REVIEW
     During the period, the Group recorded revenue of approximately RMB19,444.36 million, an increase
     of approximately 10.6% over the same period last year. Profit attributable to owners of the parent as
     reported was approximately RMB3,434.60 million, an increase of approximately 1.4% over the same
     period last year. Basic earnings per share based on profit attributable to owners of the parent as reported
     were approximately RMB19.10 cents, an increase of approximately 1.5% over the same period last year.
     The year-on-year increase in profit attributable to owners of the parent as reported was mainly driven
     by a notable growth in revenue and a decrease in dividend income and fair value gain on investments
     during the period. Excluding the amortisation of newly identified intangible assets, the share of profits
     and losses of associates and joint ventures (net of related tax and non-controlling interests), fair value
     changes and the impairment of one-off adjustments of certain assets and liabilities (net of related
     tax and non-controlling interests), fair value (gains)/losses of current equity investments, net (net of
     related tax and non-controlling interests), share-based payment (net of related tax and non-controlling
     interests), interest expenses and exchange loss of the convertible bond debt component, etc., underlying
     profit attributable to owners of the parent (non-HKFRS measure) was approximately RMB3,339.32
     million, an increase of approximately 8.1% over the same period last year. Excluding dividend income
     from Sinovac LS, underlying profit significantly rose by RMB1.6 billion, representing an increase of
     92.3% year-on-year.

     The Group’s liquidity remains strong. As at the end of the current period, the Group’s fund reserve was
     approximately RMB34,583.64 million (31 December 2025: approximately RMB32,990.24 million),
     net cash (including wealth management products) was approximately RMB17,412.19 million (31
     December 2025: approximately RMB16,920.23 million).

     CONTINUING OPERATIONS
     The major therapeutic areas of the Group include oncology medicines, liver/cardiometabolic diseases
     medicines, respiratory/autoimmune diseases medicines and surgery/analgesia medicines. These
     are categorized into innovative drugs, out-licensing, biosimilars and generics drugs. Among them,
     innovative drugs and out-licensing, are the primary driver of the Group’s performance growth.

     INNOVATIVE DRUGS AND OUT-LICENSING
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the sales of innovative drugs and out-licensing amounted to
     approximately RMB8,789.40 million, representing approximately 45.2% of the Group’s revenue, an
     increase of approximately 44.3% over the same period last year.




22   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
                                     Management Discussion and Analysis

NON-HKFRS MEASURE
For the purpose of assessing the performance of the Group, the Company has also presented the
underlying profit attributable to owners of the parent as an additional financial measure, which is not
required by, or presented in accordance with the Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”).
The Group believes that this non-HKFRS financial measure better reflects the underlying operational
performance of the Group by eliminating certain non-operating, non-cash (i.e. non-recurring gains
and losses that are not related to continuing operations, such as discontinued operations, significant
asset impairment, equity settled share-based payments, etc.) and non-recurring (i.e. gains and losses
from non-core businesses (businesses other than the Group’s research and development, production
and commercialization of innovative drugs, biosimilars and generic drugs and out-licensing), including
investments in associates and joint ventures, and fluctuations in the fair value of financial assets
(financial investments), etc.) items which the Group does not consider indicative of the Group’s
fundamental operating performance. However, the presentation of this non-HKFRS financial measure
is not intended to be a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented
in accordance with HKFRS. Underlying profit attributable to owners of the parent for the period
increased by approximately 8.1% over the same period last year.

Effective 1 January 2025 we refined the definition of underlying profit attributable to owners of the
parent as follows, and have updated prior period comparative figures to reflect the change, which is
excluding intangible asset amortization on acquired intangibles from merger and acquisition. Additional
detail on this adjustment is provided below.

Underlying profit attributable to owners of the parent is presented excluding the impact of the
following item from profit attributable to owners of the parent as reported:

Intangible asset amortization – the amortization expense associated with finite life intangible assets
arising from acquisitions or business combinations.




                                                                                 Interim Report 2026       23
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     Additional information is provided below to reconcile the profit attributable to owners of the parent as
     reported and the underlying profit attributable to owners of the parent:

                                                            For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                      2026             2025        Change
                                                                 RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000            %
                                                              (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)


     Profit attributable to owners of the parent as
       reported                                                  3,434,598         3,388,591        +1.4%
     Adjusted for:
     Amortisation of newly identified intangible assets             1,235              1,188
     Share of profits and losses of associates and
       joint ventures (net of related tax and
       non-controlling interests)                                  25,092              3,500
     Fair value changes and the impairment of one-off
       adjustments of certain assets and liabilities (net
       of related tax and non-controlling interests)               (61,878)         (332,902)
     Fair value (gains)/losses of current equity
       investments, net (net of related tax and non-
       controlling interests)                                    (127,803)             4,849
     Share-based payment (net of related tax and
       non-controlling interests)                                  68,074            23,501
     Convertible bond debt component of:
       – Interest expenses                                               –               46
       – Exchange loss                                                   –               65

     Underlying profit attributable to owners
       of the parent                                             3,339,318         3,088,838        +8.1%
     Basic earnings per share
     Underlying profit attributable to owners
       of the parent used in the basic earnings
       per share calculation                                     3,339,318         3,088,838        +8.1%

     Weighted average number of ordinary shares
      in issue during the period used in the basic
      earnings per share calculation (Shares)               17,983,011,615    18,003,635,574

     Basic earnings per share, based on underlying
       profit attributable to owners of the parent
       (RMB cents)                                                  18.57              17.16        +8.2%




24   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
                                     Management Discussion and Analysis

The Company provides the reconciliation of the following Non-HKFRS financial metrics adjusting
items to further illustrate the relationship between these adjusting items and the HKFRS financial data.
These additional figures provide our shareholders and investors with useful supplementary information
about our ongoing operating performance of the Group’s core business and facilitates the analysis and
comparison of financial measures between periods.

The use of these non-HKFRS measures may have certain limitations as a tool for analysis and
comparison. Shareholders and investors are advised not to consider these non-HKFRS measures in
isolation from, or as a substitute for analysis of, the Group’s financial performance as reported under
HKFRS. Also, please note that these non-HKFRS measures may be defined differently from similar
terms used by other companies.

                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                2026           2025
                                                                          RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000
                                                                       (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


1. Share of profits and losses of associates and joint ventures
   (net of related tax and non-controlling interests)
   Share of loss of associates and joint ventures                          (27,546)            (4,823)
   Related tax                                                                 419             (1,955)
   Non-controlling interests                                                 2,035              3,278

  Adjusted amount                                                          (25,092)            (3,500)


2. Share-based payments (net of related tax and
   non-controlling interests)
   Equity settled share-based payments                                     (84,931)           (58,628)
   Related tax                                                               3,104             18,939
   Non-controlling interests                                                13,753             16,188

  Adjusted amount                                                          (68,074)           (23,501)


3. Fair value changes and the impairment of one-off
   adjustments of certain assets and liabilities
   (net of related tax and non-controlling interests)
   Fair value changes of financial assets at fair value
     through profit or loss (non-current), net                              36,012           541,479
   Impairment loss on other receivables                                          –          (211,273)
   Gain on deemed partial disposal of an associate                           1,124               352
   Gain from changes in the fair value of contingent consideration          25,840                 –
   Related tax                                                              (1,098)            2,344

  Adjusted amount                                                           61,878           332,902




                                                                                 Interim Report 2026       25
     Management Discussion and Analysis

                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                     2026           2025
                                                                               RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000
                                                                            (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


     4. Fair value gains/(losses) of current equity investments,
        net (net of related tax and non-controlling interests)
        Fair value changes of equity investments designated
          at fair value through profit or loss, net                              150,687             (16,112)
        Related tax                                                               (7,678)              3,448
        Non-controlling interests                                                (15,206)              7,815

        Adjusted amount                                                          127,803              (4,849)


     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss represent financial investments in listed companies,
     with valuation changes reflecting market factors rather than the sales and R&D of the Group’s
     pharmaceutical products.

     5. Amortisation of newly identified intangible assets
        (net of related tax and non-controlling interests)
        Amortisation of newly identified intangible assets                          3,553              3,553
        Related tax                                                                  (533)              (533)
        Non-controlling interests                                                  (1,785)            (1,832)

        Adjusted amount                                                             1,235              1,188


     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT
     As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s major investment is the 15.03% equity interests in Sinovac Life
     Sciences Co., Ltd. (“SINOVAC LS”), a company which is engaged in the R&D, production and sales
     of human vaccines. The 15.03% equity interest in SINOVAC LS held by the Group was accounted
     for as “non-current equity investment designated at fair value through other comprehensive income”
     in the financial statements of the Group as at 30 June 2026. The investment cost was approximately
     US$515 million (equivalent to approximately RMB3,387.77 million). The fair value of the investment
     in SINOVAC LS was approximately RMB7,249 million as at 30 June 2026 (31 December 2025:
     RMB7,529 million), which accounted for approximately 8.7% of total assets of the Group (31
     December 2025: 9.9%). No dividend (net of tax) was received from SINOVAC LS during the first
     half year of 2026 (2025: RMB1,352.70 million (net of tax) was received and was recognised in profit
     or loss). SINOVAC LS is dedicated to developing innovative vaccines and related biopharmaceutical
     products and continues to strengthen its R&D and commercialization capabilities in biological
     medicine technology. The investment in SINOVAC LS has been a great success and the Group may
     continuously receive potential dividends in the future.




26   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
                                     Management Discussion and Analysis

EQUITY INVESTMENTS/FINANCIAL ASSETS DESIGNATED
AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS AND EQUITY
INVESTMENTS DESIGNATED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
As at 30 June 2026, the Group had: 1) non-current equity investments designated at fair value
through other comprehensive income (including certain listed and unlisted equity investments such
as SINOVAC LS) of approximately RMB8,885.59 million (31 December 2025: approximately
RMB9,470.88 million); and 2) equity investments designated at fair value through profit or loss
(including certain listed equity investments) of approximately RMB114.64 million (31 December
2025: approximately RMB219.23 million).

In addition, as at 30 June 2026, the Group had the non-current financial assets at fair value through
profit or loss of approximately RMB2,387.02 million (31 December 2025: RMB2,109.09 million) and
the current financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, including certain wealth management
products of approximately RMB12,543.50 million (31 December 2025: approximately RMB10,146.68
million) and contingent consideration receivables of approximately RMB37.19 million. The
wealth management products included CSC Financial (approximately RMB2,593.98 million),
Huatai Securities (approximately RMB1,539.89 million), China Galaxy Securities (approximately
RMB1,050.00 million), CITIC Securities(approximately RMB780.00 million), CITIC Bank
(approximately RMB780.00 million), Guotai Haitong Securities (approximately RMB775.00 million),
ICBC (approximately RMB710.00 million) and the wealth management products from other banks.
Majority of the wealth management products consisted of principal-guaranteed products with floating
return and relatively lower risk of default. All principal and interests will be paid together on the
maturity date. The Board of the Company believes that the investment in wealth management products
can strengthen the financial position of the Group and bring the fruitful contribution to the profit of
the Group. As at 30 June 2026, the above-mentioned wealth management products (approximately
RMB12,543.50 million) together with the wealth management products classified in other receivables
of RMB Nil (31 December 2025: approximately RMB414.83 million), representing approximately
15.1% of the total assets of the Group.

Each of the transactions of acquisition or disposal of wealth management products as abovementioned
was entered into with third party who was not a connected person (as defined in the Rules Governing
the Listing of Securities (“Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Stock
Exchange”)) of the Company, and did not constitute a notifiable transaction of the Company under
Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules as all the applicable percentage ratios were less than 5%, calculated
either on a standalone basis or by aggregation of the transactions with the same counterparty pursuant
to the Rule 14.22 of the Listing Rules.

The Board considers that the investment in equity investments and financial assets can diversify the
investment portfolio of the Group and achieve a better return to the Group in the future.




                                                                                Interim Report 2026       27
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     INVESTOR RELATIONS
     The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to ensure its long-
     term sustainable development. It also attaches great importance to communication with shareholders
     and investors. During the reporting period, the Group actively maintained close and sound contact
     with a wide range of investors worldwide through different channels to ensure adequate two-way
     communication. In addition to ensuring that investors had a thorough understanding of its latest
     business developments and strategies, the Group was also able to gather valuable views from the
     investment community through interaction with investors to help raise corporate governance practices.

     The Group has continued to publish its annual reports, interim reports, disclosures and circulars in
     a timely manner both on its corporate website and on the website of the Hong Kong Exchanges and
     Clearing Limited, and also voluntarily issues announcements to inform shareholders and the market of
     its latest business endeavours, including product approvals, clinical progress, etc., striving to maintain a
     high level of corporate transparency and enhance market attention.

     The Group has also proactively disclosed the latest information on its business development to
     investors. On 26 March 2026, the Group held its 2025 Annual Results Announcement Conference
     in Hong Kong, introducing its full-year results and latest business updates. The event was attended by
     several hundred investors with positive feedback. In addition, the Group issues results press releases in a
     timely manner to keep retail investors informed of its latest business status and prospects through media
     channels. In addition to results press releases, the Group also releases information through the media
     on topics such as share repurchases and share purchases under its restricted share award scheme, with
     a view to maintaining a high level of information transparency and strengthening confidence among
     shareholders and the market.

     In addition, the Group participated in many global investment summits and roadshows hosted by
     major investment banks and securities companies, including Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, UBS,
     Bank of America, Citi, J.P. Morgan, HSBC, CICC, CITIC, CSC Financial, HTSC during the period.
     enabling investors to gain insights into its business development and competitive advantages. During
     the reporting period, the Group participated in more than 400 investor communication meetings in
     various forms such as one-on-one meetings, group meetings and online calls.

     The Group will continue to refine its corporate governance structure and deepen two-way
     communication with the investment community. Through proactive, comprehensive and efficient
     investor relations management, the Group will accurately and timely communicate its core
     competitiveness and long-term value to all sectors of the market.




28   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
                                     Management Discussion and Analysis

LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
The Group’s liquidity remains strong. During the period, the Group’s primary sources of funds
were cash derived from operating activities, issuance of panda bonds, and bank borrowings. As at 30
June 2026, the Group’s cash and bank balances classified under current assets were approximately
RMB14,882.14 million (31 December 2025: approximately RMB12,180.73 million). Bank deposit
classified under non-current assets were approximately RMB7,158 million (31 December 2025:
approximately RMB10,248 million). The wealth management products classified as financial assets
at fair value through profit or loss were approximately RMB12,543.50 million (31 December 2025:
approximately RMB10,146.68 million), together with wealth management products classified as other
receivables of nil (31 December 2025: approximately RMB414.83 million), the total capital reserves
were approximately RMB34,583.64 million (31 December 2025: approximately RMB32,990.24
million). The Group was in a net cash position (including wealth management products) of
approximately RMB17,412.19 million (31 December 2025: approximately RMB16,920.23 million),
being the aggregate of cash and bank balances classified under current assets, bank deposit classified
under non-current assets and wealth management products less the aggregate of short term loans, long
term loans and total lease liabilities.

CAPITAL STRUCTURE
As at 30 June 2026, the Group had short term loans of approximately RMB8,669.57 million (31
December 2025: approximately RMB8,395.44 million) and long term loans of approximately
RMB8,429.64 million (31 December 2025: approximately RMB7,583.98 million). In addition,
total lease liabilities (classified under current and non-current liabilities) amounted to approximately
RMB72.23 million as at 30 June 2026 (31 December 2025: RMB90.60 million). As at 30 June 2026,
the Group’s total available credit facilities amounted to approximately RMB59.8 billion (31 December
2025: approximately RMB63.1 billion) of which RMB42.7 billion were unused (31 December 2025:
RMB47.1 billion).

CHARGE ON ASSETS
As at 30 June 2026, the Group had charge on assets of approximately RMB717.20 million (31
December 2025: approximately RMB440.52 million).

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As at 30 June 2026, the Group and the Company had no material contingent liabilities (31 December
2025: Nil).




                                                                                 Interim Report 2026       29
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     GEARING RATIO
     As at 30 June 2026, the total assets of the Group amounted to approximately RMB83,207.72 million
     (31 December 2025: approximately RMB76,009.82 million) whereas the total liabilities amounted to
     approximately RMB36,963.01 million (31 December 2025: approximately RMB33,923.89 million).
     The gearing ratio (total liabilities over total assets) was approximately 44.4% (31 December 2025:
     approximately 44.6%).

     EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
     The Group had 22,838 employees as at 30 June 2026 and remunerates its employees based on their
     performance, experience and the prevailing market rates. Other employee benefits include mandatory
     provident fund, insurance and medical coverage, subsidized training programs as well as employee share
     incentive schemes. Total staff cost (including Directors’ remuneration and equity settled share-based
     payments) in selling and distribution costs and administrative expenses during the period under review
     was approximately RMB2,285.49 million (for the six months ended 30 June 2025: approximately
     RMB2,424.90 million).

     The Company adopted a share option scheme on 15 June 2023 (the “2023 Share Option Scheme”) and
     a share award scheme on 5 January 2018 (the “2018 Share Award Scheme”). The Company resolved
     and approved the implementation of a share incentive scheme by CT Tianqing, a subsidiary, on 7 May
     2024 (“2024 CT Tianqing Share Incentive Scheme”). The schemes will provide incentive to retain and
     encourage the selected participants for the continual operation and development of the Group. For the
     six months ended 30 June 2026, no option in respect of the shares of the Company (“Shares”) had been
     granted under the 2023 Share Option Scheme, nor any incentive share granted under the 2024 CT
     Tianqing Share Incentive Scheme, 9,275,200 restricted shares were granted and vested under the 2018
     Share Award Scheme; and as at the period end, 525,309,693 Shares were held on trust by a trustee
     under the 2018 Share Award Scheme and 338,690,000 shares were held on trust by a trustee under the
     2024 CT Tianqing Share Incentive Scheme.

     EXPOSURE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN EXCHANGE RATES
     Most of the assets and liabilities of the Group are denominated in Renminbi, US dollars, Euro,
     Japanese Yen and HK dollars. The Group has hedged part of the RMB risk in net investments in
     foreign operations by borrowing RMB loan and will continue to closely monitor the net foreign
     exchange exposure to reduce the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations.




30   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (“ESG”)
During the Period, in accordance with the overall framework set out in the “SBP Group ESG Plan
(2025–2027)”, the Group has continued to advance the close integration of ESG governance and
its development strategy. Focus was put on exploring innovative ESG management initiatives while
strengthening communication among internal and external stakeholders, and the promotion and
dissemination of its ESG values and corporate culture. The Group strives to establish a virtuous cycle of
ESG governance characterised by the collaborative participation of internal and external stakeholders.

During the first half of the year, the Group systematically initiated impactful schemes mainly on four
key areas: stakeholder engagement, implementation of innovative initiatives, guidance in supply chain
responsibility, and fulfilment of social responsibilities. It obtained commendable results in various
aspects, including advancement of ESG governance standards, carbon neutrality transition practices,
establishment of employee ESG participation model, green supply chain development, and expansion of
healthcare accessibility to the general public. These achievements gained broad social recognition, and
won numerous significant awards, among other things, improved ESG ratings from the capital market
and professional ESG awards, for the Group. Among more than ten of such awards which include
upgrade in MSCI ESG rating to “AA” (industry leader level) for the very first time, the first inclusion
in the “2026 Fortune ESG Impact List”, being selected for the second consecutive year in S&P Global’s
“Sustainability Yearbook 2025 (Global Edition)”, and was named for the fourth consecutive year in the
“S&P Global’s Sustainability Yearbook (China Edition)”.

Regarding stakeholder engagement, the Group continued to conduct “double materiality assessments”
across all business operations. By strengthening the assessment of the impact on financial materiality, it
enables a more accurate identification of ESG key material issues to serve as a more effective guidance
for the development and implementation of ESG initiatives. Building on this, the Group has further
improved its ESG report disclosures for the 2025 financial year. For the third consecutive year, the
Group obtained independent third-party assurance of its ESG report from an international professional
institute, addressing the concerns of all stakeholders in an accurate, comprehensive and extensive
manner.

Regarding innovative ESG governance, the Group has focused on planning its carbon neutrality
roadmap, launching energy-saving and carbon-reduction initiatives that is themed “switching from oil
to electricity, expanding clean energy and taking low-carbon business travel”, while reducing Scope 1, 2
and 3 carbon emissions. In the first half of the year, the Group’s carbon emission intensity decreased by
7% year-on-year. The Group organised for the third consecutive year the “ESG DAY of SBP Group”,
an initiative for fostering ESG culture across the entire workforce. On the day of the event, the Group
officially launched the “ESG Knowledge and Action” app, a digital platform for all employees, with
integrated functions including teaching, rationalized suggestion collection, and ESG incentive points,
for the purpose of establishing a ESG development model which engages the entire workforce. To date,
the “ESG Knowledge and Action” app has recorded over 4,000 users.




                                                                                   Interim Report 2026       31
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     As for leading supply chain responsibility, building on its previous experience and foundation in
     responsible supply chain development, the Group became the first in the industry to launch the green
     supply chain scheme, and formally introduced the “Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited Green Supply
     Chain Initiative”, which covers all key Tier 1 and Tier 2 suppliers. This serves as the basis for the
     Group to lead the green transition of the supply chain and provides clear guidance for the low-carbon
     transition to business partners across the supply chain.

     As for social responsibility, leveraging its own industrial advantages, the Group continuously advances
     the accessibility of medicines across the society. In the first half of the year, the Group’s core member
     company, CT Tianqing, donated RMB100 million to the Foundation for the Development of Science
     and Technology in China in a practical move to support the national “15th Five-Year Plan” strategic
     framework, contributing to the development of the biopharmaceutical industry as an emerging pillar
     industry in China, and helped bolster China’s high-level scientific and technological self-reliance and
     self-improvement.




32   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
 Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
RESULTS
The Board of the Company announces the unaudited interim condensed consolidated results of the
Group for the six months ended 30 June 2026 together with the comparative figures for 2025 as
follows:

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                            2026             2025
                                                      Notes           RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                   (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)

REVENUE                                                 3            19,444,363           17,574,778
Cost of sales                                                        (3,296,638)          (3,081,084)

Gross profit                                                         16,147,725           14,493,694

Other income                                            3               332,928            1,686,771
Other gains, net                                        3               271,337              626,158
Selling and distribution costs                                       (5,260,112)          (6,449,904)
Administrative expenses                                                (969,464)          (1,093,529)
Research and development costs                                       (3,080,029)          (3,187,558)
Other expenses                                                         (226,426)            (354,218)
Financial revenue                                                       320,479              373,576
Financial cost                                          4              (169,501)            (123,204)
Net financial income                                                    150,978              250,372
Share of profits and losses of associates and
   joint ventures                                                        (27,546)              (4,823)

PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                       5             7,339,391            5,966,963
Income tax expense                                      6            (1,195,921)            (981,324)

PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                                 6,143,470            4,985,639
Profit attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                3,434,598            3,388,591
  Non-controlling interests                                           2,708,872            1,597,048

                                                                      6,143,470            4,985,639

EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE
  TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF
  THE PARENT                                            8

  – Basic                                                      RMB19.10 cents       RMB18.82 cents

  – Diluted                                                    RMB19.03 cents       RMB18.80 cents

Details of the interim dividend declared for the period are disclosed in Note 7 of this announcement.


                                                                                 Interim Report 2026     33
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                  2026            2025
                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                          (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


     PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                                  6,143,470       4,985,639

     OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified
       to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
     Exchange differences:
       Net loss on hedge of net investment                                   (177,114)       (120,561)
       Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations             (292,929)       (483,522)
       Less: Reclassification adjustments upon deemed
          partial disposal of an associate                                          –             105

     Net other comprehensive income that may be reclassified
       to profit or loss in subsequent periods                               (470,043)       (603,978)

     Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified
       to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
       Equity investments designated at fair value through other
          comprehensive income:
          Changes in fair value                                              (129,153)       (280,856)
          Income tax effect                                                         –               –

     Net other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to
       profit or loss in subsequent periods                                  (129,153)       (280,856)

     OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD,
      NET OF TAX                                                             (599,196)       (884,834)

     TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD                              5,544,274       4,100,805

     Attributable to:
       Owners of the parent                                                 2,835,430       2,503,699
       Non-controlling interests                                            2,708,844       1,597,106

                                                                            5,544,274       4,100,805




34   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                    30 June   31 December
                                                                      2026           2025
                                                        Notes     RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                (Unaudited)      (Audited)


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                            9       8,559,560       8,699,735
Investment properties                                              213,591         231,666
Right-of-use assets                                              1,511,519       1,533,670
Goodwill                                                         4,352,631       3,496,187
Intangible assets                                                3,755,081       3,555,971
Investments in associates and joint ventures                     1,723,918       1,637,117
Equity investments designated at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                                     8,885,585       9,470,879
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss            2,387,021       2,109,090
Bank deposits                                                    7,158,000      10,248,000
Deferred tax assets                                                581,000         506,585
Prepayments and other assets                                        40,384          55,847

Total non-current assets                                        39,168,290      41,544,747

CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                      1,968,246       2,256,663
Trade and bills receivables                              10     10,676,350       6,263,587
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                  3,351,893       3,021,784
Amounts due from related companies                                 465,482         376,400
Equity investments designated at fair value through
  profit or loss                                                   114,637         219,232
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           12,580,685      10,146,679
Cash and bank balances                                   11     14,882,137      12,180,729

Total current assets                                            44,039,430      34,465,074
CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and bills payables                                 12      2,166,008       1,497,288
Tax payable                                                        706,017         696,154
Other payables and accruals                                     15,253,125      14,523,669
Interest-bearing bank borrowings                                 8,669,570       8,395,435
Amounts due to related companies                                   200,975          47,019
Lease liabilities                                                   11,385          23,287
Contingent consideration                                            16,470          16,717

Total current liabilities                                       27,023,550      25,199,569

NET CURRENT ASSETS                                              17,015,880       9,265,505

TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                           56,184,170      50,810,252




                                                                         Interim Report 2026   35
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

                                                               30 June   31 December
                                                                 2026           2025
                                                   Notes     RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                           (Unaudited)      (Audited)


     TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                 56,184,170     50,810,252

     NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Deferred government grants                               695,064        621,875
     Interest-bearing bank borrowings                       8,429,642      7,583,979
     Lease liabilities                                         60,844         67,310
     Contingent consideration                                 200,988        164,759
     Deferred tax liabilities                                 552,917        286,402

     Total non-current liabilities                          9,939,455      8,724,325

     Net assets                                            46,244,715     42,085,927

     EQUITY
     Equity attributable to owners of the parent
     Share capital                                  13        412,469        413,669
     Treasury shares                                       (2,961,178)    (2,951,211)
     Reserves                                              35,116,790     33,208,500

                                                           32,568,081     30,670,958

     Non-controlling interests                             13,676,634     11,414,969

     Total equity                                          46,244,715     42,085,927




36   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                  Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                               Fair value
                                                                                                               reserve of
                                                                                                                financial
                                                                                                                 assets at
                                                                                                               fair value
                                                               Share                                 Asset through other                                   Exchange                                 Non-
                                                   Share    premium     Treasury    Capital    revaluation comprehensive Contributed           Reserve   fluctuation     Retained              controlling      Total
                                                  capital    account      shares     reserve       reserve        income     surplus            funds         reserve      profits     Total     interests     equity
                                                RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000

At 1 January 2026                               413,669 12,311,468 (2,951,211) (9,596,078)       28,176 (1,166,110)                 22,691 7,980,649 (1,325,640) 24,953,344 30,670,958 11,414,969 42,085,927
Profit for the period                                 –          –          –           –             –          –                       –         –          – 3,434,598 3,434,598 2,708,872 6,143,470
Other comprehensive income for the period:
  Fair value changes of financial assets               –          –           –           –           – (129,153)                        –          –              –            – (129,153)             – (129,153)
  Exchange differences related to
     foreign operations                                –          –           –           –           –                  –               –          – (470,015)                 – (470,015)          (28) (470,043)

Total comprehensive income for the year                –          –          –           –            – (129,153)                        –          – (470,015) 3,434,598 2,835,430 2,708,844 5,544,274
Equity-settled share-based payment                     –          –          –      84,871            –        –                         –          –        –          – 84,871           60 84,931
Exercise of restricted shares                          –          –     50,982     (51,173)           –        –                         –          –        –          –      (191)      191         –
Acquisition of subsidiaries                            –          –          –      87,451            –        –                         –          –        –          – 87,451            – 87,451
Capital contribution from
  non-controlling shareholders                         –          –           –      3,189            –                  –               –          –              –            –     3,189      13,810      16,999
Dividends declared to
  non-controlling shareholders                        –         –        –                –           –                  –               –          –              –        –         – (461,240) (461,240)
Repurchase of shares for cancel ation                 –         – (270,450)               –           –                  –               –          –              –        – (270,450)        – (270,450)
Repurchase of shares under share award scheme         –         – (60,949)                –           –                  –               –          –              –        – (60,949)         – (60,949)
Cancellation of treasury shares                  (1,200) (269,250) 270,450                –           –                  –               –          –              –        –         –        –         –
Final 2025 dividend declared                          –         –        –                –           –                  –               –          –              – (782,228) (782,228)       – (782,228)

At 30 June 2026                                 412,469 12,042,218 (2,961,178) (9,471,740)       28,176 (1,295,263)                 22,691 7,980,649 (1,795,655) 27,605,714 32,568,081 13,676,634 46,244,715




                                                                                                                                                                           Interim Report 2026                          37
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                                                                                                            Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                        Fair value
                                                                                                                        reserve of
                                                                                                                         financial
                                                                                                                          assets at
                                                                                                                        fair value
                                                                       Share                                  Asset through other                                     Exchange                                   Non-
                                                           Share    premium     Treasury    Capital    revaluation comprehensive           Contributed    Reserve   fluctuation     Retained                controlling      Total
                                                          capital    account      shares     reserve        reserve        income              surplus     funds         reserve      profits     Total       interests     equity
                                                        RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000                     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

     At 1 January 2025                                  414,384 12,397,931 (2,974,787) (9,277,617)       28,176           147,615              22,691 6,517,905     (596,069) 25,280,560 31,960,789 10,813,281 42,774,070
     Profit for the period                                    –          –          –           –             –                 –                   –         –            – 3,388,591 3,388,591 1,597,048 4,985,639
     Other comprehensive income for the period:
       Fair value changes of financial assets                 –          –          –           –               –        (280,856)                  –          –              –            –    (280,856)            –    (280,856)
       Transfer of fair value reserve upon the disposal
          of equity investments at fair value through
          other comprehensive income                          –          –          –           –               –           (4,306)                 –          –           –         4,306             –            –            –
     Exchange differences related to foreign operations       –          –          –           –               –                –                  –          –    (604,036)            –      (604,036)          58     (603,978)

     Total comprehensive income for the period                 –          –          –           –              –        (285,162)                  –          –    (604,036) 3,392,897 2,503,699 1,597,106 4,100,805
     Equity-settled share-based payment                        –          –          –      57,255              –               –                   –          –           –          – 57,255        1,373 58,628
     Exercise of restricted shares                             –          –        203        (203)             –               –                   –          –           –          –         –         –         –
     Purchase of additional interests of subsidiaries
       from non-controlling shareholders                       –          –           –    (383,562)            –                  –                –          –              –            –    (383,562)    (99,841) (483,403)
     Capital contribution from non-controlling
       shareholders                                            –          –           –           –             –                  –                –          –              –            –           –    101,000       101,000
     Dividends declared to non-controlling
       shareholders                                           –           –          –            –             –                  –                –          –              –           –         –         (8,778) (8,778)
     Repurchase of shares for cancellation                    –           –    (87,175)           –             –                  –                –          –              –           – (87,175)               – (87,175)
     Repurchase of shares under share award scheme            –           –    (22,822)           –             –                  –                –          –              –           – (22,822)               – (22,822)
     Cancellation of treasury shares                       (704)    (86,471)    87,175            –             –                  –                –          –              –           –         –              –        –
     Final 2024 dividend declared                             –           –          –            –             –                  –                –          –              –    (654,610) (654,610)             – (654,610)

     At 30 June 2025                                    413,680 12,311,460 (2,997,406) (9,604,127)       28,176          (137,547)             22,691 6,517,905 (1,200,105) 28,018,847 33,373,574 12,404,141 45,777,715




38   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                     2026           2025
                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                            (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net cash flows from operating activities                      4,318,965        3,160,448

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of items of property, plant and equipment             (299,059)        (270,849)
Net cash inflow from disposal of subsidiaries                         –          346,172
Net cash outflow for acquisition of subsidiaries               (997,538)               –
Increase in wealth management products recorded in
  financial assets at fair value through profit or loss      (2,459,868)      (3,753,756)
Decrease/(increase) in wealth management products
  recorded in other receivables                                 414,828         (382,733)
Investment in financial assets designated at fair value
  through profit or loss                                        (59,294)        (145,932)
Decrease/(increase) in time deposits with original
  maturity of more than three months                          5,090,742       (4,847,162)
Dividends received from investments                              70,779        1,503,660
Other investing cash inflows, net                               213,390          261,933

Net cash flows generated from/(used in) investing
  activities                                                  1,973,980       (7,288,667)

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
New bank loans                                                7,288,902        4,868,443
Redemption of convertible bonds                                       –          (15,641)
Repayment of bank loans                                      (6,189,104)      (2,617,167)
Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders               (2,085,527)         (25,935)
Repurchase of shares                                           (331,399)        (109,997)
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                              –         (483,403)
Capital contribution from non-controlling interests              16,999          101,000
Other financing cash outflow, net                              (192,293)        (140,327)

Net cash flows (used in)/generated from financing
  activities                                                 (1,492,422)       1,576,973

NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND
  CASH EQUIVALENTS                                            4,800,523       (2,551,246)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period              7,384,895        6,231,523
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                    (61,190)         (29,603)

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF
 PERIOD                                                      12,124,228        3,650,674

ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH
  EQUIVALENTS
Cash and bank balances, unrestricted                         10,106,350        3,568,809
Time deposits with original maturity of less than three
  months when acquired                                        2,017,878           81,865

                                                             12,124,228        3,650,674



                                                                      Interim Report 2026    39
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     1.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN
           ACCOUNTING POLICIES
           1.1   BASIS OF PREPARATION

                 The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30
                 June 2026 has been prepared in accordance with HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting.
                 The interim condensed consolidated financial information does not include all the
                 information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be
                 read in conjunction with the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the
                 year ended 31 December 2025.

           1.2   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES

                 The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the condensed consolidated
                 financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2026 are consistent with those
                 presented in the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended
                 31 December 2025, except for the new and revised standards mandatorily effective
                 during the current interim period. The Group has not early adopted any other standard,
                 interpretation or amendment that has been issued but is not yet effective.

                 In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following new and amendments
                 to HKFRS Accounting Standards issued by the HKICPA, for the first time, which are
                 mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2026 for the
                 preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements:

                 Amendments to HKFRS 9 and The contracts referencing nature-dependent electricity
                   HKFRS 7 (Revised)
                 Amendments to HKFRS 9 and Classification and measurement of financial
                   HKFRS 7 (Revised)            instruments
                 Annual improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11

                 The application of these amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that are effective
                 from 1 January 2026 did not have any significant impact on the Group’s financial
                 positions and performance for the current and prior periods and on the disclosures set
                 out in these condensed consolidated financial statements. The Group has not early
                 adopted any new standard, interpretation or amendment that has been issued but is not
                 yet effective for the current accounting period.




40   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

2.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

     Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided
     to the chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”). The Group’s business activities, for which
     discrete financial statements are available, are reviewed and evaluated by CODM. CODM,
     who is responsible for allocating resources and regularly assessing performance of the operating
     segment, has been identified as the executive directors of the Company that make strategic
     decisions.

     During 2025, CODM has reorganized the structure of internal reporting in a manner that
     causes the composition of the Group’s reportable operating segment to change. In order to
     provide more relevant accounting information in the financial report that is reflective of the
     current business management structure of the Group, the Company has decided to adjust the
     presentation of its operating segments.

     Before the change in segment reporting, the Group had three business segments, including
     patent medicines, investment and others. After the reorganization, the Group has one reportable
     operating segment as the CODM monitors the operating results of the Group as a whole for the
     purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. This change
     does not affect the financial statement information disclosures and presentation, and it only
     affects the presentation of segment year’s reporting. Previous year segment disclosures have been
     re-presented to conform with the current year’s presentation.

     Given after the change, there is only one reportable segment, so no operating segment
     information was presented.

     Information about geographical areas

     Since over 90% of the Group’s revenue were generated from the sale of pharmaceutical products
     in Chinese Mainland and most of the Group’s identifiable operating assets and liabilities were
     located in Chinese Mainland, no geographical segment information in accordance with HKFRS
     8 Operating Segments is presented.

     Information about a major customer

     No information about major customers is presented as no single customer contributed to over
     10% or more of the Group’s revenue for the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025, and
     hence no major customer information is presented.




                                                                               Interim Report 2026       41
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

     3.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND OTHER GAINS, NET

           Revenue represents the net invoiced value of goods or services sold, after allowances for returns
           and trade discounts.

           An analysis of revenue, other income and other gains, net is as follows:

                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2026           2025
                                                                             RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000
                                                                          (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


           Revenue from contracts with customers
           Sale of industrial products                                      18,221,818        17,248,391
           Revenue from out-licensing                                          975,356            44,297
           Revenue from other sources                                          247,189           282,090

                                                                            19,444,363        17,574,778


                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2026           2025
                                                                             RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000
                                                                          (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


           Other income
           Dividend income                                                      70,778         1,503,660
           Government grants                                                    27,009            26,732
           Sale of scrap materials                                               2,794             1,272
           Investment income                                                   108,872           102,034
           Total rental income                                                   8,024             3,028
           Additional value-added tax credit                                    26,697            10,627
           Others                                                               88,754            39,418

                                                                               332,928         1,686,771




42   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

3.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND OTHER GAINS, NET
     (continued)
                                                               For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2026           2025
                                                                    RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000
                                                                 (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


     Other gains, net
     Gain on disposal of items of property,
       plant and equipment                                             1,523            1,019
     Gain on deemed partial disposal of an associate                   1,124              352
     Fair value gains/(losses), net
       Equity investments designated at fair value through
          profit or loss                                             150,687          (16,112)
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          13,531            9,917
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
          (non-current)                                               36,012          541,479
       Contingent consideration                                       25,840                –
     Exchange gains, net                                              42,620           89,503

                                                                     271,337          626,158


4.   FINANCE COSTS

                                                               For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2026           2025
                                                                    RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000
                                                                 (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


     Interest on bank borrowings                                     168,356          121,160
     Interest on convertible bonds                                         –               46
     Interest on lease liabilities                                     1,145            1,998

                                                                     169,501          123,204




                                                                           Interim Report 2026    43
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

     5.    PROFIT BEFORE TAX

           The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2026             2025
                                                                                 RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000
                                                                              (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)


           Cost of inventories sold                                             3,296,638         3,081,084
           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                          400,195           431,830
           Depreciation of investment properties                                   13,402            13,947
           Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                     26,246            45,795
           Amortization of intangible assets                                      105,670            84,120
           Research and development costs                                       3,080,029         3,187,558
           Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment              (1,523)           (1,019)
           Gain on deemed partial disposal of an associate                         (1,124)             (352)
           Share of results of associates and joint venture                        27,546             4,823
           Bank interest income                                                  (320,479)         (373,576)
           Dividend income                                                        (70,778)       (1,503,660)
           Investment income                                                     (108,872)         (102,034)
           Fair value (gains)/losses, net:
             Equity investments designated at fair value through
                 profit or loss                                                  (150,687)           16,112
             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                (13,531)           (9,917)
             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                 (Non-current)                                                       (36,012)      (541,479)
             Contingent consideration                                                (25,840)             –

           Auditors’ remuneration                                                     3,733           3,565
           Staff costs (including directors’ remuneration) in selling and
              distribution costs and administrative expenses:
              Wages and salaries                                                1,785,263         1,918,241
              Pension scheme contributions                                        415,297           448,029
              Equity settled share based payments                                  84,931            58,628

                                                                                2,285,491         2,424,898

           Exchange difference, net                                                  (42,620)       (89,503)
           Impairment loss on Trade Receivables                                       32,311         24,616
           Impairment loss on Other Receivables (Reversal)/Loss                       (4,857)       211,273




44   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

6.   INCOME TAX

     Taxes on profits have been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing in the jurisdictions in which
     the Group operates.

                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2026            2025
                                                                       RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000
                                                                     (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


     Group:
       Current – Hong Kong                                                     –                  –
       Current – Mainland China                                        1,127,969            816,512
       Deferred tax                                                       67,952            164,812

     Total tax charge for the period                                   1,195,921            981,324


     The Company incorporated in the Cayman Islands is not subject to tax on income or capital
     gains under the law of the Cayman Islands. In addition, dividend payments are not subject to
     withholding tax in the Cayman Islands.

     The subsidiaries incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (the “BVI”) are not subject to income
     tax as these subsidiaries do not have a place of business (other than a registered office only) or
     carry on any business in the BVI.

     The subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong is subject to Hong Kong profits tax at the rate
     of 16.5% (2025: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits arising in Hong Kong during the
     period.

     The subsidiary incorporated in the United Kingdom (“UK”) is subject to UK Corporate Income
     Tax at a rate of 25% (2025: 25%) on the estimated assessable profits arising in the UK during
     the period.

     Belgium profits tax has been provided at a rate of 25% (2025: 25%) on the estimated assessable
     profits arising in Belgium during the period.




                                                                                Interim Report 2026       45
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

     6.    INCOME TAX (continued)

           The provision for corporate income tax in Mainland China is based on the statutory rate of
           25% of the assessable profits as determined in accordance with the PRC Corporate Income Tax
           Law which was approved and became effective on 1 January 2008.

           Certain subsidiaries operating in Mainland China were entitled to a preferential corporate
           income tax rate of 15% during the period because they were qualified as “High and New
           Technology Enterprises”.

           Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends
           declared to foreign investors from the foreign investment enterprises established in Mainland
           China. The requirement is effective from 1 January 2008 and applies to earnings after 31
           December 2007. A lower withholding tax rate may be applied if there is a tax treaty between
           Mainland China and the jurisdiction of the foreign investors. The Group is therefore liable
           to withholding taxes on dividends distributed by subsidiaries and associates established in
           Mainland China in respect of earnings generated from 1 January 2008 with 5% and 10%,
           respectively.

           Pillar Two income taxes

           The Group is within the scope of the Pillar Two model rules. The Group has applied the
           mandatory exception to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and
           liabilities arising from Pillar Two income taxes, and will account for the Pillar Two income taxes
           as current tax when incurred. Pillar Two legislation has been enacted or substantially enacted
           and in effect as at 30 June 2026 in certain jurisdictions in which the Group operates, including
           Hong Kong, United Kingdoms, Belgium and Spain.

           Pillar Two legislation was gazetted in Hong Kong on 6 June 2025, the jurisdiction in which
           the Company is listed, and has come into effect retroactively from 1 January 2025. Under the
           legislation, the Group may be liable to pay a top-up tax for the difference between its GloBE
           effective tax rate per jurisdiction and the 15% minimum rate. The Group has not been subject
           to material current income tax exposure under the Pillar Two regime as of 30 June 2026
           according to the assessment. The Group will continue to monitor the Pillar Two developments
           and reassess the potential impact on its tax position.




46   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

7.   DIVIDEND AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                            2026              2025

                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                    (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


     Cash dividends to the ordinary equity holders
       of the parent:

     Dividends on ordinary shares declared and payable:
     Final dividend for 2025: HK5 cents per share
       (2024: HK4 cents per share)                                      782,228            667,011

     Proposed dividends on ordinary shares:
     Interim dividend for 2026: HK7 cents per share
       (2025: HK5 cents per share)                                    1,079,376            835,638


     The proposed dividends on ordinary shares are not recognised as a liability as at 30 June 2026.

     The Board has declared the payment of an interim dividend of HK7 cents per ordinary share
     for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (2025: HK5 cents). The 2026 interim dividend will
     be paid to shareholders on Thursday, 24 September 2026 whose names appear on the register
     of members of the Company on Friday, 4 September 2026. For the purpose of determining
     shareholders’ entitlement to the interim dividend, the register of members of the Company will
     be closed from Thursday, 3 September 2026 to Friday, 4 September 2026, both days inclusive,
     during which period no transfer of shares will be effected. In order to qualify for the interim
     dividend, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the
     Company’s branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services
     Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong by 4:30 p.m. on
     Wednesday, 2 September 2026.




                                                                               Interim Report 2026     47
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

     8.    EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY
           EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
           The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit attributable to
           ordinary equity holders of the parent for the period of approximately RMB3,434,598,000 (2025:
           approximately RMB3,388,591,000), and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of
           17,983,011,615 (2025: 18,003,635,574) in issue during the period.

           The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the period
           attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent, adjusted to reflect the interest, exchange
           difference and fair value change on the convertible bonds, where applicable (see below). The
           weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation is the number of ordinary
           shares in issue during the period, as used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the
           weighted average number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued at no consideration on
           the deemed exercise or conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.

           The computation of diluted earnings per share for the six months period ended 30 June
           2026 and 2025 assumes the exercise of the Company’s equity settled restricted shares granted
           pursuant to the launch of 2024 CT Tianqing Share Incentive Scheme as the exercise price
           (including the fair value of services yet to be rendered) of the restricted shares was lower than the
           average market price for the shares during the outstanding period.

           For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the calculation of diluted earnings per share assumed
           the future issuance of shares by the Company as part of the consideration for the acquisition of
           subsidiary Hygieia pursuant to the agreement entered into in connection with the acquisition of
           Hygieia.

           The diluted earnings per share for the period ended 30 June 2025 did not assume conversion of
           the convertible bonds as its conversion would be anti-dilutive.




48   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

8.   EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY
     EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT (continued)
     The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share for the six months period ended 30 June
     2026 are based on:

                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                2026           2025
                                                                          RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000
                                                                       (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


     Earnings

     Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
       used in the basic earnings per share calculation                  3,434,598         3,388,591

     Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent
       before interest on convertible bonds                              3,434,598         3,388,591

     Share of profit                                                     3,434,598         3,388,591


                                                                                No. of shares
                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2026              2025
                                                                       (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)


     Shares

     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during
      the period used in the basic earnings per share calculation    17,983,011,615   18,003,635,574

     Effect of dilution weighted average number of
        ordinary shares:
        – Equity settled share-based payments                            59,352,263       22,239,128
        – Potential issue of consideration shares related
           acquisition of a subsidiary                                    7,298,161                 –

                                                                     18,049,662,039   18,025,874,702




                                                                                 Interim Report 2026     49
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

     9.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

           During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group acquired assets at a cost of
           RMB298,249,000 (30 June 2025: RMB270,849,000).

           Assets with a net book value of RMB8,944,000 were disposed of by the Group during the
           six months ended 30 June 2026 (30 June 2025: RMB43,784,000), resulting in a net gain on
           disposal of RMB1,523,000 (30 June 2025: RMB1,019,000).

     10. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

           An ageing analysis of the Group’s trade and bills receivables as at the end of reporting period,
           based on invoice date and net of provisions, is as follows:

                                                                                30 June      31 December
                                                                                  2026              2025
                                                                              RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000
                                                                            (Unaudited)         (Audited)


           Current to 90 days                                               10,167,130         5,173,413
           91 days to 180 days                                                 136,515           736,324
           Over 180 days                                                       372,705           353,850

                                                                            10,676,350         6,263,587


     11. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                30 June      31 December
                                                                                  2026              2025
                                                                              RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000
                                                                            (Unaudited)         (Audited)


           Cash and bank balances, unrestricted                             10,106,350         4,616,897
           Time deposits with original maturity of less than three months    2,017,878         2,767,998
           Time deposits with original maturity of more than three months    2,757,909         4,795,834

           Cash and bank balances                                           14,882,137        12,180,729




50   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

12. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES

    An ageing analysis of the Group’s trade and bills payables as at the end of reporting period,
    based on invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                      30 June      31 December
                                                                        2026              2025
                                                                    RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000
                                                                  (Unaudited)         (Audited)


    Current to 90 days                                              1,250,949         1,010,073
    91 days to 180 days                                               206,349           195,423
    Over 180 days                                                     708,710           291,792

                                                                    2,166,008         1,497,288


13. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                      30 June      31 December
                                                                        2026              2025
                                                                    RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000
                                                                  (Unaudited)         (Audited)


    Issued and fully paid:
    18,705,017,230 ordinary shares of approximately
       HK$0.025 each (2025: 18,760,717,230 ordinary
       shares of approximately HK$0.025 each)                        412,469              413,669


14. COMMITMENTS

    The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                      30 June      31 December
                                                                        2026              2025
                                                                    RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000
                                                                  (Unaudited)         (Audited)


    Contracted, but not provided for:
     – Land, plant and machinery                                   1,121,309         1,070,526

                                                                   1,121,309         1,070,526



                                                                           Interim Report 2026      51
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

     15. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

           (a)   In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these financial statements, the
                 Group had the following transactions with related parties during the year:



                                                                              For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                         2026            2025
                                                                                   RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


                 Associates:
                 Sales of products (note (i))                                           12,587               24,749
                 Selling and marketing service income (note (ii))                       24,470                6,976
                 Processing fee income (note (ii))                                      74,773                    –
                 Research and development service and other
                   income (note(ii))                                                        –                   911
                 Purchases of products (note (iii))                                   151,785                47,932


                 Notes:

                 (i)      The sales to an associate were made to the published prices and conditions offered to the
                          major customers of the Group.

                 (ii)     For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group provided selling and marketing services,
                          processing services, research and development services and other services to an associate with
                          reference to market prices.

                 (iii)    The Group purchases goods from the associate according to the prices mutually agreed
                          between both parties.




52   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

15. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

    (b)   Outstanding balances with related parties:

                                                                                  30 June           31 December
                                                                                    2026                   2025
                                                                                RMB’ 000               RMB’ 000
                                                                              (Unaudited)              (Audited)


          Amounts due from related parties – trade in nature
          Associates                                                              452,481                338,274

          Total                                                                   452,481                338,274

          Amounts due to related parties – trade in nature
          Associates                                                              188,687                  34,357

          Total                                                                   188,687                  34,357

          The Group has assessed the expected loss rate for amounts due from the related parties by considering
          the financial position and credit history of the related party and assessed that the expected credit loss is
          minimal.

          The amounts due from related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The
          amount due to related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

    (c)   Loans due from an associate

          As at 30 June 2026, the Group has provided loans to TEDA Cold Chain Logistics,
          amounting to RMB13,001,000 (31 December 2025: RMB10,469,000), which are
          unsecured, carrying interest of 6.50% per annum and are repayable on demand.




                                                                                          Interim Report 2026            53
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

     16. BUSINESS COMBINATION
           Acquisition of Hangzhou Hygieia Biopharmaceutical Co., Limited (“Hygieia”)

           On 13 January 2026, the Group acquired Hygieia as a wholly-owned subsidiary. The Group
           entered into a sale and purchase agreement with the vendor, founders, Hygieia and its
           subsidiaries in Guangzhou, Xiamen and Shanghai. Pursuant to the agreement, the vendor
           conditionally agreed to sell and the purchaser conditionally agreed to acquire 100% equity
           interest in Hygieia. The maximum base consideration amounts to RMB1,200,000,000 (subject
           to downward adjustment), payable partly in cash and partly by way of consideration shares.
           Subsequent to the completion date at the end of March 2026, Hygieia became an indirect
           wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

           The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Hygieia as at the date of acquisition
           were as follows:

                                                                                                  Fair value
                                                                                              recognised on
                                                                                                 acquisition
                                                                                                  RMB’ 000


           Property, plant and equipment                                                            11,571
           Intangible assets                                                                       103,649
           Right-of-use assets                                                                       3,632
           Long-term prepayments                                                                       984
           Cash and bank balances                                                                   43,832
           Inventories                                                                               1,121
           Trade receivable                                                                        300,000
           Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                           5,375
           Trade payables                                                                          (84,811)
           Other payables and accrued expenses                                                     (16,825)
           Interest-bearing bank borrowings                                                        (20,000)
           Deferred tax liabilities                                                                (15,669)
           Lease liabilities                                                                        (3,415)
           Deferred income                                                                          (1,500)

           Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                             327,944
           Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                         872,056

                                                                                                 1,200,000

           Consideration settled as follows:
           Cash                                                                                  1,041,370
           Contingent consideration                                                                 71,179
           New shares to be issued                                                                  87,451

                                                                                                 1,200,000

54   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

16. BUSINESS COMBINATION (continued)

    Analysis of cash flows in respect of the acquisition is as follows:                     RMB’ 000


    Cash consideration paid                                                                 1,041,370
    Cash and bank balances acquired                                                           (43,832)

    Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from
      investing activities                                                                       997,538

    Total net outflow                                                                            997,538


17. F A I R V A L U E A N D F A I R V A L U E H I E R A R C H Y O F
    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the
    reporting period are as follows:

                                                 Carrying amounts                  Fair values

                                                30 June,    31 December,       30 June,   31 December,
                                                   2026             2025          2026            2025
                                               RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000
                                             (Unaudited)        (Audited)   (Unaudited)       (Audited)


    Financial assets
    Equity investments designated at
       fair value through profit or loss        114,637           219,232      114,637           219,232
    Financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss                        12,580,685        10,146,679   12,580,685      10,146,679
    Non-current: Financial assets at fair
       value through profit or loss           2,387,021         2,109,090    2,387,021       2,109,090
    Equity investments designated at
       fair value through other
       comprehensive income                   8,885,585         9,470,879    8,885,585       9,470,879
    Bill receivables                            512,666           618,117      512,666         618,117

                                             24,480,594        22,563,997   24,480,594      22,563,997

    Financial liabilities
    Interest-bearing bank borrowings         17,099,212        15,979,414   17,099,212      15,979,414
    Contingent consideration                    217,458           181,476      217,458         181,476

                                             17,316,670        16,160,890   17,316,670      16,160,890


                                                                                  Interim Report 2026      55
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

     17. F A I R V A L U E A N D F A I R V A L U E H I E R A R C H Y O F
         FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the
           instruments could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a
           forced or liquidation sale.

           The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

           Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and bank balances, bank deposit, amount
           due from related companies, trade receivable, financial assets included in prepayments, deposits
           and other receivables, trade and bills payables, financial liabilities included in other payables and
           accruals, dividend payable and amounts due to related companies approximate to their carrying
           amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.

           The fair values of the interest-bearing bank borrowings have been calculated by discounting the
           expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms,
           credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s own
           non-performance risk for interest-bearing bank and other borrowings as at 30 June 2026 were
           assessed to be insignificant. The fair values of the listed equity investments are based on quoted
           market prices.

           The fair values of the listed equity investments are based on quoted market prices.

           Fair value hierarchy

           The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial
           instruments:




56   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

17. F A I R V A L U E A N D F A I R V A L U E H I E R A R C H Y O F
    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    Fair value hierarchy (continued)

    As at 30 June, 2026 (Unaudited)

                                                                        Fair value using

                                                       Quoted prices       Significant       Significant
                                                            in active      observable      unobservable
                                                             markets           inputs            inputs
                                                           (Level 1)         (Level 2)         (Level 3)      Total
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000


    Equity investments designated at fair value
      through profit or loss                                114,636                  –                –      114,636
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or
      loss                                                         –       12,580,685                 –    12,580,685
    Non-current: Financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss                                       –                –         2,387,021     2,387,021
    Bill receivables                                               –          512,666                 –       512,666
    Equity investments at fair value through other
      comprehensive income                                  470,954                  –        8,414,631     8,885,585


    As at 31 December, 2025 (Audited)

                                                                        Fair value using

                                                       Quoted prices        Significant      Significant
                                                            in active       observable     unobservable
                                                             markets            inputs           inputs
                                                           (Level 1)          (Level 2)        (Level 3)      Total
                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000


    Equity investments designated at fair value
      through profit or loss                                 219,232                 –                –       219,232
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or
      loss                                                         –       10,146,679                 –    10,146,679
    Non-current: Financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss                                       –                –         2,109,090     2,109,090
    Bill receivables                                               –          618,117                 –       618,117
    Equity investments at fair value through other
      comprehensive income                                   582,383                 –        8,888,496     9,470,879


                                                                                                 Interim Report 2026    57
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

     17. F A I R V A L U E A N D F A I R V A L U E H I E R A R C H Y O F
         FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           Liabilities measured at fair value

           As at 30 June, 2026 (Unaudited)

                                                                 Fair value using

                                                Quoted prices       Significant       Significant
                                                     in active      observable      unobservable
                                                      markets           inputs            inputs
                                                    (Level 1)         (Level 2)         (Level 3)     Total
                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000


           Contingent consideration                         –                 –         217,458      217,458


           As at 31 December, 2025 (Audited)

                                                                 Fair value using

                                                Quoted prices        Significant      Significant
                                                     in active       observable     unobservable
                                                      markets            inputs           inputs
                                                    (Level 1)          (Level 2)        (Level 3)     Total
                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000


           Contingent consideration                         –                 –          181,476     181,476




58   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

17. F A I R V A L U E A N D F A I R V A L U E H I E R A R C H Y O F
    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    Liabilities measured at fair value (continued)

    The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the period are as follows:

                                                                                    Assets                         Liabilities

                                                                                                  Equity
                                                                      Non-current:          investments
                                                                    Financial assets        at fair value
                                                                       at fair value      through other
                                                                           through       comprehensive            Contingent
                                                                      profit or loss             income         consideration
                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000


    At 1 January 2026                                                    2,109,090               8,888,496           181,476
    Addition                                                                78,606                 135,253                 –
    Disposals                                                              (19,312)                (17,885)                –
    Total gains/(losses) recognised in the statement of profit or
      loss included in other gains/(losses), net                             36,012                        –                 –
    Total gains/(losses) recognised in other comprehensive
      income                                                                     –                  (2,485)                –
    Exchange realignment                                                   182,625                (588,748)           35,982

    At 30 June 2026                                                      2,387,021               8,414,631           217,458

                                                                                    Assets                          Liabilities

                                                                                                      Equity
                                                                       Non-current              investments
                                                                     Financial assets           at fair value
                                                                        at fair value         through other
                                                                            through          comprehensive        Contingent
                                                                       profit or loss                income     consideration
                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000          RMB’000


    At 1 January 2025                                                     4,439,113             10,899,460           210,615
    Addition                                                                 30,981                      –                 –
    Disposals                                                                     –                (95,353)                –
    Transfer out of level 3                                                (606,261)                     –                 –
    Total gains/(losses) recognised in the statement of profit or
      loss included in other gains/(losses), net                            490,711                        –                 –
    Total gains/(losses) recognised in other comprehensive
      income                                                                      –                (280,976)                –
    Exchange realignment                                                    (79,226)               (324,858)           (6,103)

    At 30 June 2025                                                       4,275,318             10,198,273           204,512


                                                                                                     Interim Report 2026          59
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

     17. F A I R V A L U E A N D F A I R V A L U E H I E R A R C H Y O F
         FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           (a)   Financial instruments in level 1

                 The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market
                 prices at the end of reporting period. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are
                 readily and regularly available from an exchange, dealer, broker, industry group, pricing
                 service, or regulatory agency, and those prices represent actual and regularly occurring
                 market transactions on an arm’s length basis. The quoted market price used for financial
                 assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1.

           (b)   Financial instruments in level 2

                 The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is
                 determined using valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the use of
                 observable market data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific
                 estimates. If all inputs that are significant to fair value measurement are observable, the
                 instrument is included in level 2.

                 The Group invests in unlisted investments, which represent wealth management
                 products issued by banks in the Chinese mainland. The Group has estimated the fair
                 value of these unlisted investments by using a discounted cash flow valuation model
                 based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar terms and risks.

                 During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements among Level 1, Level
                 2 and Level 3.

           (c)   Financial instruments in level 3

                 If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the
                 instrument is included in level 3.




60   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

17. F A I R V A L U E A N D F A I R V A L U E H I E R A R C H Y O F
    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    (c)   Financial instruments in level 3 (continued)

          The fair values of unlisted equity investments designated at fair value through other
          comprehensive income and unlisted investment (non-current) at fair value through
          profit or loss have been estimated using a market-based valuation technique based on
          assumptions that are not supported by observable market prices or rates. The valuation
          requires the directors to determine comparable public companies (peers) based on
          industry, size, leverage and strategy, and to calculate an appropriate price multiple, such
          as price to earnings (“P/E”) multiple, for each comparable company identified. The
          multiple is calculated by dividing the enterprise value of the comparable company by
          an earnings measure. The trading multiple is then discounted for considerations such as
          illiquidity and size differences between the comparable companies based on company-
          specific facts and circumstances. The discounted multiple is applied to the corresponding
          earnings measure of the unlisted equity investments to measure the fair value. The
          directors believe that the estimated fair values resulting from the valuation technique,
          which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position, and the related
          changes in fair values, which are recorded in other comprehensive income, are reasonable,
          and that they were the most appropriate values at the end of the reporting period.

          The fair value of the contingent consideration has been estimated by using a discounted
          cash flow valuation model based on the projected performance of the acquiree.

          The recurring fair value measurement for the Group’s financial assets and financial
          liabilities at fair value through profit or loss was performed using significant unobservable
          inputs (Level 3) as at 30 June, 2026. Below is a summary of the valuation techniques used
          and the key input to the valuation:

                                                                                          Significant
                                                                 Valuation              unobservable
                                                                techniques                    inputs


          Financial assets
          Unlisted equity investments, at fair value    Valuation multiples     Average P/B, P/R&D,
                                                                                    P/S, P/E, or EV/S
                                                                                     multiple of peers
          Financial Liabilities
          Contingent consideration                     Discounted cash flow          Profit forecasting
                                                                   method




                                                                               Interim Report 2026        61
     Other Information
     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND
     SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND
     DEBENTURES
     At 30 June 2026, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company
     in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations
     (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws
     of Hong Kong, “SFO”)) which were notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
     Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken
     or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required
     to be kept by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to the
     Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors (“Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the
     Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange were as follows:

     Long positions in ordinary shares of the Company

                                                           Number of Shares held, capacity and nature of interest             Approximate
                                                                                                                              percentage of
                                               Capacity/                 Directly           Through                         the Company’s
                                               Nature of              beneficially         controlled                          issued share
     Name of Director              Notes       interest                   owned          corporations               Total           capital


     Ms. Tse, Theresa Y Y                      Beneficial owner        7,748,000                   –           7,748,000            0.04%
     Mr. Tse Ping                   (1)        Beneficial owner      232,485,117       1,461,785,124       1,694,270,241            9.06%
     Ms. Cheng Cheung Ling          (2)        Beneficial owner      217,034,750       2,756,643,374       2,973,678,124           15.90%
     Mr. Tse, Eric S Y              (3)        Beneficial owner        5,000,000       4,050,000,000       4,055,000,000           21.68%
     Mr. Tse Hsin                   (4)        Beneficial owner      177,247,000         183,310,270         360,557,270            1.93%
     Dr. Li Kwok Tung Donald                   Beneficial owner           71,000                   –              71,000            0.00%

     Notes:

     (1)      Mr. Tse Ping held 1,461,785,124 Shares through Validated Profits Limited, the entire issued share capital of
              which is owned by Mr. Tse Ping.

     (2)      Ms. Cheng Cheung Ling held 2,081,643,374 and 675,000,000 Shares through True Merit Global Limited
              and Chia Tai Bainian Holdings Limited, respectively. The entire issued share capital of each of the companies
              is owned by Ms. Cheng Cheung Ling.

     (3)      Mr. Tse, Eric S Y held 2,362,500,000 and 1,687,500,000 Shares through Thousand Eagles Limited and
              Remarkable Industries Limited, respectively. The entire issued share capital of each of the companies is owned
              by Mr. Tse, Eric S Y.

     (4)      Mr. Tse Hsin held 183,310,270 Shares through Sure Smart Enterprises Limited, the entire issued share
              capital of which is owned by Mr. Tse Hsin.



62   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
                                                                       Other Information

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND
SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND
DEBENTURES (continued)
Long position in shares of associated corporations of the Company

                        Name of                                                       Approximate
                        associated                                      Number of     percentage of
Name of Director        corporation         Capacity                       shares     shareholding


Mr. Tse, Eric S Y       CT Tianqing         Interest of a controlled    44,500,000           5.00%
                                              corporation

Saved as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, none of the Directors and chief executive of the Company
had any interest or short position in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or
any of its associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to be
notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO
(including interests or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions
of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section
352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                                               Interim Report 2026       63
     Other Information

     P E R S O N S W H O H A V E A N I N T E R E S T A N D/O R S H O R T
     POSITION WHICH IS DISCLOSEABLE UNDER THE
     SECURITIES AND FUTURES ORDINANCE AND SUBSTANTIAL
     SHAREHOLDERS
     As at 30 June 2026, the following persons (not being Directors or chief executive of the Company) had
     the following interests and/or short positions in the shares and/or underlying shares of the Company
     which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV
     of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section
     336 of the SFO:

     Long positions in shares and/or underlying shares

                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                            Number of shares    percentage of
                                                                                           and/or underlying     issued share
                                                    Capacity/                                   shares of the   capital of the
     Name                                 Notes     Nature of Interest                             Company          Company


     Thousand Eagles Limited               (1)      Beneficial owner                           2,362,500,000          12.63%
     True Merit Global Limited             (2)      Beneficial owner                           2,081,643,374          11.13%
     Remarkable Industries Limited         (1)      Beneficial owner                           1,687,500,000           9.02%
     Validated Profits Limited             (3)      Beneficial owner                           1,461,785,124           7.81%
     BlackRock, Inc.                       (4)      Interest of a controlled corporation      936,826,897(L)           5.01%
                                                                                                  118,000(S)           0.00%

     Notes:

     (1)      Each of Thousand Eagles Limited and Remarkable Industries Limited is an investment holding company
              wholly-owned by Mr. Tse, Eric S Y.

     (2)      True Merit Global Limited is an investment holding company wholly-owned by Ms. Cheng Cheung Ling.

     (3)      Validated Profits Limited is an investment holding company wholly-owned by Mr. Tse Ping.

     (4)      The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the shares, while the letter “S” denotes the person’s short
              position in the shares.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, no person (not being Directors or chief executive of the
     Company) had an interest and/or short position in the shares and/or underlying shares of the Company
     which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV
     of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section
     336 of the SFO.



64   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
                                                                        Other Information

SHARE OPTION SCHEME

2023 Share Option Scheme

On 15 June 2023 (the “2023 Scheme Adoption Date”), the shareholders of the Company approved the
adoption of a share option scheme (the “2023 Share Option Scheme”), which is valid and effective for
10 years from the 2023 Scheme Adoption Date. The purpose of the scheme is to attract and retain the
best available personnel of the Group, to provide additional incentive to the eligible participants and to
promote the success of the business of the Group, by giving the eligible participants an opportunity to
have a personal stake in the Company.

Eligible participants of the 2023 Share Option Scheme (the “Eligible Participant(s)”) are (i) Employee
Participants: The directors and employees of any member of the Group, including persons who are
granted options under the scheme as inducement to enter into employment contracts with any member
of the Group; and (ii) Service Providers: Persons who provide services to any member of the Group on
a continuing and recurring basis in its ordinary and usual course of business which are in the interests
of the long-term growth and development of the Group, and fall into the categories of (a) consultants
and advisors or (b) suppliers, distributors, contractors and agents.

The total number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all options which may be granted at any
time under the 2023 Share Option Scheme shall not exceed 10% of the Shares in issue as at the 2023
Scheme Adoption Date. Within this limit, the total number of Shares which may be issued in respect
of all options which may be granted to Service Providers shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue as at
the 2023 Scheme Adoption Date.

Where any grant of an option to an Eligible Participant would result in the Shares issued and to be
issued in respect of all options and awards granted to such Eligible Participant in the 12-month period
up to and including the date of such grant representing in aggregate exceeding 1% of the Shares in issue,
such grant must be separately approved by the Company’s shareholders in a general meeting with such
Eligible Participant and the person’s close associates (or associates where applicable) abstaining from
voting. The Company must send a circular to its shareholders containing the information required
under Rule 17.03D(2) of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                   Interim Report 2026       65
     Other Information

     SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)

     2023 Share Option Scheme (continued)

     Where any grant of an option to an independent non-executive Director or a substantial shareholder,
     or any of their respective associates, would result in the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of
     all options and awards granted to such person in the 12-month period up to and including the date
     of such grant representing in aggregate exceeding 0.1% of the Shares in issue, such grant of option
     must be approved by the Company’s shareholders in a general meeting in the manner set out in Rule
     17.04(4) of the Listing Rules.

     Subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the 2023 Share Option Scheme, the Listing Rules,
     and any other applicable laws and regulations to the Company, the Board shall be entitled at any time
     to make an offer to an Eligible Participant as it may, in its absolute discretion, select, and subject to
     such conditions as the Board may think fit, to subscribe for such number of Shares at such subscription
     price as the Board may determine. An offer shall be made to an Eligible Participant in writing
     specifying the number of options offered and conditions that must be satisfied before an option can be
     exercised. The offer shall remain open for acceptance by the Eligible Participant for a period of 21 days
     from the date of offer, and shall be deemed to have been accepted by the Eligible Participant in respect
     of all the options which are offered when the duplicate letter comprising acceptance of the offer duly
     signed by the Eligible Participant, together with a payment in favour of the Company of HK$1.00 as
     consideration for the grant thereof, is received by the Company.

     Subject to the terms of the 2023 Share Option Scheme, an option may be exercised in whole or in part
     at any time during the period determined and notified by the Company to the grantee at the time of
     grant of the option, provided that such period shall not go beyond the day immediately prior to the
     tenth anniversary of the offer date. Except for the specific and limited circumstances prescribed in the
     2023 Share Option Scheme, the Board may not grant options with a vesting period shorter than 1 year,
     commencing on the offer date and ending on the day immediately prior to the first anniversary thereof.

     The subscription price for Shares to be subscribed under the 2023 Share Option Scheme may be
     determined by the Board at its absolute discretion, provided that it shall not be less than the highest of
     (i) the closing price of the Shares on the offer date; (ii) the average of the closing prices of the Shares for
     the 5 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the offer date; and (iii) the nominal value of the
     Shares.

     No share option has been granted under the 2023 Share Option Scheme since its adoption.

     The number of options available for grant under the scheme mandate as at 1 January 2026 and 30 June
     2026 under the 2023 Share Option Scheme was 1,880,921,723 Shares, representing approximately
     10% of the issued share capital of the Company on the date of approval of the 2023 Share Option
     Scheme on 15 June 2023, and the service provider sublimit as at 1 January 2026 and 30 June 2026 was
     188,092,172 Shares, representing approximately 1% of the total number of Shares in issue on the date
     of approval of the 2023 Share Option Scheme.


66   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
                                                                                                                    Other Information

SHARE AWARD SCHEMES

2018 Share Award Scheme

The Company adopted a share award scheme (the “2018 Share Award Scheme”) on 5 January 2018 (the
“2018 Scheme Adoption Date”), pursuant to which existing Shares will be purchased by the trustee
from the market out of cash contributed by the Group and held on trust for participants selected
by the Board (the “Selected Participants”) until such Shares are vested in accordance with the terms
of the 2018 Share Award Scheme. The purpose and objective of the 2018 Share Award Scheme are
to recognize the contributions made by the Selected Participants and to give incentive to retain and
encourage the Selected Participants for the continual operation and development of the Group, and to
attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group.

The Board may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion determine the number of restricted Shares
to be granted and select any participant to be a Selected Participant with such vesting conditions as it
may deem appropriate under the 2018 Share Award Scheme. Participants of the 2018 Share Award
Scheme include the directors and employees of the Company and any of its subsidiaries and other
persons permitted by the 2018 Share Award Scheme.

The maximum number of Shares which the trustee may purchase with funds contributed by the Group
(the “Scheme Limit”) should not exceed 3% of the total issued share capital of the Company as at
the 2018 Scheme Adoption Date. On 26 April 2022, the Board resolved that the Scheme Limit be
refreshed to 3% of the total issued share capital of the Company as at the date of resolutions. On 28
March 2024, the Board resolved that the Scheme Limit be revised from 3% to 5% of the issued share
capital of the Company and the Scheme Limit be refreshed to 5% of the Shares in issue as at the date
of resolutions in order to provide the Company with greater flexibility in granting Shares to Selected
Participants as incentives or rewards for their contributions to the Company. The 2018 Share Award
Scheme shall terminate upon the expiry of the period of 10 years from the 2018 Scheme Adoption
Date.

Details of the restricted shares granted under the 2018 Share Award Scheme for the 6 months ended 30
June 2026 are as follows:

         Selected Participants(1)                                  Number of Restricted Shares
                                                                                                                                 Closing Price
                                                                                                                      Fair Value Immediately                Closing Price
                                              Outstanding                                 Forfeited/               of Restricted before the                 Immediately
                                                    as at 1     Granted         Vested     cancelled   Unvested as Shares as at Date of Grant                  before the
    Date of                         Purchase      January     during the    during the    during the    at 30 June the Date of of Restricted       Vesting        Vesting
    grant        Vesting Period         Price        2026        Period       period(2)       period         2026       Grant(3)       Shares       Date(2)        Date(2)
                                      (RMB)                                                                               (HK$)        (HK$)                       (HK$)

1 29/4/2026 Immediate vesting              –             –      958,100       (958,100)           –             –          5.46           5.48   29/4/2026           5.48
2 29/4/2026 Immediate vesting           4.16             –    8,317,100     (8,317,100)           –             –          0.69           5.48   29/4/2026           5.48


                                                                                                                                     Interim Report 2026                     67
     Other Information

     SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
     2018 Share Award Scheme (continued)

     Notes:

     (1)      All grantees were employees and consultants of the Group, and included (i) no director, chief executive or
              substantial shareholders of the Company or their respective associates, and (ii) none of the five highest paid
              individuals during the reporting period. During the reporting period, no participant was granted restricted
              shares that would result in all shares granted to such person in the 12-month period up to and including the
              date of such grant representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the shares in issue of the Company. During the
              reporting period, no participant was granted shares exceeding the 1% individual limit.

     (2)      The weighted average closing price of the shares vested during the period immediately before the vesting date
              was HK$5.48 per share.

     (3)      The fair value of the restricted shares is calculated based on the closing price of the Company’s shares on the
              date of grant less the purchase price (if any).

     As at 30 June 2026, 525,309,693 Shares were held on trust by the trustee under the 2018 Share Award
     Scheme.

     2024 CT Tianqing Share Incentive Scheme

     On 7 May 2024, the Company resolved and approved the implementation of a share incentive scheme
     by CT Tianqing (the “2024 CT Tianqing Share Incentive Scheme” or the “Scheme”), a subsidiary of
     the Company, to motivate core talents who would play an important role in the future operations and
     development of CT Tianqing.

     The 2024 CT Tianqing Share Incentive Scheme is designed to further establish and refine the interest
     sharing mechanism between CT Tianqing and its staff, stimulate the motivation and creativity of
     its staff, enhance their cohesion and the competitiveness of CT Tianqing and foster the long-term,
     sustainable and healthy development of the company. Participants of the Scheme are middle to senior
     management and professional staff of the same grade serving in CT Tianqing (including its wholly-
     owned subsidiaries), as well as other personnel deemed by the board of directors of CT Tianqing to be
     deserving such incentives.

     Pursuant to the Scheme, CT Tianqing will use not more than RMB1 billion of self-owned funds to
     instruct the trustee of the Scheme to purchase existing shares of the Company from the market for the
     subsequent implementation of share-based incentives for persons selected to participate in the Scheme
     (the “Designated Participants”). In 2024, the trustee of the Scheme had fully utilized the amount of
     RMB1 billion and purchased a total of 338,690,000 shares (representing the maximum number of
     shares that could be purchased under the Scheme or the scheme limit) from the market in accordance
     with the rules of the Scheme. The maximum number of shares that can be granted to an individual
     Designated Participant in one batch or multiples batches in aggregate shall not exceed 30% of this
     scheme limit.



68   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
                                                                                                           Other Information

SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)

2024 CT Tianqing Share Incentive Scheme (continued)

The detailed list of the Designated Participants and number of incentive Shares to be granted shall be
considered and determined by the board of directors of CT Tianqing. The Designated Participants
shall in accordance with the provisions of the Scheme, execute the incentive agreements and pay for the
subscription of the incentive Shares on time and in full as required, otherwise they will automatically
lose the eligibility to participate in the Scheme. The incentive Shares granted to the Designated
Participants will be vested by phases after the Designated Participants have passed their performance
appraisals. The Scheme is effective for 10 years from the date upon consideration and approval by the
shareholders general meeting of CT Tianqing. The day-to-day management of the Scheme, including
the ultimate determination of personal performance appraisal results of the Designated Participants
and the formulation and implementation of the interest distribution plan upon satisfaction of vesting
conditions shall be the responsibility of the Staff Stock Ownership Scheme Management Committee
(the “Management Committee”) established by the board of directors of CT Tianqing. The powers
and obligations of the Management Committee are defined in writing and its work is subject to the
supervision of all the Designated Participants. In addition, CT Tianqing has appointed a third party
specialized financial institution to act as the trustee of the Scheme to acquire Shares from the market
according to instructions from the settlor and hold the unvested incentive Shares on trust for the
Designated Participants.

Details of the incentive shares granted under the 2024 CT Tianqing Share Incentive Scheme during the
6 months ended 30 June 2026 are as follows:

                                                                              Number of incentive shares
                                                                                                      Forfeited/
                                                                       Granted         Vested          cancelled
                             Date of   Purchase     Unvested as at       during        during            during    Unvested as at
                              grant        Price   1 January 2026    the period the period           the period    30 June 2026          Vesting period
                                         (RMB)

Employee Participants(1)   30/9/2024       1.40       102,264,000            –               –       (4,830,000)      97,434,000    31 December 2025 to
                                                                                                                                      31 December 2027(2)




                                                                                                                          Interim Report 2026               69
     Other Information

     SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)

     2024 CT Tianqing Share Incentive Scheme (continued)

     Notes:

     (1)      All grantees were employees of CT Tianqing, and included (i) no director, chief executive or substantial
              shareholder of the Company or their respective associates, and (ii) none of the five highest paid individuals
              during the reporting period. During the reporting period, no participant of the scheme was granted incentive
              shares that would result in all shares granted to such person in the 12-month period up to and including the
              date of such grant representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the shares in issue of the Company. During the
              reporting period, no participant was granted shares exceeding the 1% individual limit.



     (2)      Subject to the grantees passing the performance appraisal, the shares granted to them will vest in stages.


     As at 30 June 2026, 338,690,000 Shares were held on trust by the trustee under the 2024 CT Tianqing
     Share Incentive Scheme.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

     In the opinion of the Directors, the Company has complied with all the Code Provisions of the
     Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules for the six months ended
     30 June 2026 except for the deviation from Code Provision C.1.5 in relation to attendance of the
     annual general meeting of the Company (the “AGM”) by the independent non-executive Directors (the
     “INEDs”) of the Company. One INED was unable to attend the AGM held on 17 June 2026 due to
     other business engagements.

     MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY
     DIRECTORS
     The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors on terms
     no less exacting than the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules. Having made
     specific enquiry of all Directors, it was confirmed that for the six months ended 30 June 2026, all
     Directors have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code and the code of conduct
     regarding securities transactions by Directors adopted by the Company.




70   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
                                                                    Other Information

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS, AUDIT
COMMITTEE AND REVIEW OF RESULTS
During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Company has complied with Rules 3.10 and 3.10(A)
of the Listing Rules and has appointed sufficient number of INEDs including two with appropriate
professional qualifications, or accounting or related financial management expertise. The Audit
Committee is comprised of five INEDs. It has reviewed with management the accounting principles
and practices adopted by the Group and discussed internal control and financial reporting matters
including the review of the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the period
under review.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Company bought back a total of 77,765,000 Shares on
the Stock Exchange at an aggregate consideration of approximately HK$408,959,196 before expenses.

Among the bought back Shares, 55,700,000 shares were cancelled during the Reporting Period. The
remaining 22,065,000 shares repurchased during the Reporting Period were cancelled in July 2026.
Further details are set out as follows:

                                           Number      Purchase Consideration
                                          of Shares          Per Share              Consideration
Month                                  bought back       Highest      Lowest                 paid
                                                           HK$         HK$                  HK$


March                                    15,350,000          5.89          5.81        89,861,670
April                                    16,170,000          5.84          5.41        90,366,775
May                                      24,180,000          5.65          5.16       130,387,047
June                                     22,065,000          4.69          4.23        98,343,704

Pursuant to the rules of the 2018 Share Award Scheme, the trustee of the scheme purchased on the
Stock Exchange a total of 4,650,000 Shares at a total consideration of approximately HK$27,348,330
during the period.

No shares were purchased by the trustee on the Stock Exchange under the 2024 CT Tianqing Share
Incentive Scheme during the period.

Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed
any of the Company’s listed securities during the period.




                                                                               Interim Report 2026      71
     Other Information

     FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

     Certain statements contained in this report may be viewed as “forward-looking statements” with respect
     to the business outlook, financial performance estimates, and business operations forecast of the Group.
     These forward-looking statements are based on the current beliefs, assumptions, and expectations of
     and the information currently available to the Board and the Company, and therefore involve risks
     and uncertainties. Actual outcome may differ materially from the forecasts and expectations in such
     forward-looking statements. The Company assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking
     statements contained in this report. In light of the above risks and uncertainties, shareholders of the
     Company and potential investors should not place undue reliance on such statements.

     BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     As at the date of this report, the Board of the Company comprises five executive directors, namely Ms.
     Tse, Theresa Y Y, Mr. Tse Ping, Ms. Cheng Cheung Ling, Mr. Tse, Eric S Y and Mr. Tse Hsin, and six
     independent non-executive directors, namely Mr. Lu Zhengfei, Ms. Lu Hong, Mr. Zhang Lu Fu, Dr.
     Li Kwok Tung Donald, Dr. Chen Lieping and Dr. Lu Bai.

                                                                             By order of the Board
                                                                       Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
                                                                               Tse, Theresa Y Y
                                                                                 Chairwoman

     Hong Kong, 19 August 2026




72   Sino Biopharmaceutical Limited
