Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited take no
responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its accuracy or
completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in
reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this announcement.




                              SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
                                     RELATED TO
       ANNUAL REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018


The board of directors (the “Board”) of Digital China Holdings Limited (the “Company” and,
together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) would like to provide further information to the
shareholders and potential investors of the Company in relation to the information disclosed in its
annual report for the year ended 31 December 2018 (the “2018 Annual Report”). Terms defined in
the 2018 Annual Report, shall, unless the context otherwise requires, have the same meaning when
used herein.

As disclosed in the 2018 Annual Report, up to 31 December 2018, the Group had utilised HK$764
million of the net proceeds from its rights issue in September 2017. The remaining net proceeds
from its rights issue of HK$571 million (the “Unutilised Proceeds”) had yet been utilised in
financing the Healthcare Big Data Investment or any other potential investments and acquisitions as
and when any suitable opportunity is identified.

As at the date of this announcement, approximately HK$198 million of the Unutilised Proceeds
have been utilised and it is expected that the remaining Unutilised Proceeds of HK$373 million will
be fully utilised by 31 December 2020. All of the Unutilised Proceeds have been and will be utilised
for financing the Healthcare Big Data Investment or any other potential investments and
acquisitions as and when any suitable opportunity is identified.



                                                                     By Order of the Board

                                                               Digital China Holdings Limited

                                                                  (神州數碼控股有限公司*)

                                                                         GUO Wei
                                                             Chairman and Chief Executive Officer



                                                  1
Hong Kong, 23 October 2019

At the publication of this announcement, the Board comprises nine directors namely:
Executive Directors: Mr. GUO Wei (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) and Mr. LIN Yang (Vice
Chairman)
Non-executive Directors: Mr. YU Ziping and Mr. PENG Jing
Independent Non-executive Directors: Mr. WONG Man Chung, Francis, Ms. NI Hong (Hope), Dr. LIU Yun,
John, Ms. YAN Xiaoyan and Mr. KING William

Website: www.dcholdings.com
*
    For identification purpose only




                                                    2
