           Celebrating

          life
Prudential plc
Annual Report 2022
                         HK Stock Code: 2378
We help people
get the most
out of life
Why we exist
Our markets in Asia and Africa typically
have substantial savings and protection
gaps, fuelling demand for our products.

The difference we make
Customers are at the heart of everything
we do. We help our customers by making
healthcare affordable and accessible
and by promoting financial inclusion.
We protect our customers’ wealth, help
them grow their assets, and empower
them to save for their goals.

Adding value over the long term
We are confident that our clear and
focused strategy, coupled with our
proven execution ability, leaves us
well placed to continue to deliver
value for our shareholders and all
our stakeholders over the long term.
Contents

                                                                                   Group overview




  Our operations
                     02     Group overview
                     02     Our history


                                                                                   Strategic report
                     04     Chair’s statement
                     06     Our investment case

                     08     Strategic report
                     10     Our business at a glance
                     12     Our strategy
                     14     Our business model
                     16     Strategic and operating review


                                                                                   Governance
                     32     Measuring our performance
                     34     Financial review
                     48     Risk review
                     66     ESG report
                     169    Non-financial information statement
                     170    UK Companies Act, Section 172
                            Statement
READ
MORE   16            176 Governance




                                                                                   Directors’ remuneration report
                     178 Chair’s governance statement
                     180 Our leadership
                     190 Corporate governance


  Our financial
                     192 How we operate
                     202 Risk management and internal control
                     204 Committee reports

  performance        223 Statutory and regulatory disclosures
                     225 Index to principal Directors’ report
                         disclosures

                     226 Directors’ remuneration report
                     228 Annual statement from the Chair



                                                                                   Financial statements
                         of the Remuneration Committee
                     233 Our Executive Directors’ remuneration
                         at a glance
                     234 Summary of proposed changes to the
                         Directors’ remuneration policy
                     236 Annual report on remuneration
                     261 New Directors’ remuneration policy
                     276 Additional remuneration disclosures
READ
       34


                                                                                   European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                     280 Financial statements
MORE
                     376 European Embedded Value (EEV)
                         basis results


  Our risk profile   402 Additional information
                     404 Index to the additional unaudited
                         financial information
                     430 Risk factors
                     443 Glossary
                     447 Shareholder information
                     450 How to contact us




                                                                                   Additional information
                     The Directors’ Report of Prudential plc for the year ended
                     31 December 2022 is set out on pages 4 to 5, 178 to 225 and
                     404 to 450, and includes the sections of the Annual Report
                     referred to in these pages.

READ
MORE   48
                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022            01
Our history




Celebrating life
This year, we are proud to celebrate Prudential’s 175th anniversary,
including 100 years in Asia. During this time, Prudential has helped
generations of families get the most out of life, from industrial
workers in 19th century Britain to people in Asia and Africa
confronting the health and economic challenges of the
Covid-19 pandemic.
While Prudential has changed significantly since 1848, notably with
the demergers of M&G plc and Jackson to focus solely on Asia and
Africa, our founding principles of integrity, security and prudence
still guide us in providing long-term security for our customers and
building social and economic value in our communities.



                                                                                                        Prudential Portfolio
                                                                                                        Managers (PPM) is set up
                                                                                                        to manage investments
                                                                                                        for the Prudential Group
                                                                                                        and external customers



                                                                                                        1982
                                                              Prudential plays a major role in the
                                                              British government’s new National
                                                              Insurance programme, running four
                                                              Approved Societies and providing
                                                              supplementary policies to members
                   Prudential opens its
                   Industrial Department,
                   selling insurance to the
                   working classes for
                   premiums of a penny
                                                              1912                                                         1994
                                                                                                                           Prudential Corporation


                   1854                                                           1923
                                                                                                                           Asia is formed in Hong
                                                                                                                           Kong as a regional
                                                                                                                           head office to expand
                                                                                                                           operations in Asia
                                                                                  Prudential enters Asia,


                                           1871
                                                                                  opening its first overseas
                                                                                  life branch in India



                                           Prudential becomes one



1848
                                           of the first companies
                                           in the City of London
                                           to employ women


The Prudential Mutual
Assurance, Investment
and Loan Association
is founded in London




02              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                  prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                Group overview




                                                                                                               Prudential plc shares are
                                                                                                               included for the Shenzhen-Hong
                                                                                                               Kong Stock Connect Programme



                                                                                                                                                Strategic report
                                                                                                               and are included in the Hang
                                                                                                               Seng Composite Index (HSCI).
                                                                                                               From March 2023 Prudential plc
                                                                                                               shares are included in the
                                                                                                               Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock
                                                                                                               Connect programme.


                                                                          Pulse by Prudential, an
                                                                          AI-powered mobile health             2022
                                                                                                                                                Governance
                                     Prudential acquires                  app, is launched in Asia
                                     businesses in Ghana


                                                                          2019
                                     and Kenya, marking
                                     its entry into the
                                     fast-growing African
Prudential becomes                   life insurance industry
the first UK life insurer


                                     2014
to enter the Chinese
Mainland market


                                                                                        2021
through its joint venture




                                                                                                                                                Directors’ remuneration report
with CITIC Group



2000                                                                                    Prudential plc becomes fully


                                                    2018
                                                                                        dedicated to Asia and Africa
                                                                                        following the completion of
                                                                                        restructuring. Prudential
                                                                                        shares are issued on the
                                                    Eastspring signs the                Hong Kong Stock Exchange


               2011
                                                    United Nations-supported
                                                    Principles for Responsible
                                                    Investment (PRI), the




                                                                                                                                                Financial statements
                                                    world’s leading proponent
               Non-profit entity the                of responsible investment
               Prudence Foundation is
               incorporated in Hong Kong,
               to run regional community
               investment programmes




                                                                                                                                                European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                                Additional information




                                                                                               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   03
Chair’s statement




                                                                                     Our focus is on executing
                                                                                     well to take advantage of
                                                                                     the opportunities ahead
                                                                                     to create long term,
                                                                                     sustainable value.




2023 marks 100 years since we began our first operations in Asia, and        diversification – is reflected in the resilience of our performance
175 years since Prudential was founded. No company survives that             in 2022. We were pleased to see the removal of the bulk of Covid
long without constantly adapting to suit the times and the needs of its      restrictions and the progressive opening up of the economy of the
customers. The last three years in particular have seen the most             Chinese Mainland. We believe this will have a positive impact on
substantial period of structural change in the company’s history. We         growth in China, the wider Asian region and globally.
have undertaken this transformation because we believe it enables
Prudential to be a better partner to our customers, our people, our          During 2022, the disruption of Covid-19 alongside economic and
communities and wider stakeholders, and to create better value for our       market challenges did, nonetheless, affect reported new business
shareholders. Change is not easy, and I remain hugely impressed by,          profit1 and also led to volatility in shareholder returns. Sharp increases
and grateful for, the professionalism, resilience, and innovation of our     in interest rates in many markets and lower bond and equity market
people in undertaking this change while delivering day by day for our        values negatively impacted IFRS profit after tax and embedded
customers and creating long term value for our shareholders.                 value. However, our adjusted operating profit2 grew by 8 per cent3
                                                                             in the period, demonstrating the creditable underlying development
In 2022, Prudential delivered a resilient financial performance while the    of our business.
pace of our transformation continued. We faced a challenging external
environment, with continued macroeconomic and geopolitical                   The Board has approved a 2022 second interim cash dividend of
headwinds, some, such as higher food and energy prices exacerbated           13.04 cents per share (2021: 11.86 cents per share). Combined with the
by the war in Ukraine, others by longer-term dynamics and emerging           first interim cash dividend of 5.74 cents per share (2021: 5.37 cents per
trends. There are important differentiating factors between our              share), the Group’s total 2022 cash dividend is 18.78 cents per share
markets in Asia and Africa, but generally inflation continues to put         (2021: 17.23 cents per share), an increase of nine per cent.
pressure on the cost-of-living for individuals and families. While in many   Despite the volatility in 2022, the events of the last few years have
parts of the world, Covid-19 moved from a pandemic to an endemic,            reinforced the long-term rationale behind our recent strategic
the long-term effects on public finances, social safety nets, and            transformation and the purpose that sits at the heart of Prudential,
individual and family physical, mental and financial well-being will         to help our customers to get the most out of life. This purpose is well
be felt long after the pandemic abates.                                      aligned with the long-term public policy priorities in our chosen markets
We took a number of steps to respond to these challenges. We                 in Asia and Africa: providing products and services to help to close
continued to design and tailor new products to better serve our              health, protection and savings gaps where social safety nets vary
customers, working with our agents and bancassurance partners.               considerably; helping to respond to long-term demographic changes;
We invested in and further harnessed digital technology to improve           and supporting a just and inclusive transition in emerging markets in
customer experiences and the effectiveness of our distribution and to        the face of climate change.
promote wider financial inclusion. We have continued to work to equip        Chief Executive Officer succession
our people with the appropriate skills and to support their well-being to    It was with this purpose, strategy and long-term growth opportunities
ensure our culture celebrates diversity and assures inclusion.               in mind that the Board undertook an extensive search for Prudential’s
As the strategic and operating review sets out in detail, the advantage      new Chief Executive Officer, with clarity about the attributes we were
of our business model – with its geographic, channel and product             looking for in the leader of Prudential’s next stage as an exclusively Asia
                                                                             and Africa-focussed company. In particular, the Board sought an

04                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                     prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                Group overview




individual with a deep understanding of, and operating experience             Climate, people and communities
in insurance across our key Asian markets and the skills to lead and          Prudential’s ability to generate shareholder returns is inextricably



                                                                                                                                                                                Strategic report
develop a customer-centric, performance-driven culture. Given the             linked to our creation of social value and our alignment with national
significance of the decision to the future success of the Group, the          priorities for the protection of people in our markets. Underpinning our
Board conducted a rigorous selection process involving all Non-               purpose, our commitments on sustainability, customers, people and
executive Board members. Further details on the process are set               community are an integral part of our culture, our strategy and our
out in the Governance report on pages 176 to 225.                             business performance, and not just a part of a separate ESG strategy.
                                                                              Reflecting the importance of these areas to us as a business, during
We were delighted to announce in May 2022 the appointment of Anil
                                                                              the year we changed the Terms of Reference of the RSWG to focus on
Wadhwani as Chief Executive Officer. Anil is a global financial services
                                                                              customers and digital in addition to its existing remit on people, culture
leader with over 30 years’ experience, almost all of it in Asia. He has a
                                                                              and communities.
strong track record of creating and driving a culture of performance


                                                                                                                                                                                Governance
and success, and digital experience, most recently driving the                Alongside our specific climate change policies and commitments, we
modernisation of technology platforms across Asia. He joined the              have made progress across these closely connected areas and continue
company as Chief Executive Officer on 25 February 2023.                       to embed our policies and processes, including the ESG strategy we set
                                                                              out in 2021, across the company. Our approach and the actions we
The Board is immensely grateful for the way in which Mark FitzPatrick
                                                                              have taken on ESG are detailed in our 2022 ESG Report on pages 66 to
led Prudential as interim Chief Executive Officer. Mark has made a vital
                                                                              168. This includes the important initiatives the Prudence Foundation
contribution to Prudential in the execution of two demergers as Chief
                                                                              has delivered providing financial literacy education and helping to build
Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer and, in his time as interim
                                                                              resilience around climate, health and safety.
Chief Executive Officer, in successfully completing Prudential’s
restructuring, moving senior management to Asia, implementing a               We have drawn attention to the steps needed to support a just and




                                                                                                                                                                                Directors’ remuneration report
new structure for the Group Executive Committee, and focusing with            inclusive transition necessary across our markets. This approach
our wider leadership teams on our operational delivery. He has helped         recognises and respects the fact that the markets in which we operate
ensure that Anil arrived against a backdrop of resilient performance          have contributed less overall to the stock of carbon emissions
and momentum, with a franchise and platform that can grow to                  historically, are often more dependent on fossil fuels to continue to
achieve its full potential.                                                   develop their economies, have fewer resources in general to manage
                                                                              the effects of climate change, and are more likely to be affected by its
The Board
                                                                              impact. In October 2022, we set out in a white paper the case for a just
We have worked in my time as Chair to ensure Prudential’s Board
                                                                              and inclusive transition, its place in meeting the Paris Agreement, and
reflects the transformation of the Group, the markets in which we
                                                                              areas where further actions are required, both from ourselves and the
operate and the expertise in areas that will help shape the future
                                                                              wider market. We look forward to working with stakeholders across our
success of the company. This year saw further progress in our transition
                                                                              markets on the urgent progress needed.
from being the board of a financial holding company of businesses
around the world, to the board of an operating company working                Looking ahead




                                                                                                                                                                                Financial statements
exclusively in Asia and Africa. We have taken a considered approach to        Prudential’s transformation has created exciting opportunities.
this transition and its accompanying requirement to change our                Notwithstanding the complex external environment, our chosen
mindset, culture and expertise.                                               markets in Asia and Africa are fundamentally attractive and we expect
                                                                              strong, growing demand for our products and services given their
I have been very pleased to welcome two new members to the Board,
                                                                              long-term trends and requirements. With diversification across high
Arijit Basu who joined in September 2022, and Dr. Claudia Suessmuth
                                                                              growth and high potential markets, we are investing to have better
Dyckerhoff, who joined in January 2023. They bring extensive
                                                                              insight into our customers and meet their needs, enhancing our
knowledge and experience of insurance, health and technology, as well
                                                                              multi-channel distribution capabilities, and embedding technology
as market experience in China and India. In the course of 2022, we
                                                                              to enhance the experience and delivery of our products and services.
announced that Philip Remnant, who joined the Board in 2013, and




                                                                                                                                                                                European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Tom Watjen, who joined in 2017, will step down at the end of the 2023         With our leadership and operating geographies now fully aligned, we
AGM in May. I am very grateful to both Philip and Tom for their               believe we have created a company with high growth potential and our
invaluable service to Prudential during a historic period of change, and      focus is on executing well to take advantage of the opportunities
to Philip in his role as the Senior Independent Director. I am grateful for   ahead to create long term, sustainable value.
shareholders’ approval for the exceptional extension of Philip in the role
last year, providing essential support to me as Chair and continuity at a     Thank you all for your support.
time of further Board changes. I am very pleased Jeremy Anderson has
agreed to succeed Philip as Senior Independent Director. Alongside
these changes, we updated the Board’s Committee memberships, with
Chua Sock Koong becoming Chair of the Remuneration Committee
and George Sartorel the Chair of the Responsibility and Sustainability
Working Group (RSWG). More details are set out in the Governance              Shriti Vadera
section of this report.                                                       Chair
The Board’s agenda, ways of working and culture have also needed to
reflect the changed focus and footprint of the company. We benefitted
over the course of the year from the gradual easing of travel restrictions




                                                                                                                                                                                Additional information
and could engage far more in-person within the Board, and with our            Notes
                                                                              1     New business profit, on a post-tax basis, on business sold in the period, calculated in
leadership teams, employees and key stakeholders across our markets.                accordance with EEV Principles.
We have become closer to our key markets through in depth sessions,           2     ‘Adjusted operating profit’ refers to adjusted IFRS operating profit based on longer-term
and focused on the core enabling drivers of our strategy, from                      investment returns from continuing operations and is stated after excluding the effect
distribution channels to technology and, critically, our people.                    of short-term fluctuations in investment returns against long-term assumptions and
                                                                                    other corporate transactions. This alternative performance measure is reconciled to
                                                                                    IFRS profit for the period of $1,007 million (2021: $2,214 million) in note B1.1 of the
                                                                                    IFRS financial results.
                                                                              3     On a constant exchange rate basis.


                                                                                                              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022               05
Our investment case




What we offer investors
Prudential has a high-quality, diversified portfolio in Asia and Africa, supported
by a leading multi-channel distribution platform and is well placed to continue to
deliver value for our shareholders and all our stakeholders.


Applying our strengths                              Our long-term opportunities


               Business model aligned to            Expect to deliver
               structural growth drivers
               READ MORE PAGES 16 TO 31
                                                    long‑term growth
                                                    outperformance
               Our businesses are
               diversified across Asia and
                                                    Sustainable growth
               Africa, with circa 50 per cent       in operating capital
               of our APE sales and new             generation
               business profit generated
               from South-east Asia
               READ MORE PAGES 16 TO 31


               Our modern multi-channel
               and integrated distribution
                                                    Focus on high
               network comprise agency              return savings and
               and bancassurance                    protection products
               partnerships with a
               digital platform
               READ MORE PAGES 16 TO 31


               We offer adaptable,
               innovative and consumer-
               centric products addressing
               the diverse needs of
               our customers
               READ MORE PAGES 16 TO 31


               Our leading Asia-based
               asset manager, Eastspring,
               has $221.4 billion assets
               under management
               or advice
               READ MORE PAGES 29 TO 30



06         Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                      prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                  Group overview




                                                                                                                                  Strategic report




                                                Delivering a distinctive                                                          Governance
                                                shareholder proposition

There are substantial and unmet consumer        We believe that our strategy and execution
needs in our markets that are set to continue   ability will help support our ambition to achieve
in the long term, and provide significant       the following:




                                                                                                                                  Directors’ remuneration report
opportunity for growth and value creation.

                                                Ambition for growth rates of new

2.8%
Low penetration1
                                                business profit to substantially exceed
                                                GDP growth in the markets in which
                                                Prudential operates

Asia’s health and protection                    Ambition for long-term double‑digit
gap is estimated at                             growth in embedded value per share

1.8 trillion
$                           2                   Ambition to fund further profitable
                                                compounding growth and high                                                       Financial statements




40%
                                                risk‑adjusted returns for shareholders


Asia’s contribution to




                                                                                                                                  European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
global GDP growth3



+1.5 billion
Growing middle class4




                                                                                                                                  Additional information
                                                Notes
                                                1     Source: Swiss Re. Penetration defined as life insurance premiums
                                                      as a percentage of GDP.
                                                2     Source: Swiss Re. The health protection gap in Asia: A modelled exposure
                                                      of USD 1.8 trillion. October 2018. Health protection gap defined as the
                                                      shortfall to adequately finance current and expected health expenditures.
                                                3     Source: IMF. Between 2022 and 2027. Prudential’s Asia footprint.
                                                4     Increase in the middle-class population in Asia Pacific between 2020
                                                      and 2030.


                                                                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022              07
     Strategic
     report
     10    Our business at a glance
     12    Our strategy
     14    Our business model
     16    Strategic and operating review
     32    Measuring our performance
     34    Financial review
     48    Risk review
     66    ESG report
     169   Non-financial information statement
     170   UK Companies Act, Section 172 Statement




08           Prudential plc Annual Report 2022       prudentialplc.com
Group overview   Strategic report   Governance   Directors’ remuneration report   Financial statements   European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results   Additional information
                                                                                                                                                                                09
                                                                                                                                                                                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022
Our business at a glance




Our operations
In Asia, we provide savings and protection products in many markets
challenged by low insurance penetration and a pension funding gap1.
In Africa, we are building businesses in some of the world’s most
under‑penetrated markets.
Our largest businesses are
based in the Chinese Mainland,
Singapore, Hong Kong,
Malaysia and Indonesia.


     Our markets
     Life insurance
     Asset management
                                                                                                           KOREA
                                                                  CHINESE
                                                                 MAINLAND




                                                                                  MACAU
                                                                                                 TAIWAN
                                                    INDIA                               HONG
                                                            MYANMAR                     KONG
                                                                       LAOS


                                                                THAILAND
                                                                              VIETNAM

                                                                      CAMBODIA                  PHILIPPINES



                                                                 MALAYSIA
              NIGERIA
     GHANA

                                                                      SINGAPORE
                                     UGANDA
       TOGO
  CÔTE
D’IVOIRE    CAMEROON

                                             KENYA                       INDONESIA
                            ZAMBIA




10              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                              prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                 Eastspring
                                                                                    Life           Prudential   funds under



                                                                                                                                                                                Group overview
                                                                              insurance               market management or      Health and                    GDP growth
        Our markets                                      Population2        penetration3             ranking4       advice5 protection gap6                     forecast7

                Chinese Mainland                               1.4bn                2.1%                   3rd            $9.0bn             $805bn                  4.5%

                Hong Kong                                         7m               17.3%                  2nd             $4.9bn               $23bn                 3.1%

                Indonesia                                      274m                 1.1%                   1st            $4.1bn               $82bn                 5.2%

                Malaysia                                         34m                3.9%                   1st           $12.8bn               $47bn                 4.4%



                                                                                                                                                                                Strategic report
                Singapore                                         6m                 7.5%                  3rd         $125.9bn                $23bn                 2.5%

                India                                          1.4bn                3.2%                   3rd           $30.1bn             $369bn                  6.5%

                Taiwan                                           24m               11.6%                   1st            $4.2bn               $41bn                 2.2%

                Vietnam                                          97m                1.6%                  2nd             $6.2bn               $36bn                 6.6%

                Laos                                              7m                   n/a                2nd                  n/a                 n/a                 n/a


                                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                Philippines                                    114m                 1.5%                   1st                 n/a             $32bn                 5.8%

                Cambodia                                         17m                   n/a                 1st                 n/a                 n/a                 n/a

                Thailand                                         72m                3.4%                   6th           $10.4bn                 $6bn                3.4%

                Myanmar                                          54m                   n/a                2nd                  n/a                 n/a                 n/a

                Japan                                                                                                     $2.7bn                   n/a                 n/a




                                                                                                                                                                                Directors’ remuneration report
                Korea                                                                                                    $10.1bn                   n/a                 n/a

                Macau                                           Macau licence granted in January 2023
JAPAN
                                                                Population of Prudential markets                         Number of Prudential markets

                Africa                                          428m                                                     8

        FIND OUT MORE IN THE STRATEGIC AND OPERATING REVIEW ON PAGE 16



        Developing more inclusive products and services                                      Providing an accessible multi-channel platform for
        for more customers                                                                   customers to choose their preferred ways of interaction




                                                                                                                                                                                Financial statements
        46%
        of our APE sales are
                                                  TOP        3
                                                  position in 12 Asian
                                                                                             >100,000 >190
                                                                                             active agents8                               bancassurance
        generated by repeat                       life insurance markets                                                                  partners


                                                                                               7,000
        purchases

                                                             10
                                                                                                                                          of which
                                                                                             >
                                                                                                                                          10
        Access to
                                                  TOP
        4.0


                                                                                                                                                                                European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                  position in 6 Asian                        agents qualifying
                                                  asset management                           for Million Dollar                           are strategic partners
        billion population                        markets                                    Round Table status



        # 1
        in the Syariah market in
                                                                                             Pulse is available in

                                                                                             19
        Malaysia and Indonesia                                                               markets


        Notes
        1     Bridging Asia’s pension gap, Eastspring Investments July 2019.
        2     United Nations, Department of Economic and Social Affairs, Population Division, World Population Prospects 2022.
        3     Source: Swiss Re Institute; Sigma No 4/2022: World insurance – life insurance penetration (premiums as a percentage of GDP).
        4     Sources: Chinese Mainland (Based on new business standard premiums for 2022 of the foreign joint ventures only, data from industry sharing of information),
              Hong Kong (Based on PHKL total in-force premium for 2022 from Hong Kong Insurance Authority), Indonesia (Based on weighted new premiums for 2022,
              preliminary results from Indonesian Life Insurance Association), Malaysia (On combined basis where Takaful is on 100%. Based on new business APE for 2022,
              data from Life Insurance Association of Malaysia for Conventional Business and Insurance Service Malaysia for Takaful business), Singapore (Based on




                                                                                                                                                                                Additional information
              weighted new business premiums reported within Singapore Life Insurance Association returns for 2022), India (Based on retail weighted premium for the
              calendar year 2022 of private insurers operating in India, from the Life Insurance Council), Taiwan (Based on full year 2022 APE of foreign insurers, data from
              Taiwan Insurance Institute), Vietnam (Based on full year 2022 APE data collected from data sharing by Vietnam Actuarial Network), Laos (Based on gross
              written premiums for 2021, from Axco Insurance Market Report), the Philippines (Based on weighted first year premiums for the first nine months in 2022, data
              from Insurance Commission), Cambodia (Based on full year 2022 adjusted APE, from Insurance Association of Cambodia), Thailand (Based on weighted new
              business premium for 2022, from The Thai Life Assurance Association), Myanmar (Based on APE for the first nine months in 2022 for the foreign insurers
              operating in Myanmar, from Myanmar Insurance Association).
        5     Full year 2022 total funds under management or advice based on the country where the funds are managed.
        6     Source: Swiss Re Institute. The health protection gap in Asia, October 2018. Estimated total national health protection gap.
        7     Represents a CAGR of real GDP between 2022 and 2027 and is based on IMF World Economic Outlook Database, October 2022.
        8     Active agents are agents who have been selling in 2022; excludes India associates and African businesses.


                                                                                                              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022              11
Our strategy




How we drive value for all stakeholders
 Q  What is driving                                Q  What is our strategy?
     our business today?
                                                    A  Our strategy is enacted
 A  Our purpose is to                                  under three key areas:
     help people get the
     most out of life:                                      Delivering
We want to make healthcare                         > Growing our savings and
affordable and accessible, and                       protection business by
promote financial inclusion.                         protecting our customers’
We seek to protect people’s wealth,                  health and wellbeing.
and help them to grow their assets                 > Focusing on the growth
and save for their goals.                            opportunities in the Chinese
                                                     Mainland, India, and South-
We deliver our purpose by                            east Asia.
following these key Principles:                    > Positioning Eastspring to be
> We put customers first                             a leading responsible investor
> We act with integrity
                                                     in Asia.
                                                                                                Delivering
                                                   > Supporting sustainable
> We embrace a growth                                growth through our inclusive               profitable
  mindset                                            approach to climate transition.            growth
> We invest in all our
  communities                                                                                   and social
> We take the long view                                     Digitalising                        impact
                                                   > Accelerating our digitally-
                                                     enabled model of distribution.
                                                   > Improving customer servicing.
                                                   > Strengthening our direct
                                                     digital insurance product suite.
                                                   > Entering strategic digital
                                                     partnerships.


                                                            Humanising
                                                   > Upskilling our people, agents
                                                     and partner advisers.
                                                   > Providing inclusive offerings
                                                     for all segments.
                                                   > Ensuring our working
                                                     environment is inclusive
                                                     and promotes belonging.



                                                   SEE OUR STRATEGIC AND OPERATING REVIEW PAGE 16
                                                   SEE OUR ESG STRATEGY PAGE 66

12             Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                             prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                          Group overview




                                                                                                                                          Strategic report

                     Q  What outcomes do we                                                     Q  How do we approach
                             want to see as a result?                                                  executive reward?
                        A  Our long-term                                                          A  We explicitly link
                                                                                                                                          Governance
                                performance                                                              Executive Directors’
                                aspirations are:                                                         Remuneration to
                                                                                                          strategic delivery:
                            Grow the             value
                                                    of our
                            business for shareholders
                                                                                                      Performance conditions of
                                                                                                      Executive Directors include:

Digitalising


                                                                                                                                          Directors’ remuneration report
                                  Operating free surplus generated1                                     New business profit
products,
                                                                                                          55%
                                  2022                                                  2,193
services and                      2018                                    1,564

experiences                       $m     0         500     1,000     1,500     2,000     2,500
                                                                                                           of the financial
                                      EEV shareholders’ equity1                                            performance measures in
                                      2022                                               42.2
                                                                                                            the 2023 Executive
                                                                                                            Directors’ Annual Incentive
                                      2018                                27.4
                                                                                                            Plan (AIP)



                                                                                                                                          Financial statements
                                      $bn 0          10        20        30        40        50

                                                                                                           Return on embedded value
                                 Assets we hold on behalf of our
                                insurance companies will become

                               net zero
                                                                                                          40%
                                                                                                       of the total 2023 Executive
Humanising                   by 2050         2                                                         Director’s Prudential
                                                                                                      Long‑Term Incentive Plan




                                                                                                                                          European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
our company                Carbon emissions (WACI)                                                   (PLTIP) award
and advice                 2022                            219
                                                                                                    ESG metrics constitute
channels
                                                                                                   10%
                           2019                                              386

                                  0          100     200       300       400       500




                      Note
                                                                                              of the total 2023 Executive
                      1    Including proceeds of $2,382 million from the issue                Director’s PLTIP award,
                      2
                           of share capital in October 2021.
                           ‘Net zero’, with regards to greenhouse gas emissions,
                                                                                             including 5 per cent linked
                           refers to a state by which the greenhouse gases going            to carbon reduction
                           into the atmosphere are reduced as close to zero as
                           possible and any residual emissions are balanced by
                           removals from the atmosphere. When translating
                           these emissions to the activities in the value chain
                           of an organisation, net zero is a state in which the




                                                                                                                                          Additional information
                           activities of the value chain for an organisation
                           result in net zero greenhouse gas emissions, in a
                           time frame consistent with the Paris Agreement.




               SEE OUR KEY PERFORMANCE                                                  SEE OUR REMUNERATION
               INDICATORS PAGE 32                                                       REPORT PAGE 226

                                                                                                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   13
Our business model




How we                                    We offer insurance and asset management products, focusing
                                          on the markets where we believe there is rising demand for
create                                    savings and protection offerings. By tailoring our products to
                                          the needs of customers in these markets, we believe we have
value                                     a significant opportunity for growth and value creation.

Our purpose
and function                              We help people get the most out of life ...

The stages in our                                            Meet customer needs                                                         Engage with
business model
                                                            in our selected markets                                                       customers


Key resources                          Markets                                 Products                                   Distribution and
and relationships
we employ …
                                       We operate in many markets              We focus on providing savings              digitalisation
                                       with low insurance penetration          products including participating,
                                                                                                                              Our savings and protection products are
                                       with a growing need for savings          linked, traditional products alongside
                                                                                                                              distributed through our extensive agent
                                       and protection products.                  fee earning asset management
                                                                                                                               network, banks and digital partnerships.
                                                                                  services and protection products.
                                       In these markets we seek to address
                                                                                                                               Our asset management products are
                                       the social requirements for insurance        We develop our products considering
                                                                                                                               distributed to third-party institutions and
                                       and asset management solutions.              the requirements of local markets
                                                                                                                                retail clients alongside services provided
                                       This is achieved through discussions          and the needs of individual customers.
                                                                                                                                 to internal insurance customers.
                                       with governments, regulators,
                                       partners and customers.                                                                    We are working to accelerate the
                                                                                                                                  digital enablement of our distribution
                                                                                                                                   network and a seamless digital
                                                                                                                                    customer experience.




... and what                           We have top three positions in 12 out             Our focus on regular premium                 Our extensive multi-channel
differentiates us                      of 13 life markets in Asia, and Eastspring        savings and protection products              and integrated distribution
                                       is a top-10 asset manager in six of              helps us grow our revenues over time         enables us to better understand and
                                       11 markets. We operate in eight                  as we add new customers and increase        service customers’ financial needs.
                                       countries in Africa, where we have              the savings of our existing customers.
                                                                                                                                    Pulse by Prudential is a digital
                                       built a rapidly-growing multi-product           READ MORE PAGES 16 TO 31                    platform supporting and enabling our
                                       business since our entry in 2014.
                                                                                                                                  customers, agents, and distribution
                                       We are the market leaders of                                                               partners across Asia and Africa.
                                       Syariah business in Indonesia                                                             READ MORE PAGES 16 TO 31
                                       and Malaysia.
                                       READ MORE PAGES 16 TO 31




Underpinned by                         Operating with discipline                                          Building sustainable business
our core behaviours                    Risk management and disciplined allocation of capital              We build sustainable businesses and invest responsibly, seeking
                                       underpin our activities, while our governance, processes           to integrate environmental, social and governance considerations
                                       and controls enable us to deal effectively with uncertainty.       into our investment processes and stewardship activities.
                                       READ MORE PAGES 48 TO 65                                           READ MORE PAGES 66 TO 168



14                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                      prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                Group overview




                                                                                                                                                                                Strategic report




                                                                                                                                                                                Governance
 … by making healthcare affordable and accessible, helping our
 customers protect their wealth and save for their goals.

                              Meet or exceed                                                                  Generate benefits
                          customer expectations                                                              for our stakeholders




                                                                                                                                                                                Directors’ remuneration report
Customer service                         Integrated asset                        The value we create
and loyalty                               management                             for our stakeholders
 We have high customer loyalty,           We leverage Eastspring’s expertise
 with a retention ratio consistently      in equity, bonds and multi-asset
                                                                                 Customers                                           Investors
                                                                                 We aim to provide accessible                        Our Asia and Africa-focused strategy
 in excess of 89 per cent2.                management to underpin our
                                                                                 healthcare solutions as well as                     will support long-term delivery of
                                            insurance products, as well as
   We provide financial safety to                                                empowering our customers to                         future shareholder returns through
                                             offering products direct to
   customers in the difficult times.                                             save for their goals.                               value appreciation and dividends.
                                             third-party institutions and
    The satisfaction and trust our            retail clients.                    During the year we paid out3 over                   EEV


                                                                                    9.3bn                                             42.2bn
    customers have in our services
     translates into a high proportion
                                                                                 $                                                   $

                                                                                                                                                                                Financial statements
     of repeat sales.
                                                                                 to our customers in respect of                      New business profit


                                                                                                                                     $2.2bn
                                                                                 the long-term insurance products
                                                                                 they hold with us

                                                                                 Workforce
                                                                                 We provide an inclusive working                     Government and
                                                                                 environment where we develop talent,                wider society
          We seek to protect the value              Eastspring is one of the     reward performance, protect our                     We regard governments and
          of our business over the longer          largest pan-Asian asset       people and value our differences.                   legislatures in the markets in which




                                                                                                                                                                                European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
         term through meeting customer            managers and benefits


                                                                                 14,681
                                                                                                                                     we operate as important stakeholders.
        expectations and disciplined risk        from the operational leverage
                                                                                                                                     We support our wider communities
       management and increase value            from the substantial assets
                                                                                                                                     through investment in business and
       by adding new customers.                 and predictable inflows from
                                                                                                                                     infrastructure, paying tax and
      READ MORE PAGES 16 TO 31                 the Group’s life business.        employees1
                                                                                                                                     community support activity.



                                                                                                                                       12.2m
                                              READ MORE PAGES 29 TO 30
                                                                                 Regulators
                                                                                 We work with regulators to understand
                                                                                 their objectives, priorities and                    $
                                                                                 concerns, and how they affect the                   Total community investment
                                                                                 shape of our business.                              cash contributions



                                                                                 $ 15.6bn
                                                                                 GWS shareholder surplus
                                                                                                                                     Suppliers
                                                                                                                                     We treat our suppliers fairly so we both
                                                                                                                                     mutually benefit from our relationship.
                                                                                 over GPCR




                                                                                                                                                                                Additional information
 Engaging our stakeholders                                                       Notes
 We engage with our stakeholder groups closely and                               1     Whole Group Full Time Equivalent including Chair, all Directors, GEC members,
 take account of their concerns in our decision-making.                                and Senior Managers, excluding joint ventures.
                                                                                 2     Excluding India, Africa, Myanmar and Laos.
 READ MORE PAGES 170 TO 175                                                      3     Claims paid gross of reinsurance, see note C3.2(i) to the IFRS financial results
                                                                                       for more details.




                                                                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022               15
Strategic and operating review




     A resilient performance
     in 2022, well positioned
     for future opportunities




16         Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                           Group overview




Recent achievements

                                                                                                           Strategic report
Prudential plc shares are included for
Shenzhen and Shanghai-Hong
Kong Stock Connect Programmes
and are included in the

Hang Seng Composite                                                                                        Governance
Index (HSCI)
Prudential received regulatory approval to establish a
branch in Macau

                                                                                                           Directors’ remuneration report


Eastspring Investments was named the
Best Emerging Markets

                                                                                                           Financial statements
Equity Manager
by the Citywire Asia Asset
Management Awards


Made for Every Family             Just and Inclusive              Prudential sponsored the
                                                                  2022 Africa Cup




                                                                                                           European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
inclusive family cover            Transition
provided in our markets           paper published                 of Nations
                                                                  the largest football tournament



35%
                                                                  in Africa viewed by over
                                  On track to meet
                                                                  one billion people


women in
senior leadership
                                  25%
                                  WACI reduction by 2025
                                                           CO2
                                                                  Prudential announced a
                                                                  strategic partnership
                                                                  with Google Cloud
First Climate                     Prudential launched a
                                                                  to enhance health and financial
Transition Plan                   dedicated Syariah               inclusion for communities across
published                         life insurance entity           Asia and Africa




                                                                                                           Additional information
                                  in Indonesia




                                                                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   17
Strategic and operating review / continued




Following the completion of the Group’s restructuring in 2021, our         The first part of 2022 saw Covid-19-related disruption in many of
operations are fully dedicated to the life insurance and asset             our markets as the Omicron variant increased infection levels and
management opportunities in Asia and Africa. Our headquarters and          associated social restrictions. Subsequently, most markets have
management of the Group are now based in Hong Kong.                        returned to more stable operating conditions, albeit the border
                                                                           between the Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong remained closed
Our strategy is aligned with the long-term structural opportunities        throughout 2022. Against this backdrop, APE sales9 increased
in Asia and Africa. Across Asia, the middle class is growing and is        9 per cent10 to $4,393 million on a constant exchange rate basis
forecast to increase by 1.5 billion1 by 2030. Prosperity is also rising    reflecting growth in the second half of 2022 from both agency
across the region2. This combined with a low level of insurance            and bancassurance channels. New business profit11 was down
penetration3 and a high level of out-of-pocket health and protection       (11) per cent10 with the impact of higher APE sales offset by increased
spending4 is driving an estimated $1.8 trillion health protection gap5.    interest rates, most significantly in Hong Kong, and business mix
In Africa, the population is expected to double to more than               effects. Outside of Hong Kong, new business profit grew by
two billion6 people by 2050. These long-term trends underpin               5 per cent10 to $1.8 billion. Additional commentary on the
increasing demand for savings and protection and create significant        performance by segment is included in the Operational performance
opportunities for growth and value creation.                               by market section below.
We have set out that our purpose is to help people get the most out        At a Group level, overall adjusted IFRS operating profit based on
of life and we put our customers at the heart of everything we do.         longer-term investment returns (adjusted operating profit12) for
We strive to meet the needs of our customers and continue to               2022 was $3,375 million, 8 per cent10 higher than 2021, reflecting a
support the development of the capital markets in which we operate.        6 per cent10 increase from insurance and asset management business
We believe that it is important to the long-term success of our Group      and a decline in central expenses13 of 26 per cent10, reflecting lower
that we play a wider role in the societies in which we operate. In Asia    interest costs. IFRS profit after tax was $1,007 million in 2022
and Africa, we seek to promote financial inclusion and a just and          (2021: $2,143 million on a CER basis, $2,214 million on an AER basis),
inclusive transition to a low-carbon economy. We will use our              reflecting short-term volatility from the impact of higher interest
investments in both corporate and government sectors to promote            rates and lower equity markets on the valuation of investments and
long-term sustainable development that is equitable for our markets        insurance liabilities, offset in part by the benefit from refinements to
in the context of their historic carbon emissions. We also aim to fulfil   the reserving basis following adoption of the Hong Kong Risk-Based
our purpose for our employees, one of our greatest assets. As an           Capital regime (HK RBC). The Group’s financial performance for
employer, we have promised to make Prudential a place where our            the year is further discussed in the Financial Review later in this
people can connect, grow and succeed.                                      strategic report.
To further our purpose, we continue to focus on developing our range       Customers
of products and investing in our distribution channels as well as          Customers are at the heart of everything we do. Our customer-centric
enhancing and embedding our digital capabilities. In this way, we          strategy has three key pillars:
expand our capacity to help protect our customers from threats to
their health and wellbeing, as well as support them to achieve their       > ‘WE Listen to Understand’ the needs of our customers across
savings goals. We also remain focused on investing in our people and         different segments and build lifelong relationships when we
systems to ensure we have the resources to deliver on our long-term          onboard them. For example, our customer segmentation has
growth strategy and to enhance our operating model to keep pace              identified a clear opportunity in further expanding our offering in
with our opportunities.                                                      the family segment leading to the launch of the innovative ‘WE DO
                                                                             Family’ proposition in 2022. Through the application of a
We have strong franchises and operational expertise in both the              data-driven approach, this proposition helps us identify the needs
more developed markets and developing markets in Asia and Africa.            of our customers based on their life events and individual
We continue to build on our success in the Chinese Mainland where            circumstances, helping us to tailor our offerings and build lifelong
we see substantial opportunity to deepen our presence across a               relationships. More than 30 per cent of our new customers are from
nationwide footprint. With the newly set up Macau branch of the              the affluent and advanced affluent segments and over 50 per cent
Hong Kong business, we are strengthening our operations to capture           of policies issued are health and protection plans to cover for
the opportunities in the Greater Bay Area and to fully prepare               critical illness, to provide medical reimbursement to cover hospital
ourselves for the increase in opportunities following the reopening of       bills and to give protection against loss of income from acute illness
the border between Hong Kong and the Chinese Mainland. We also               or permanent disability. 43 per cent of our new business profit was
see large growth opportunities in South-east Asia, particularly in           contributed by health and protection products. These products
Indonesia and Thailand, and also in India. Our focus on selected             and solutions are offered through our multi-channel and integrated
markets in East and West Africa has provided us with exposure to             distribution and are key to driving long-term business growth.
a growing and fast-changing continent since we re-entered Africa
in 2014.
We will allocate capital to those markets that we consider to have
attractive size and demographic characteristics, and where we
believe we have the ability to build and retain competitive advantage.
Through leveraging our scale and expertise in those markets we
believe we can achieve attractive returns. We have significant
investment appetite and capacity to support organic growth through
funding the writing of new business and through adding to our
existing capabilities, including distribution. We also remain ready
to consider strategic inorganic opportunities.
We seek geographic diversification of our Asia operations among
Greater China7, our businesses in South-east Asia8 and India.




18                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                 prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                     Group overview




> ‘WE Care’ for our customers to deliver value across all the              Agency
  engagements they have with us. At Prudential, we have well-              Agency continues to be an integral part of Prudential’s brand



                                                                                                                                                     Strategic report
  established core expertise in utilising data and insights to improve     and customer service platform. Across our markets, we have
  customer interactions and make operational improvements to               launched and connected a series of agency growth programmes
  provide a differentiated and personalised experience to our              to build capabilities and expand capacity for our agency platform.
  customers. At the point of purchasing, smart underwriting using          Prudential’s Futuready Agency programmes aim to give our
  reflexive methods (an approach to inquiries that generates follow        agency force a defensible competitive advantage by leveraging
  up questions based on the initial answer) enables instant                technology, behavioural science, and analytics to improve their skill
  underwriting decisions with confirmation of terms.                       sets, capabilities, and external positioning for long-term sustainable
  In 2022, 79 per cent of new policies were auto-underwritten and          growth.
  41 per cent of policies were issued with no human intervention.
  At the point of claims, 64 per cent of claims are submitted              Our Futuready Agency programmes have four areas of emphasis:


                                                                                                                                                     Governance
  electronically and 31 per cent of all claims are auto-adjudicated        > Attracting talent from target segments. PruVenture is Prudential’s
  for instantaneous approval. These actions supported 46 per cent14          signature recruitment programme to attract talent and build a
  of our APE sales being generated by our customers making a                 purpose-driven agency force. This has been deployed in seven
  repeat purchase in 2022.                                                   core agency markets18 and onboarded over 9,800 associates
> ‘WE Build’ customer advocacy by listening to the voice of                  over three years with productivity19 four times higher than
  customers to understand and address their feedback. We have                standard new recruits. Our profiling assessment, PruDNA,
  adopted a systematic approach to understanding customer                    selects individuals with high propensity to succeed. Thirty
  feedback and then applying the insights gained to continually              thousand successful agents went through PruDNA assessment
  improve our offerings with the aim of delivering best-in-class             in 2022, prior to joining Prudential.




                                                                                                                                                     Directors’ remuneration report
  customer experiences through each touchpoint and interaction.            > Leading and coaching leaders. PruVerge is Prudential’s signature
  Customer retention remains high at over 89 per cent14.                     learning programme for the next generation of leaders to help
We seek to expand and innovate the coverage of our health and                them attract, recruit, coach and build high-performing teams.
financial security products in an inclusive manner. This entails             This has enrolled over 6,000 Verge leaders over two years, where
delivering solutions that recognise the evolution and needs of               they learn the science of coaching and development utilising a
non-nuclear families, women, religious minorities, small and                 data-driven decision model. We saw an increase in agent
medium-sized enterprises, and lower-income groups. During 2022,              recruitment per leader of 50 per cent for the Verge leaders while
we launched strategic propositions that celebrate ‘families of every         overall recruitment was up 9 per cent and agent productivity
shape and size’. Across 11 markets, we rolled out a range of new and         measured by cases per agent increased 6 per cent in the year.
extended products that are ‘Made For Every Family’ with progressive        > Building a premium career path for purpose-driven agents and
term definitions (such as ‘Beneficiary’) to offer more tailored              offering robust professional development. We had over 7,000
protection for extended family members.                                      agents with production levels that qualified for the Million Dollar




                                                                                                                                                     Financial statements
                                                                             Round Table (MDRT) contributing to 42 per cent20 of APE sales in
Our total life customer base increased to 18.3 million15 (2021:              the relevant markets in 2022.
17.7 million15). New policies16 included 2.4 million17 health and          > Nurturing prospects by reimagining every aspect of prospecting,
protection cases, an increase of 9 per cent when compared with               engaging, and advising to fit the digital business environment.
2021, reflecting our customers’ increased focus on this area in light of     Agents using PRULeads, our activity and leads management
the pandemic. While these policies were generally smaller in size than       engine, were 30 per cent more productive19 with 32 per cent of
in previous years17, we believe that the conversion of these customer        agency sales generated using PRULeads21 (2021: circa 30 per cent)
interactions into sales by our diverse distribution channels is evidence     from 7.3 million leads22 (2021: 10.2 million) channelled via
of the power and quality of the Group’s franchise and brand.                 PRULeads.




                                                                                                                                                     European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Our strategy is to be a customer-centric organisation, driven by           Agency generated $1.2 billion of new business profit (2021:
customer needs. Customers are active in conducting their own               $1.6 billion10) at a margin of 70 per cent (2021: 89 per cent) with
research, for example through search engines and social media;             sales adversely affected by Covid-19-related restrictions in the
however, when it comes to purchasing decisions on life insurance,          first half of 2022. Sales through our agency business represent
given the complexity and emotions, their preferred route is to seek        61 per cent of our total health and protection APE sales. As the
advice. Our multi-channel and integrated distribution strategy             impact of Covid-19 subsides and agency activity resumes, we expect
enables us to adapt flexibly to changing local market conditions in        the agency contribution to new business profit to increase while
order to deliver products and services to targeted consumer segments       maintaining the diversified distribution mix in line with our strategy.
and support our growth ambitions. This distribution network
encompasses agency and bancassurance partnerships with a digital
platform. Historically, agency contributed around 80 per cent of our
overall new business profit in 2019. Asian and African insurance
market distribution dynamics have been significantly affected by
Covid-19-related restrictions. Over the last three years, our
bancassurance sales have been relatively resilient and agency sales
have been limited by mobility. As a result, the proportion of new
business profit through agency reduced to 55 per cent with the




                                                                                                                                                     Additional information
majority of the reduction due to the restriction of the border between
the Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong.




                                                                                                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   19
Strategic and operating review / continued




Bancassurance                                                             Accelerating the digital enablement of our distribution network
Bancassurance plays a key role in our diversified multi-channel           remains critical for Prudential. We provide a full set of digital
platform. We operate the largest independent bancassurance                capabilities enabling agents to interact with customers via a
franchise in Asia with access to over 190 bancassurance partners of       multi-channel approach. The use of data and analytics helps
which 10 are strategic partners. We continue to invest and integrate      accelerate our aspiration to support and increase sales productivity
our insurance solutions into the bank partners’ platforms and             from those within our organisation, to those of our distribution
ecosystems to enable a seamless customer journey, supporting              partners. From a data security perspective, we have developed a
online to offline, virtual face-to-face and self-directed sales.          common bancassurance gateway which can manage all transactions
We also leverage our expertise in selling through bank partners           securely between any bank and Prudential’s businesses, ensuring
to deepen our customer relationships with an emphasis on health           data security and privacy is always top of mind.
and protection solutions.
                                                                          PRUServices is our digital customer servicing platform, allowing
Bancassurance was our largest channel in 2022, generating                 customers and agents to access their policy claims, payments, and
$2,225 million in APE sales. Our strategic partnerships, both             benefits. Customers and agents can manage policies, from tracking
regionally and locally, contribute 74 per cent of our overall             the status of a policy proposal to reinstating a lapsed policy, via
bancassurance APE sales in 2022.                                          self-service features on the platform. PRUServices is live in nine
                                                                          markets. We aim to deliver a seamless digital experience for
Our continual focus on segment specific propositions and solutions        customers through an effective end-to-end journey. We believe this
to address comprehensive customer needs resulted in new business          will strengthen customer affinity toward Prudential, reduce attrition
profit through the bancassurance channel of $879 million in 2022,         of the in-force policy values and support the value represented by
representing an increase of 15 per cent10 from 2021, with seven           our installed customer base.
Asian markets and Africa showing double-digit growth10. New health
and protection policies sold through the bancassurance channel            Furthermore, the ability to embed insurance products in our
increased 39 per cent in the year.                                        ecosystem and in core offerings from our partners is critical.
                                                                          To offer these products dynamically and seamlessly to the broadest
Digital                                                                   possible market is only achievable via a digital platform. We have
Prudential’s digital platform, Pulse, continues to support and enable     strengthened our direct product suite, including the launch of
our agents, customers and distribution partners across Asia and           endowment products in several markets both via Pulse and through
Africa in 19 of our majority owned markets of operation. We are           partners’ mobile apps. This has enabled us to capture a larger pool
constantly evolving the Pulse proposition as market conditions and        of insurance customers from a wider range of socio-economic
the distribution landscape changes. The agility and flexibility of the    segments. Our life insurance joint venture in the Chinese Mainland
platform allows us to provide products and services that meet the         and our associate in India maintain their own high-quality offerings
changing needs of multiple customer segments locally, while also          via digital platforms with further details provided in the relevant
providing up-to-date customer insights and leads to our distribution      sections that follow.
network. Pulse also supports a wide variety of modules to assist our
agency force such as an integrated training and recruitment solution,     Finally, we have expanded our collaboration with new partners.
‘real-time’ management information tools and AI-powered analytics.        For example, in October 2022, we entered a strategic partnership
From a technology standpoint, the Pulse platform utilises a one           with Google Cloud to make healthcare and financial security more
platform approach, allowing Prudential to consolidate and reduce IT       accessible across Asia and Africa. This strategic partnership supports
investment over the long term as well as accelerate application           our broader digital strategy to leverage AI and advanced analytics
development and deployment across our many markets. We remain             to transform the customer and agent experience and lower barriers
committed to the strategic pillars which have driven our digital          to accessing financial services.
transformation and underpin our digital strategy. These are outlined
below:                                                                    Asset and wealth management
                                                                          Eastspring Investments (‘Eastspring’) is the pan-Asia asset
> Accelerating our digitally-enabled model of distribution                management arm of Prudential with a presence in 11 Asian markets23
  via PRUForce;                                                           as well as distribution offices in North America and Europe. Eastspring
> Improving servicing of existing and new customers                       is a top-10 asset manager in six of these markets24 managing or
  via PRUServices;                                                        advising on $221.4 billion in assets25. Eastspring is well placed to
> Strengthening our direct digital insurance suite of products            address the saving and investment needs of customers across the
  and services; and                                                       region through a team of 300 investment professionals with local
> Nurturing new business verticals and partnerships to drive              market expertise. Eastspring also benefits from reliable and stable
  future customer acquisition opportunities.                              fund inflows from the Group’s insurance businesses which, together
                                                                          with its broad regional footprint, it can leverage to meet the
PRUForce, our agency tool on the Pulse platform, has allowed              long-term opportunity to grow mutual fund penetration from the
our agents to be more efficient, reaching and managing multiple           market’s current low base. Eastspring is also playing an important role
customers at a time, whilst still maintaining a personalised approach.    as an active asset manager and is engaging with investee companies
We continue to improve and refine this approach, with PRUForce            and governments in supporting our commitment to carbon reduction
central to the evolution of our agency network. PRUForce is live in six   in our insurance company asset portfolio26, allowing us to deliver
markets and offers our agents the competitive advantage by allowing       profitable growth alongside a positive social impact.
them to stay connected with customers, building trust and providing
personalised advice.                                                      During the year, Eastspring’s average funds under management or
                                                                          advice decreased by (5) per cent10 to $229.4 billion (2021:
                                                                          $240.9 billion10), reflecting adverse market movements during the
                                                                          year, partially offset by net inflows, including from the Group’s
                                                                          insurance business.




20                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                               prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                   Group overview




As a Group, we see opportunities to deepen our share of the wealth       During 2022 Seck Wai-Kwong, CEO, Eastspring; Dennis Tan, CEO,
market by providing holistic wealth solutions to our high-net-worth      Prudential Singapore; Lilian Ng, CEO, Insurance; and Solmaz Altin,



                                                                                                                                                   Strategic report
and affluent customers. Our large and diverse customer base,             Group Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer, were all promoted
well-positioned agency networks, strong intermediary relationships       to the Group Executive Committee (GEC). Mr Tan, Ms Ng and Mr Altin
and leading brand name position us well to better serve this segment     were promoted to Managing Directors of the Strategic Business
and deepen our relationship with our existing customers. Fund            Groups, which consist of selected markets. Mr Seck remains
solutions occupy a central role in the product proposition, and we are   responsible for the growth of Eastspring’s business and the delivery of
focused on offering customer choice and access to top fund               its investment performance. Prudential’s leadership team was further
managers and innovative portfolio options. Our aim is to distinguish     enhanced with the appointment of Lawrence Lam as the new CEO
ourselves in this market through our service to customers and            of the Hong Kong insurance business and Bundit Jiamanukoonkit
additional value-added services, such as consultation with               (Kenny) as the new CEO of the Thailand insurance business.
independent panels providing legal and estate planning advice.

                                                                                                                                                   Governance
                                                                         Outlook
People                                                                   We continue to believe that the Group’s multi-channel, digitally
The Group employs over 14,000 members of staff27. As an employer,        enabled distribution model positions us well to capture the
we have made a promise to make Prudential a place where our              opportunities open to us, and this competitive advantage, alongside
people can Connect, Grow and Succeed. A significant part of that         our distinctive geographical footprint and customer-centric product
pledge to employees is preparing them for the future of work, so that    range enables us to deliver a resilient performance.
they can participate in and contribute confidently to our business
transformation. We believe in creating a workforce and a workplace       There are signs that Covid-19-related impacts in many of our markets
that is innovative, inclusive and customer-centric. During 2022, we      have stabilised, albeit operating conditions may continue to be
                                                                         challenging given the volatile macroeconomic environment and




                                                                                                                                                   Directors’ remuneration report
focused on equipping our employees with these future-ready skills
through a series of webinars and developing our innovation and           increasing risks of inflation. We enter 2023 with a resilient balance
design thinking capabilities within the organisation.                    sheet and strong capital position, which we believe will enable us to
                                                                         manage these uncertainties and capture the resulting opportunities
Our goal is to empower our people and deepen belonging at                that arise.
Prudential by respecting and appreciating differences. We maintain a
culture where diversity is celebrated, and inclusion assured for our     We are encouraged by the year-on-year sales growth we have seen
people, customers and partners. Building on the launch of                in the first two months of 2023. Our actions to maintain and build
PRUCommunities in 2021, our employee-led networks continued to           agent capacity and our continued innovation to broaden our product
enhance connections and are key to deepening belonging at                proposition mean we stand ready to serve our customers across all
Prudential. In 2022, we saw the global launch of various communities     our markets. In particular, we are well positioned in Hong Kong and
including PRU Women Empowered, PRU Young Professionals,                  the Chinese Mainland to take advantage of the opportunities that we
Women in Tech, Mental Health First Aiders and the intersectional We      expect to arise as Covid-19-related restrictions are eased. We have
                                                                         seen a gradual increase in cross-border traffic with sales in the first




                                                                                                                                                   Financial statements
DO Wellness, joining the well-established PRUPride. We have been
included in the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index 2023, being listed       two months of 2023 driven predominately by savings products.
on the index for the third successive year.                              We remain confident that we have the financial resilience, capital
Leadership developments                                                  strength and capability to meet the growing protection and savings
2022 saw a number of leadership changes to support the ongoing           needs of our customers in Asia and Africa. By doing so, we believe
evolution of the Group. The internal promotions during the year of       we will deliver on our purpose to help people get the most out of life
James Turner to Group Chief Financial Officer and Avnish Kalra to        and also build value for our shareholders over the long term.
Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer, demonstrate Prudential’s
bench-strength and ability to focus on operational delivery by




                                                                                                                                                   European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
leveraging continuity in executive leadership. In addition, the Group
continues to benefit from broad based and experienced local
leadership teams who are deeply rooted in their markets.




                                                                                                                                                   Additional information




                                                                                                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   21
Strategic and operating review / continued




Operational performance by market
The following commentary provides an update on the operational capabilities and performance
for each of the Group’s segments. Discussion of the financial performance of the Group and its
segments, including adjusted operating profit, is contained separately in the Financial review section
of this Strategic report.

         Chinese Mainland – CITIC Prudential Life (CPL)
                                                                                                                               Actual exchange rate          Constant exchange rate

                                                                                                                2022                 2021          Change         2021           Change

APE sales ($m)                                                                                                   884                 776              14%          743             19%
New business profit ($m)                                                                                         387                 352              10%          337             15%
New business margin (%)                                                                                           44                  45            (1)ppt          45           (1)ppt
Adjusted operating profit ($m)*                                                                                  368                 343               7%          329             12%
IFRS profit after tax ($m)                                                                                      (144)                278           (152)%          266          (154)%

Amounts included in the table above represent the Group’s 50 per cent share.
*   Adjusted operating profit and Group IFRS profit after tax are discussed separately in the Financial review section of this Strategic report.

The Chinese Mainland continues to present significant growth                                              been underpinned by a diversified distribution strategy with a
opportunities for the Group, with a population of circa 1.4 billion28,                                    high-quality agency force and strong partnerships with banks
with low levels of insurance penetration and an estimated health and                                      delivering customer-centric protection and savings solutions.
protection gap of $805 billion5. Furthermore, a number of factors also
support further growth both in health and protection as well as                                           The 19 per cent10 growth in APE sales was driven by stronger growth
retirement planning products and services. These include regulatory                                       in the bancassurance channel (an increase of 32 per cent10), with the
proposals which are conducive to the long-term development of                                             agency business being consolidated with the aim of driving quality
insurance markets as well as favourable demographics such as an                                           throughout 2022 resulting in an overall decrease of (7) per cent10 in
ageing population, emerging middle class and rapid urbanisation.                                          the year. In the first half of 2021 agency sales benefited from the
The recent announcement made by the China Banking and                                                     effect of regulatory changes in the definition of critical illness
Insurance Regulatory Commission (CBIRC) to reform private                                                 coverage, which did not recur in the current year, lowering APE sales
pension schemes offers a significant opportunity for foreign insurers                                     by (11) per cent10 in the first half of 2022. Agency APE sales in the
with strong financial capability and deep expertise in retirement                                         second half of 2022 were 6 per cent10 higher than the equivalent
planning products.                                                                                        period in the prior year.

Prudential’s life business in the Chinese Mainland, CPL, is a 50/50 joint                                 APE sales growth led to a 15 per cent10 increase in overall new
venture with CITIC, a leading Chinese state-owned conglomerate. CPL                                       business profit for 2022 compared with the same period in 2021
benefits from the strong brands of both shareholders and a balanced                                       and is now 44 per cent10 higher than that of the pre-pandemic year,
distribution network with strength in agency and bancassurance and                                        2019. Overall new business margins were marginally lower at
a well-diversified product range. CPL is a powerful franchise with an                                     44 per cent (2021: 45 per cent). Agency margin was 65 per cent
extensive footprint across 23 branches. CPL is focused on the affluent                                    (2021: 71 per cent) and bancassurance margin was 43 per cent
and upper affluent segments of the market where there is more                                             (2021: 39 per cent).
stability of income and employment. CPL’s diverse footprint supported                                     Delivering customer-led solutions
its resilient performance with its Greater Bay Area cluster and Beijing                                   CPL seeks to address customers’ financial security and wellbeing at
new business profit growing at 72 per cent and 18 per cent respectively,                                  different life stages, with built-in related services enriching the overall
offsetting some softness in Shanghai and surrounding cities which                                         customer propositions. Solutions and services are combined in an
were most affected by Covid-19 surges during the first half of the year.                                  ecosystem that provides an integrated experience, which seeks to
Overall, CPL has more than doubled new business profit between 2017                                       identify and meet the customers’ needs and so strengthens
and 2022, and it continues to outperform the market; the total Chinese                                    relationships with them for the long term.
Mainland industry-wide measure of gross written premium increased
by 3 per cent in the year, while CPL, on the same basis, saw an increase                                  During 2022 CPL continued to develop customised protection
of 16 per cent29 in 2022. We believe that these operational outcomes                                      solutions. One specialised critical illness product that was specifically
are due to CPL seeking to put customers first and to enrich their health                                  developed to meet the needs of customers in the Greater Bay Area
and wealth journeys. As Covid-19-related controls are progressively                                       of the Chinese Mainland contributed 21 per cent of CPL’s relevant
removed, CPL will continue to use its multi-distribution platform to                                      APE sales in that area. Beyond protection, CPL expanded its
serve the insurance needs of customers in terms of health, protection,                                    concierge service network to not only cover healthcare needs,
long-term savings and retirement planning and expects to see a more                                       including specialist consultation on treatment options, priority
balanced mix of sales from agency and bancassurance going forward.                                        hospital access and mental health rehabilitation services, but also
                                                                                                          through development of our retirement and planning concierge
New business performance during 2022                                                                      service. This expansion includes extension of CPL’s retirement village
CPL is the largest single market contributor to the Group’s total APE                                     network to cover 17 institutions in seven cities.
sales in 2022. Despite isolated lockdowns, CPL achieved APE sales
growth of 19 per cent10 to $884 million. This resilient growth has




22                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                               prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                               Group overview




CPL is enhancing the digital experience to its customers and                                              completed sales. Over time, as CPL’s agency force continues to
distributors, including through its mobile first Xin Yi Tong app. CPL’s                                   mature and build experience, we expect this to result in further



                                                                                                                                                                                               Strategic report
‘Virtual Lounge’ leverages technology to humanise the connection                                          enhancement in productivity, providing additional support to the
between the agent and the customer. The technology’s ease of use                                          growth trajectory in CPL.
by customers has been recognised by digital media. In fact, CPL’s
business continues to report one of the highest virtual sales30 rates                                     Meanwhile, CPL also continues to build out its bancassurance
among the Group’s businesses, at over 80 per cent.                                                        distribution network, adding 11 partners. China Merchant Bank has
                                                                                                          become a significant partner in the Greater Bay Area and beyond.
Multi-channel distribution                                                                                CPL has a network of 59 bancassurance partners with access to
CPL continues to focus on building a professional, high-quality                                           over 6,600 branches across the Chinese Mainland. Importantly,
agency force, with a strong understanding of our health protection                                        these relationships are strengthened and enhanced by 3,200 local
and retirement planning products. CPL has over 15,200 agents that                                         insurance specialists catering to customers of the banks. This has


                                                                                                                                                                                               Governance
serve customers across the country. While CPL’s agency channel                                            resulted in higher levels of new business from the bank channel and
continues to go through a period of rationalisation along with the                                        supported an improvement in product mix. We believe that this highly
overall industry, CPL’s agency force shows signs of stabilising in                                        effective service model supported the 45 per cent10 growth in new
numbers as well as improvements in quality, with APE sales per active                                     business profit in the bancassurance channel. Consistent with the
agent rising 9 per cent. CPL had over 1,000 agents with production                                        ongoing regulatory developments in terms of capital management
levels that qualified for the Million Dollar Round Table (MDRT) in                                        and customer conduct in the industry, we expect that refinements in
2022. CPL is providing agents with advanced tools and techniques                                          the product features may, in the short-term, impact volumes but CPL
that help them engage with customers in order to provide solutions                                        continues to evolve its product set so that focus remains on meeting
tailored to their needs and manage the conversion of leads to                                             customer demands.




                                                                                                                                                                                               Directors’ remuneration report
       Hong Kong
                                                                                                                                Actual exchange rate               Constant exchange rate

                                                                                                                2022                 2021            Change              2021         Change

APE sales ($m)                                                                                                  522                   550              (5)%               546          (4)%
New business profit ($m)                                                                                        384                   736             (48)%               731         (47)%
New business margin (%)                                                                                          74                   134           (60)ppts              134       (60)ppts
Adjusted operating profit ($m)*                                                                               1,036                   975                6%               969            7%
IFRS profit after tax ($m)                                                                                     (211)                1,068            (120)%             1,060        (120)%




                                                                                                                                                                                               Financial statements
*    Adjusted operating profit and Group IFRS profit after tax are discussed separately in the Financial review section of this Strategic report.

Prudential has a strong and reputable brand in Hong Kong and serves                                       professional financial advice with a broad product spectrum and
over 1.3 million customers. The fifth wave of the Covid-19 epidemic                                       access to high-quality medical care available in Hong Kong, amongst
significantly decreased the amount of economic activity in Hong                                           other factors. As a result, we expect to see the gradual return of this
Kong, especially during the first half of the year with the impact                                        important source of new business as cross-border travel normalises for
compounded by restrictions on cross-border travel.                                                        family and business visits with the resumption of quarantine free
                                                                                                          travelling. We are well prepared in all aspects, including distribution
Demand for insurance products and solutions centres around                                                channels and customer servicing, platforms and systems, to serve
retirement, legacy planning and health protection. Retirement savings                                     Chinese Mainland customers.




                                                                                                                                                                                               European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
needs are driven by a de minimis social security net, very limited
employer contribution schemes and increasing longevity and rising                                         We obtained a licence to open our Macau branch in January 2023,
dependency ratios. As a result, the average member of the Hong Kong                                       strengthening our operations to capture the opportunities in the
population has no option but to voluntarily purchase savings and                                          Greater Bay Area. We are building distribution capabilities having
insurance products. In addition, an awareness of the need for health                                      established a strong and experienced leadership team in Macau. We
and protection products is generally high: an ageing population,                                          expect that the Macau branch will take some time to establish itself
relatively low benefit growth schemes offered by employers, the                                           before contributing meaningfully to the Hong Kong business.
government’s desire to manage down medical expenditure from
the public purse and the rising cost of medical attention shape the                                       New business performance during 2022
market for these sorts of products. These needs and concerns from                                         Overall APE sales declined by (4) per cent10 in the year to $522 million,
Hong Kong consumers are also relevant to Chinese Mainland visitors.                                       with sales through our agency channel adversely affected by the fifth
86 per cent of those surveyed said they are likely to purchase insurance                                  wave of the Covid-19 pandemic in the first half of the year. However
in Hong Kong for legacy planning and health protection                                                    we saw a recovery in the second half with APE sales growing by
                                                                                                          30 per cent10 compared with the first half, with growth across all
Chinese Mainland customers remain an important customer segment                                           channels, demonstrating our capacity to grow once the economy is
for the Hong Kong business and represented around 50 per cent of                                          fully reopened. In fact, based on the latest statistics available from the
Hong Kong’s policies sold in 2019, prior to the Covid-19 pandemic.                                        regulator for the full year, our sales outperformed the market, aided by
We believe that Chinese Mainland customers continue to provide                                            the timely launch of our signature multi-currency product. Our market




                                                                                                                                                                                               Additional information
a significant long-term opportunity for the Hong Kong insurance                                           share29 of APE sales increased by 2.0 percentage points to 7.4 per cent
industry, an opportunity Prudential Hong Kong remains focused upon,                                       for 2022 compared with 2021. In the discrete fourth quarter of 2022,
despite the fact that sales momentum has been severely impacted                                           we outperformed the market and increased our market share to
by the restriction on cross-border travel since late January 2020.                                        12.5 per cent48, an increase of more than 5 percentage points compared
The fundamental reasons for Chinese Mainland customers buying                                             with the discrete fourth quarter of 2021. This expanded market share
insurance products in Hong Kong remain the same, including                                                was underpinned by the strong performance and maintenance of sales
diversification in terms of currency and asset class, access to                                           quality in both agency and bancassurance channels.


                                                                                                                                           Prudential plc Annual Report 2022     23
Strategic and operating review / continued




New business profit was $384 million, down (47) per cent10, driven by                                     Our investment proposition provides access to international equities
lower sales volumes and a 60 percentage point fall in the new profit                                      and bonds. Our with-profits product offering pools the investments
margin. The impact of the large rise in US interest rates on the risk                                     of policyholders and allocates returns based on long-term investment
discount rate applied under our EEV methodology had a significant                                         performance. This is a distinct, capital-efficient structure benefiting
impact on new business profitability. Excluding economic impacts,                                         from significant scale, enabling Prudential to provide differentiated
our new business profit was $572 million (2021: $731 million10).                                          products while generating attractive margins.
Channel and product mix also lowered margins with a lower
proportion of agency sales and individual health and protection                                           Multi-channel distribution
business in the period.                                                                                   We operate a digitally-enabled multi-distribution platform and
                                                                                                          provide customers with a choice on how they prefer to be served.
Delivering customer-led solutions
Our continued pivot to domestic customers has resulted in an                                              Our agency force accounted for more than 58 per cent of our APE
overall increase of market share to 7.4 per cent31, based on the                                          sales in the year. Despite a challenging operating backdrop in the first
latest statistics available from the regulator for 2022, despite fierce                                   half of the year, agent activity rebounded in the second half, assisted
competition in the domestic market. Our customer base is stable                                           by our drive to increase activity through customer-centric solutions,
with a retention rate of over 97 per cent.                                                                enhancing digital capabilities and training and development
                                                                                                          programmes. The second half of 2022 saw positive momentum with
The business continues to refresh and upgrade its customer                                                an increase in APE sales for agency channel by 57 per cent, compared
offerings with comprehensive protection and wealth accumulation                                           with the first half of the year. The average agent case size was up
propositions for affluent customers, for example through the launch                                       17 per cent year-on-year on the back of a broadened savings product
of our new multi-currency saving product with a special feature for                                       suite. Agent recruitment has also rebounded 45 per cent in the
wealth distribution across generations.                                                                   second half of the year compared with the first half of the year.
We continue to enhance our health and protection product suite for our                                    On the bancassurance side, we have a long-standing strategic alliance
customers and potential customers as well as being a leading player and                                   with Standard Chartered Bank which has gone from strength to
offering a full range of VHIS products to serve our domestic customers.                                   strength for more than 20 years. We were the leading major non-bank
We have fully embraced the government’s ‘Qualified Deferred Annuity                                       owned insurer in the bancassurance channel and increased our market
Plan’ (QDAP) for retirement and continue to offer a competitive product,                                  share, measured by share of APE sales in the latest available public data
making us one of the leading players in the market.                                                       for 202231, driven by timely launch of new products and robust training
                                                                                                          and sales motivation.



       Indonesia
                                                                                                                                Actual exchange rate         Constant exchange rate

                                                                                                                2022                 2021           Change        2021           Change

APE sales ($m)                                                                                                   247                  252            (2)%          243               2%
New business profit ($m)                                                                                         125                  125               –          120               4%
New business margin (%)                                                                                           51                   50            1ppt           49             2ppts
Adjusted operating profit ($m)*                                                                                  343                  446           (23)%          429            (20)%
IFRS profit after tax ($m)                                                                                       243                  362           (33)%          348            (30)%

*    Adjusted operating profit and Group IFRS profit after tax are discussed separately in the Financial review section of this Strategic report.

Indonesia remains a critical market for Prudential. It is expected to                                     agent, and drive higher performance through operational efficiency.
contribute more than a third of ASEAN’s economic growth32 between                                         This aims to consolidate our position in what is a large and vastly
now and 2026, hence long-term growth prospects remain extremely                                           under-insured market, recovering from a challenging economic
favourable. We see strong growth prospects specifically in the Syariah                                    backdrop and operating environment.
segment given low insurance penetration rates, a substantial
protection gap and a sizeable Muslim population33.                                                        New business performance during 2022
                                                                                                          Overall APE sales increased by 2 per cent10 in the year to $247 million,
We regained our leadership position in the Indonesian life market                                         despite Covid-19-related restrictions hampering sales activity in the
with 11 per cent market share29 by weighted new business premium                                          first half of the year, limiting face-to-face interactions, and resulting
in 2022. We are also the market leader in the agency segment with                                         in reduced footfall within bank branches. Mitigation efforts included
28 per cent of market share29, and a market leader in the fast-growing                                    leveraging our digital infrastructure to drive sales which, combined
Syariah segment, with 32 per cent market share29.                                                         with restrictions easing in the second half of 2022, contributed to
                                                                                                          a 30 per cent10 increase in APE sales for the second half of 2022
In 2022, we became the first multi-national insurer to set up a                                           compared with the first half of the year, and an overall increase in
dedicated Syariah life insurance entity in Indonesia as part of our                                       APE sales of 7 per cent in the second half of the year compared with
strategy to meet the growing demands for Syariah solutions and                                            the second half of 2021. Overall new business profit increased by
support the growth of the Syariah community and economy.                                                  4 per cent10 compared with 2021 reflecting higher sales volumes
Our innovative product capabilities, coupled with a multi-channel                                         and a small increase in profit margin to 51 per cent.
distribution network, puts us in a strong position to grow our business
and expand our customer reach.                                                                            Delivering customer-led solutions
                                                                                                          We continue to focus on maintaining our market leadership by
Having completed a comprehensive refresh of our product offering,                                         broadening our propositions, delivering sound advice and solutions,
we recently initiated a transformation programme for the operations                                       providing a superior customer experience, enhancing operational
of the Indonesian business, looking to refresh the existing agency                                        effectiveness, and exploring new avenues for customer acquisition.
model, rejuvenate the sales capability, improve productivity per


24                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                 prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                Group overview




In terms of product propositions, we leveraged our dedicated Syariah                                      Multi-channel distribution
life insurance entity in Indonesia by launching several new products in                                   Driving the quality and productivity of our agency channel has



                                                                                                                                                                                                Strategic report
2022. This included a first-in-market with yearly renewable term                                          remained one of our most important priorities. With 980 agents
standalone Syariah critical illness product (PRUSolusi Kondisi Kritis                                     qualifying for the MDRT award in 2022, we are the leader in the
Syariah) to meet consumer demand for simple, affordable cover. We                                         agency channel. The shift to full time agents led to a reduction in the
also launched an enhanced version of the first-in-market Syariah                                          overall agency force by (7) per cent to 183,000. This contributed to
education savings product, first launched in 2021 (PRUCerah Plus),                                        an improvement in agency productivity19 of 8 per cent compared
which supports customers with their children’s university education                                       with 2021. Management actions include a drive to create a long-term
costs. These innovative products further strengthened our                                                 career path for agents and a focus on urban areas where there is
competitive position of being the only insurer to offer Syariah                                           more scope for operational leverage. Resumption of full face-to-face
traditional insurance solutions across multiple channels.                                                 agency activities followed a relaxation of Covid-19-related
                                                                                                          restrictions, enabling us to further penetrate the advice-based

                                                                                                                                                                                                Governance
The business also launched new medical products (PRUSolusi Sehat                                          affluent segment. This contributed to a 26 per cent10 growth
Plus Pro and PRUSolusi Sehat Plus Pro Syariah) to address the health                                      in average APE per new policy compared with 2021.
protection needs of a family, midlife, and younger segments. We also
continued to serve the insurance needs of the mass market segments                                        In the bancassurance channel, our long-standing strategic
by launching eight bite-sized digital protection offerings in Pulse and                                   partnerships with SCB and UOB continued in 2022. These strategic
on the platforms of three digital partners, enabling us to acquire                                        partnerships have enabled us to provide solutions to a wide spectrum
more than 91,000 new customers.                                                                           of customer segments, with SCB focusing on the premier face-to-face
                                                                                                          segment and UOB serving its customers through multiple distribution
                                                                                                          models. In addition to SCB and UOB, we have partnerships with




                                                                                                                                                                                                Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                                                          other banks on distribution and direct marketing. We are seeking
                                                                                                          to enhance our bank partnerships particularly in the Syariah space.


       Malaysia
                                                                                                                                Actual exchange rate               Constant exchange rate

                                                                                                                2022                 2021           Change               2021         Change

APE sales ($m)                                                                                                   359                  461            (22)%                434          (17)%
New business profit ($m)                                                                                         159                  232            (31)%                219          (27)%
New business margin (%)                                                                                           44                   50           (6)ppts                50         (6)ppts
Adjusted operating profit ($m)*                                                                                  364                  350               4%                330            10%




                                                                                                                                                                                                Financial statements
IFRS profit after tax ($m)                                                                                       252                  265             (5)%                250             1%

*    Adjusted operating profit and Group IFRS profit after tax are discussed separately in the Financial review section of this Strategic report.

Significant growth prospects remain in the Malaysian insurance                                            strengthen our medical and critical illness offerings had a favourable
market, given the large protection gap and low level of retirement                                        impact on business mix in the second half of the year. Our business
and healthcare provision in both the public and private sectors.                                          profile remains resilient with over 97 per cent of our products being
Insurance penetration is still low, especially in the mass market which                                   regular premium in nature.
is a largely Muslim population33. The population of the country is
34 million28, of which over 60 per cent is Muslim33. The Central Bank of                                  Delivering customer-led solutions




                                                                                                                                                                                                European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Malaysia is actively supporting an increase in access to insurance                                        Our number of customers was 3.0 million in 2022 with 1.5 million from
products for this group through the sponsoring of Takaful market                                          the conventional business and 1.5 million from the Takaful business,
growth34. It has a public target of doubling the number of Malaysians                                     stable year-on-year. We continue to develop new and innovative
insured under Takaful policy certificates by 2026 through providing                                       propositions to address the evolving needs of our customers.
financial incentives for the purchasing of private insurance policies34.                                  For example, we strengthened our health and protection offering
In Malaysia, we are the leading life insurer with 18.9 per cent market                                    by enhancing our core medical investment-linked proposition,
share29, and we have one of the largest agency forces in the industry.                                    which caters for both new and existing customers. We believe that
We are the largest Takaful operator in the market with 22.3 per cent                                      its benefits offering is unique and supports customers’ needs by
market share29 and our Takaful new business sales are 1.4 times                                           providing medical protection that automatically increases in value
greater versus our nearest competitor in this market35.                                                   every year, unlimited room and board and ICU stay, and longer pre
                                                                                                          and post-hospitalisation care. It also rewards customers for staying
New business performance during 2022                                                                      healthy. The benefits are designed to reinforce the importance of
APE sales declined (17) per cent10 due to both the combined impact                                        early intervention and consistent annual preventive care. We also
of Covid-19-related restrictions in the first half of 2022 and the effect                                 provided a one-time offer to all our existing customers to opt-in for
of product repricing in 2021. Excluding the effect of repricing in 2021,                                  pandemic coverage if their existing policy excluded this benefit.
APE sales were marginally lower by 2 per cent10. However, as
restrictions started to ease, sales improved with the second half of                                      We continued to expand our customer base and drive financial




                                                                                                                                                                                                Additional information
2022 delivering APE sales that were 15 per cent10 higher than the first                                   inclusion in the market. Through our partnership with BSN, we have
half of the year.                                                                                         issued over 396,000 BSN Takaful Sakinah health and protection
                                                                                                          certificates. We have also entered a digital partnership with EPF
New business profit was down (27) per cent10 as compared with 2021,                                       i-Lindung to offer under-insured Malaysians further protection
reflecting both lower sales volumes and profit margins, which were                                        coverage that can be funded from their Provident Fund accounts.
adversely impacted by the lower level of agency sales and higher                                          The i-Lindung initiative is aimed at promoting the importance of
interest rates. This overall decline in new business margins lessened                                     financial protection amongst the lower income community without
in the second half of the year, as the launch of protection riders to                                     the burden of upfront cash outlay.

                                                                                                                                           Prudential plc Annual Report 2022     25
Strategic and operating review / continued




Multi-channel distribution                                                                                In the bancassurance segment, our product innovation drove APE
Against a challenging operating backdrop, our agency force                                                sales growth of 17 per cent10. Growth prospects remain strong as we
continued to grow with the workforce increasing 8 per cent over                                           continue to build on our strength in the affluent segment and capture
the period to over 24,300. We continued to attract high-quality                                           opportunities to penetrate the mass market segment across existing
agents, with a retention ratio that is above market levels. In 2022,                                      bank partners, including SCB, UOB and BSN. The merger of UOB and
we recruited over 7,400 new agents. We upgraded our channel                                               Citibank’s operations in Malaysia will provide potential access to an
capabilities with digital tools and leads for effective customer                                          incremental 500,000 customers.
prospecting. We will continue to utilise digitalisation as a key
enabler for customer and business excellence.


       Singapore
                                                                                                                                Actual exchange rate          Constant exchange rate

                                                                                                                2022                 2021           Change         2021           Change

APE sales ($m)                                                                                                   770                  743               4%          724              6%
New business profit ($m)                                                                                         499                  523             (5)%          510            (2)%
New business margin (%)                                                                                           65                   70           (5)ppts          70          (5)ppts
Adjusted operating profit ($m)*                                                                                  678                  663               2%          646              5%
IFRS profit after tax ($m)                                                                                       406                  394               3%          384              6%

*    Adjusted operating profit and Group IFRS profit after tax are discussed separately in the Financial review section of this Strategic report.

As Singaporeans live longer, demand for healthcare will continue                                          New business profit declined by (2) per cent10, with the impact from
to increase – in fact, the overall health protection gap is estimated                                     higher sales volumes more than offset by lower profit margins, mainly
at $23 billion5, being the measure of the shortfall in finances to                                        as a result of adverse economics and also impacted by change in
fund health expenditure. With increasing prosperity, Singapore is                                         product mix.
set to have Asia’s highest number of millionaires by 203036, demand
for wealth management services is high, with life insurance a key                                         Delivering customer-led solutions
part of the suite of products being used for legacy planning and                                          We saw diversified growth across our wide product offerings in 2022
asset diversification.                                                                                    to meet the health and wealth needs of our customers in Singapore.
                                                                                                          APE sales to the high-net-worth segment grew 30 per cent10 driven by
In Singapore, we are one of the market leaders in protection, savings                                     new channels and services, as well as our effort to deliver superior
and investment-linked plans29. We have been serving the financial                                         customer experience. Our enterprise benefit business also delivered
needs of Singapore residents for more than 90 years, delivering                                           good growth with APE sales increasing by 17 per cent10, covering over
a suite of product offerings and professional advice through our                                          3,000 small-to-medium enterprises and over 200,000 employees.
network of more than 5,000 financial consultants and our
bank partners.                                                                                            To meet the specific retirement and investment needs of our
                                                                                                          customers, we have launched PruVantage Wealth, an investment-
In 2022, we continued to drive our segment-led customer strategy                                          linked product offering low fees, simplified charges and a wide range
by further penetrating the high-net-worth segment. In the affluent                                        of professionally managed fund choices including dividend paying
segment, we intend to strengthen our leadership position with                                             funds and hassle-free model portfolio funds. We are offering
comprehensive health and retirement solutions. We leverage                                                innovative plans that integrate both protection and wealth
our Pulse app and market-leading Shield offerings to expand our                                           accumulation for younger customers with affordable premiums
presence in the mass segment. For the younger generation,                                                 of 90 SGD per month for 200,000 SGD life and critical illness cover.
we are reinvigorating our investment-linked propositions for both the
affluent and mass market segments. Finally, we further penetrate the                                      Our claims-based pricing model for the PruShield medical
SME segment through our Business@Pulse platform for the employee                                          reimbursement product enables us to manage our health book
benefit business.                                                                                         sustainably and continue to offer best value for our customers
                                                                                                          without compromising their medical outcomes.
New business performance during 2022
Overall APE sales increased by 6 per cent10 to $770 million, despite the                                  We continue to improve our customer experience, leveraging digital
negative impact of Covid-19-related social movement restrictions on                                       and technology in our day-to-day operations. Three out of four
agency sales in the first half of the year. Reflecting these restrictions,                                policies went through instant underwriting engines, which improve
agency APE sales declined by (11) per cent10 in the first half of the                                     productivity and turnaround time. An AI TalkBot with localised
year compared with the first half of 2021. The easing of these                                            dialect was rolled out in 2022 to address customer queries instantly.
restrictions in the second half contributed to agency APE sales growth                                    In addition, the PRUaccess platform is interfaced with SGFindex
of 15 per cent in the second half of the year, compared with the                                          which enables customers to have a single consolidated view of
equivalent prior year period, resulting in an overall increase in agency                                  financial investments within Singapore so that our customers
APE sales of 3 per cent10 in the year. Demonstrating the benefit of                                       can better plan their financial future. The quality of our customer
our balanced channel and diversified product mix, APE sales in our                                        service is reflected in the form of a high customer retention ratio
bancassurance channel grew by 11 per cent10 in 2022.                                                      of 96 per cent.




26                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                  prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                Group overview




Multi-channel distribution                                                                                In the bancassurance space, with two strategic partners, UOB and
The quality and productivity of our agency force continues to                                             SCB, we are gaining access to more than 1.6 million37 active mobile



                                                                                                                                                                                                Strategic report
improve significantly. The total agency force stood at over 5,000,                                        banking customers and 130,000 small and medium enterprises and
stable when compared with 2021. Top-tier agents grew at pace as                                           commercial banking customers37. We continue to work with the banks
demonstrated by the more than 23 per cent increase in the number                                          in serving their customers and focusing on distinct segments such as
of MDRT qualifiers to over 1,200 in 2022. We are the first and                                            the affluent and high-net-worth. We have also offered digital wealth
only agency force in Singapore, where all agents are subject to                                           solutions on UOB mobile and SCB internet banking platforms. This
the Institute of Banking and Finance (IBF) level 1 qualification.                                         enabled us to connect directly with customers online or get a lead for
Regular premium APE sales in our agency channel remained strong,                                          customers who prefer face-to-face engagements.
and productivity, as measured by APE sales per active agent, rose
2 per cent10, despite the industry headwinds.


Growth markets and other                                                                                                                                                                        Governance

                                                                                                                                Actual exchange rate               Constant exchange rate

                                                                                                                2022                 2021           Change               2021         Change

APE sales ($m)                                                                                                1,611                 1,412              14%              1,323            22%
New business profit ($m)                                                                                        630                   558              13%                526            20%
New business margin (%)                                                                                          39                    40            (1)ppt                40          (1)ppt




                                                                                                                                                                                                Directors’ remuneration report
Adjusted operating profit ($m)*                                                                               1,057                   932              13%                880            20%
IFRS profit after tax ($m)                                                                                      881                   434             103%                406           117%

*    Adjusted operating profit and Group IFRS profit after tax are discussed separately in the Financial review section of this Strategic report.

The Group’s growth markets and other segment incorporates its                                             benefit business. Finally, as part of our integrated model for
businesses in India, Thailand, Vietnam, the Philippines, Taiwan,                                          customers, we have been working in collaboration with our Thai retail
Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, and its businesses in Africa. The Group                                          fund management business to design propositions in the health,
sees the opportunity for rapid growth through the rollout of its                                          wealth, and retirement space, particularly for the high-net-worth and
efficient and scalable business model, and multi-channel distribution                                     affluent segment.
networks, including its digital Pulse platform.
                                                                                                          Vietnam has the third-largest population in ASEAN with a population
India represents a very large opportunity for the Group’s further                                         size of just under 100 million28, a median age of 32 years and a




                                                                                                                                                                                                Financial statements
growth, having a population of 1.4 billion28, low insurance penetration                                   significant health and protection gap estimated at $36 billion5.
and expectation of fast rising GDP per capita. We are a Promoter under                                    The market has undergone rapid urbanisation with less than
Indian Listing rules of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company, being                                    20 per cent38 of the population living in urban areas in 1986,
one of the founding shareholders. We currently have one board seat                                        increasing to 37 per cent38 at the end of 2021 and forecast to
and own 22 per cent of its voting rights. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance                                 increase to 45 per cent by 202539. We are expanding our geographical
Company is amongst the top-three private life insurance companies29                                       footprint in the urban areas through digitally-enabled agency and
in India and is listed on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) and Bombay                                    bancassurance channels. We are second in the market with
Stock Exchange (BSE) in India. It intends to grow its business by                                         15 per cent29 market share, up 2 percentage points from 2021.
deepening penetration of under-served customer segments, enhancing
its distribution footprint and tailoring solutions to the different customer                              The Philippines provides us with an opportunity to serve customers,




                                                                                                                                                                                                European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
needs across savings, protection, and retirement, including developing                                    given the large protection gap and low level of insurance penetration
new propositions for the mass market. ICICI Prudential Life maintains                                     across the country. We are the market leader with 17 per cent29
its aspiration to double its 2019 new business profit by 2023 through                                     market share, based on the latest available market data to
its ‘4P’ framework for Premium growth, Protection focus, Persistency                                      30 September 2022, by weighted new business premium. Our core
improvement and Productivity enhancement.                                                                 strengths in the affluent and mass market segments together with
                                                                                                          our digital capability helped drive a 17 per cent growth in our
Thailand is the second-largest economy in ASEAN with a population                                         customer base to 0.9 million customers.
of over 70 million28 and a well-developed financial services industry.
Our strategy in Thailand is to focus on bancassurance and supported                                       Taiwan is the fifth-largest life insurance market in the world40, with a
by alternative distributions including digital, agency, direct marketing                                  population of 24 million28. Our business has an overall APE market
and brokerage, together with retail asset management offering. We                                         share of 4.4 per cent29, 1.5 percentage points higher than in 2021.
have completed the integration of our bancassurance capabilities                                          Prudential is a leading insurance brand in the market amongst the
with the expanded TMB Thanachart Bank (TTB), including the                                                foreign players29.
training of their staff in our products and propositions. We continue to                                  Africa presents a significant opportunity, with its population expected
focus on delivering the benefits from our bank partnerships with both                                     to double6 by 2050. Since we entered Ghana in 2014, the business
TTB and UOB. As a result, we delivered higher-than-industry-average                                       has delivered double-digit APE sales growth in every year of
APE sales growth, both in the bancassurance channel and for the                                           operation. We are in top-five positions in five of our eight countries




                                                                                                                                                                                                Additional information
industry as a whole in 2022. We have double-digit APE sales growth                                        in Africa, including the number one position in Uganda and Zambia29.
for three consecutive years from 2020 to 2022, and now have an                                            Our business provided health, wealth and protection solutions to
overall market share of 7 per cent29, being sixth in the market29. We                                     990,000 customers across eight countries. Prudential was a sponsor
are also offering relevant digital propositions served via the digital                                    of the 2022 Africa Cup of Nations, the largest football tournament in
apps of our bank partners to bring new health and protection                                              Africa. The matches were viewed by over one billion individuals,
solutions to the underserved mass segment. In addition, we have                                           improving Prudential’s brand awareness throughout the continent.
been working closely with our bank partners to unlock SME
opportunities through our Business@Pulse platform for the employee

                                                                                                                                           Prudential plc Annual Report 2022     27
Strategic and operating review / continued




New business performance during 2022                                           In Thailand, we continued to refresh our product suite to address
In India, APE sales grew 4 per cent10 driven by strong growth in the           the evolving needs of the Thai population’s health and wealth
protection and annuity business. ICICI Prudential’s focus areas of             aspirations. From a low base, we tripled our health reimbursement
annuity and protection, which represent underserved needs of the               sales and our whole-of-life sales through extensive training for the
country, performed well. Over the 9 month period to December                   bank staff, as well as widening health and protection products to
202247 annuity APE sales grew 56 per cent10 and protection APE sales           both individual and group customers. We also promoted protection
growing 23 per cent10, compared with the equivalent period in 2021.            through plans like Easy Care Plus, which offers simplified underwriting
This sales performance enabled ICICI Prudential to maintain its                to our customers. As a result, our health and protection APE sales
top-three position in the private market with a market share of                mix increased from 16 per cent in 2019 to 24 per cent in 2022.
6.3 per cent29. Over the period, new business profit grew 20 per cent10        In addition, we relaunched our flagship 888 savings product, which
reflecting APE sales growth and a favourable product mix.                      is a long-term saving product that also offers protection, and other
                                                                               Legacy Builder products and introduced innovative Index Link
In Thailand, APE sales rose 18 per cent10 through the expansion of             Participating solutions. Our product initiatives have resulted in
bancassurance sales in 2022 and the progressive easing of Covid-19-            17 per cent10 growth in total bancassurance APE sales including
related restrictions. During the year, there was strong appetite for           19 per cent10 growth in protection sales through TTB. Our focus
bundled protection products through the bancassurance channel,                 on customer needs was also reflected in our market-leading net
improving new business profit which was further boosted by the                 promoter score position in the market29 and our 11 per cent increase
impact of higher interest rates.                                               in the number of new customers41 acquired, bringing total customer
In the Philippines, while the effects of Covid-19-related disruptions          numbers to 1.7 million.
hampered sales in the first half of 2022, momentum in the second               In Vietnam, we continued to provide customer segment-led
half was strong, as economic activity began to normalise. Overall APE          propositions by offering affordable protection solutions to the mass
sales were up 14 per cent10 to $182 million. New business profit was           market segment alongside providing savings, education and health
restrained by the change in interest rates during the year, despite the        and protection plans to the middle-income segment, and serving
strong growth in sales volumes.                                                the investment needs of affluent customers. To address the market’s
Vietnam’s economy showed its resilience during the Covid-19                    need for affordable protection solutions, we have launched System
pandemic, being one of the few countries in the world to record two            and Organ Function Insurance (SOFI), which provides simple to
consecutive years of growth. Our Vietnam business continued to                 understand health coverage based on the severity of symptoms and
outperform the market in 2022, delivering a strong APE growth of               organ function of customers. We also have launched PRU-Easy365
26 per cent10 compared with 2021, stronger than the industry APE               offering comprehensive protection benefits against accidental risk
growth of 8 per cent29, underpinned by double-digit growth rates               and three common critical illnesses for customers. More than 2,100
in both bank and agency channels.                                              and 31,100 SOFI and PRU-Easy365 policies respectively have been
                                                                               sold since launch, increasing our penetration into the younger
In Taiwan, APE sales grew 35 per cent10 during 2022 driven by strong           segment of the population.
growth in both bancassurance and brokerage channels, outperforming
the market which reported a contraction of (11) per cent during 2022           In the Philippines, we continue to drive product innovation and
compared with 2021. New business profit rose strongly driven by the            financial inclusion with the launch of PRUHealth FamLove. This is
increase in sales and favourable product mix changes.                          a first-of-its-kind critical illness protection plan for different types
                                                                               of Filipino families and can cover up to four family members in one
In Africa, despite headwinds from inflation and Covid-19, APE sales            policy. The product’s innovative design provides medical cover based
grew by 19 per cent10 year-on-year, with a broad-based performance             on severity of illness, rather than specific diseases.
across all channels, new business profit margin comparable with the
prior year.                                                                    In Taiwan, we provide solutions for long-term savings and protection
                                                                               to our target market segments. We are focusing on addressing the
Delivering customer-led solutions                                              diverse needs of the sandwich generation with unique end-to-end
In India, ICICI Prudential continues to offer products designed to             propositions. Through our H.E.A.R. campaign, we are innovating and
match customers’ need and life stage. A shift in customer preferences          expanding our solution offerings for health and protection products.
and continued investment in product development have culminated                We recognised the growing demand for eye-related treatments as
in award-winning product propositions across the protection,                   people spend more time using electronic devices, particularly as
long-term savings and annuity segments. This has given ICICI                   working from home became more prevalent during the Covid-19
Prudential a well-balanced product mix thereby insulating it from              pandemic. In 2022, we launch the first-in-the-market eye care
volatility. ICICI Prudential introduced a number of significant new            insurance to strengthen the coverage for a broad range of eye-related
products in the year, such as a regular premium annuity plan to                treatments from simple eye care to complicated eye surgery. The
provide flexibility to customers in building retirement savings pools          product was well received and the continued emphasis on health
over the long term. ICICI Prudential also launched a new long-term             and protection led to a 94 per cent increase in sales of such products
participating savings product that enables customers to receive                in 2022.
tax-free guaranteed income or a lump sum maturity. This includes
a savings wallet option to accumulate the income and withdraw                  In Africa, we continue to pursue customer-led insurance initiatives,
the accumulated fund value at any point during the policy term.                with the launch of 12 new products across the region in 2022. We
                                                                               have also introduced end-to-end digital products in three countries.
ICICI Prudential continues to innovate by leveraging new-age digital
technologies to better address customer requirements during the policy         Multi-channel distribution
life cycle – from onboarding, to servicing, to claims processing. With an      In India, ICICI Prudential Life has continued to drive its growth
exponential rise in digital adoption, its technology initiatives have          ambitions by enhancing its multi-channel distribution capability
ensured that it is well positioned. ICICI Prudential will continue to deploy   supported by a diversified product mix. In the agency channel,
best-in-class technology solutions to increase efficiencies and empower        we recruited over 34,700 new agents during the year, bringing the
customers. An example of the benefits of its updated technology                total number of agents to over 204,000. Outside agency, we have
infrastructure and capability is that over 91 per cent of service              over 850 partnerships including 34 banks. Distribution partners
transactions are now done through self-help or the digital mode.               are enabled with digital tools to onboard and serve customers with
                                                                               ease. The onboarding journey is simplified by using collaboration

28                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                    prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                          Group overview




platforms, pre-approved sum assured offers, pre-population of                                               The bancassurance channel continued to record strong growth
application forms from uploaded Know-Your-Customer documents,                                               of 26 per cent10, underpinned by our partnerships with seven



                                                                                                                                                                                          Strategic report
customised offers to customers, and tele and video verification                                             banks with strong operations in urban areas, which combined have
triggers. We have built a state-of-the-art platform enabling ease                                           over 600 branches in Vietnam.
of integration with ecosystems and partners’ systems. Additionally,
we support our partners to build customer onboarding journeys on                                            In the Philippines, our agency channel continued its strong growth
their platform powered by micro services.                                                                   with a 89 per cent growth in recruits. In addition to agency, we
                                                                                                            continued to grow our customer base and promote financial inclusion
In Thailand, the relaxation of Covid-19-related restrictions during the                                     by offering bite-sized products on Pulse and by partnering with banks
second quarter of the year resulted in the reopening of many of the                                         and other digital outlets. Our partners include CIMB, a digital bank
bank outlets of our main distribution partners, TTB and UOB. TTB is                                         with more than 6.5 million43 customers, GCash, the top mobile wallet
one of the largest banks in Thailand with around 600 branches, and                                          provider in the Philippines, and Shopee, the leading online shopping


                                                                                                                                                                                          Governance
UOB has around 150 branches. We continue to engage actively with                                            platform.
our partners at TTB to improve productivity and customer experience,
as well as to extend our reach to the wealth and enterprise benefit                                         In Taiwan, our 35 per cent10 APE sales growth in 2022 was supported
segments. The acquisition of Citibank’s Thailand operations by UOB                                          by strong bancassurance performance. Through strategic and
provides an opportunity to further grow our bancassurance presence                                          non-strategic bancassurance partners and brokers, we continue to
and expand our customer base. Operational integration of the Citi                                           broaden and diversify our distribution network. Today, we reach
outlets started in late 2022 and will continue over the next year.                                          customers through partnerships with more than 20 banks and top
For Group EB, rapid realisation of strategy had made this business                                          brokers in Taiwan, and we continue to digitalise our processes to
grow 49 per cent compared with 2021. Our digital channel also                                               provide seamless services to customers and distributors.




                                                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ remuneration report
achieved a robust result where we attained second position42 in the                                         In Africa, Prudential has a 16,000-strong agency force and is the first
digital market share with APE sales tripling10 during 2022 compared                                         African company to achieve the over 200 MDRT members milestone
with 2021.                                                                                                  in 2022. In addition, Prudential Africa has access to over 1,000 bank
In Vietnam, we continued to focus on quality recruitment                                                    branches, digital, telecommunication and intermediary partnerships.
and training in the agency channel and supporting our agents                                                Our ongoing investment in digital innovation and robust systems to
with access to comprehensive product propositions and digital tools                                         digitise processes will allow us to grow at scale and provide seamless
such as PRUForce and PRULeads. As a result, we have grown our                                               experience to better service our customer needs.
number of MDRT qualifiers by 60 per cent in 2022 to almost 2,000.


Eastspring



                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial statements
                                                                                                                            Actual exchange rate             Constant exchange rate

                                                                                                                     2022       2021          Change               2021         Change

Total funds under management or advice ($bn)                                                                    221.4          258.5           (14)%              251.6          (12)%
Adjusted operating profit ($m)                                                                                   260            314            (17)%               299           (13)%
Fee margin based on operating income (bps)                                                                        29             30             (1)bp               30            (1)bp
Cost/income ratio (%)                                                                                             55             54              1ppt               54             1ppt
IFRS profit after tax ($m)*                                                                                      234            284            (18)%               271           (14)%

*    Group IFRS profit after tax is discussed separately in the Financial review section of this Strategic report.




                                                                                                                                                                                          European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Eastspring is the asset management arm of the Group. Its funds                                              Eastspring sees three key enablers in driving its future success:
under management or advice (referred collectively as funds under
management below) of $221.4 billion includes $30.1 billion that                                             > Driving improved investment performance by leveraging an
represents our 49 per cent share in funds managed by ICICI                                                    integrated investment platform regionally, and through a rigorous
Prudential Asset Management Company (IPAMC) in India and                                                      investment framework;
$9.0 billion that represents our 49 per cent share in funds managed                                         > Expanding its investment capabilities and product range to offer
by CITIC-Prudential Fund Management Company Limited (CPFMC)                                                   competitive solutions for institutional and retail clients globally;
in China. Eastspring has $130.2 billion of funds under management                                             and
on behalf of the Prudential Group.                                                                          > Achieving greater operating efficiency through best-in-class
                                                                                                              infrastructure and systems.
2022 was a challenging year for the asset management industry.
Global bond and equity markets declined sharply, weighed down                                               Financial performance
by concerns around the outlook for growth and fears of recession                                            Eastspring saw a (14) per cent44 decline in its funds under
as inflation spiked and central banks ratcheted up interest rates.                                          management to $221.4 billion in 2022, predominantly due to
This was further compounded by the continuing conflict in eastern                                           market depreciation and foreign exchange translation losses, which
Europe and, in 2022, an uncertain economic outlook in the                                                   collectively totalled $42.1 billion. During 2022, there was a small shift
Chinese Mainland.                                                                                           in overall asset mix from bond to equity funds with an asset mix as at




                                                                                                                                                                                          Additional information
                                                                                                            31 December 2022 being 47 per cent in bonds, 46 per cent equity,
Eastspring’s ambition is to be a leading provider of investment                                             1 per cent in alternatives and 6 per cent in money market funds.
solutions to protect and grow clients’ wealth. Its purpose ‘Experts                                         The firm’s overall assets remain well diversified across both clients
in Asia. Invested in Your Future’ guides the business and reflects                                          and asset classes.
its commitment to help its stakeholders build a better and more
sustainable future.



                                                                                                                                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022     29
Strategic and operating review / continued




The decline in funds under management was cushioned by stable              Enhancing distribution capabilities
and reliable inflows of $7.8 billion from Prudential’s life insurance      While deepening and broadening its relationships with distributors,
businesses but offset by net outflows of $(3.2) billion from third-party   Eastspring has also increased its efforts to improve its distribution
business45. These net outflows were driven primarily by bond funds         capabilities by developing new digital investment and servicing
following interest rate hikes throughout the year, as well as              platforms, particularly in Malaysia and Thailand. In Japan, Eastspring
redemption of equity funds managed on behalf of M&G plc.                   launched online-exclusive funds to capture flows from the younger
                                                                           generation. Eastspring also expanded its partnerships with online
Fee margins reduced by 1 basis point44 as a result of mark-to-market
                                                                           mutual funds and wealth management platforms, for example with
losses of $7.8 million on seed investments made to fund new products.
                                                                           a co-branded fund on iFast’s Fundsupermart.
This reflects the volatile and adverse market conditions of 2022. The
firm’s cost/income ratio declined by 1 percentage point44. Excluding       In July 2022, Eastspring further strengthened its franchise and
these realised and mark-to-market investment losses, Eastspring’s cost/    footprint through the successful incorporation of Eastspring
income ratio improved by 2 percentage points against 2021.                 Thailand, merging TMBAM Eastspring and Thanachart Fund
                                                                           Eastspring. With this merger, Eastspring is now the sixth-largest
Investment performance
                                                                           fund management company in Thailand and is well positioned
Despite the challenging market environment, Eastspring recorded
                                                                           to offer compelling investment solutions to local investors and
solid performance results with 59 per cent of assets under
                                                                           to grow its business in South-east Asia’s second-largest economy.
management outperforming their benchmarks46 over the past year
(2021: 61 per cent) and 39 per cent of assets under management             Accelerating responsible investing
outperforming their benchmarks46 over the past three years                 Eastspring’s commitment to responsible investing is embedded
(2021: 42 per cent). The Singapore-based Value Equity teams posted         across its business.
substantial outperformance over the past year on a funds under
management weighted basis and the Active Quantitative strategies           The firm is focused on driving sustainable solutions on three fronts.
also firmly supported aggregate returns. Although Fixed Income and         First, Eastspring strengthened its engagement on climate change
Growth Equity strategies were under pressure over the year, broadly        and decarbonisation with investee companies, including with the
underperforming benchmarks, sentiment started to turn in the final         top emitters contributing to 65 per cent of absolute carbon emissions
quarter of 2022 following the unexpected easing of Covid-19-related        in Prudential’s asset book. Second, the firm enhanced its ESG data
restrictions in the Chinese Mainland, the Chinese government’s             capabilities to support investment and engagement activities.
support for China’s stressed property market and signs that global         Third, the firm harmonised all Responsible Investment-related
inflation pressures were beginning to ease.                                policies across its markets into a single Eastspring Investments
                                                                           Group Responsible Investment Policy.
To compete in an increasingly dynamic environment and to bring its
deep expertise of Asian markets to clients, Eastspring integrated the      Eastspring provided strong support to the wider Group’s successful
investment capabilities of its wholly-owned businesses onto a single       efforts in meeting its sustainability milestones. At the same time,
platform. This enabled the firm to capitalise on its global execution      Eastspring expanded its range of sustainability-focused funds, for
capabilities and resources more efficiently, providing more cohesive       instance, launching a Japan Sustainable Value Fund. In Indonesia,
and robust data and investment analysis.                                   the business launched the award-winning Reksa Dana Indeks ESG
                                                                           IDX Leaders Plus, the first mutual fund that utilises the Indonesian
Eastspring is proud to be recognised for its achievements, winning         Stock Exchange’s ESG Leaders Index.
numerous industry awards in 2022. Notably, Eastspring Investments
was named the Best Emerging Markets Equity Manager by the                  Joint venture growth initiatives
Citywire Asia Asset Management Awards. At a country level,                 IPAMC continued to enhance its digital strengths and broadened its
Eastspring Singapore was named Top Investment House by The                 product suite across equity and fixed income strategies. As a result,
Asset Benchmark Research Awards, while Eastspring Vietnam was              over 50 per cent of new customers were onboarded directly and
named Best Fund House in Vietnam by Asia Asset Management.                 through partnerships with fintech companies and neobanks, resulting
                                                                           in an existing customer base of circa eight million.
Client excellence
During a year when market headwinds resulted in challenging                CPFMC has deep cooperative relationships with over 40 local
outcomes for both the asset management industry and its clients,           research institutes and provides Qualified Foreign Institutional
Eastspring maintained its client-centric approach and frequently           Investors (QFII) with professional investment advisory services.
engaged internal and external clients to better understand their           Since 2021, it has been building out its pension target funds,
challenges and investment needs. In doing so, it could best meet           which attracted steady net subscriptions from retail investors.
client expectations and provide tailored solutions.
Eastspring continued to strengthen its relationship with the
Prudential Group’s life insurance and corporate asset owners,
including launching customised strategies for local markets.
Across its institutional business, Eastspring continued winning
mandates, and top-ups, from some of the largest pension and
sovereign wealth funds. Notably, the firm has seen good success
in its international markets of the Americas, Europe, and Taiwan
and Malaysia’s Islamic business.




30                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Group overview




Notes                                                                                               26   Our investment portfolio includes both listed equities and corporate bonds, while
1     Source: The Unprecedented Expansion of the Global Middle Class, Global Economy and                 excluding assets held by joint venture businesses and assets in unit-linked funds as
      Development program at the Brookings Institution, February 2017. Forecast growth of                we do not have full authority to change the investment strategies of these.




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Strategic report
      Asia Pacific middle class 2020 to 2030.                                                       27   Whole Group Full Time Equivalent including Chair, all Directors, GEC members, and
2     Source: IMF World Economic Outlook Database, April 2022, compound annual growth                    Senior Managers, excluding joint ventures.
      rates of GDP per capita, 2022-2026.                                                           28   United Nations, Department of Economic and Social Affairs, Population Division, World
3     Source: Swiss Re Institute; Sigma No 3/2021: World insurance – life insurance                      Population Prospects 2022.
      penetration (premiums as a percentage of GDP in 2020).                                        29   Sources: Mainland China (Based on new business standard premiums for 2022 of the
4     Source: World Health Organisation: Global Health Observatory data (2019). South-east               foreign joint ventures only, data from industry sharing of information), Hong Kong
      Asia, Out-of-pocket expenditure as percentage of current health expenditure (CHE).                 (Based on PHKL APE for 2022, from Hong Kong Insurance Authority), Indonesia (Based
5     Source: Swiss Re Institute: The health protection gap in Asia, October 2018.                       on weighted new premiums for 2022, preliminary results from Indonesian Life Insurance
6     Source: The Economist, Special report, 28 March 2020 edition.                                      Association), Malaysia (On combined basis where Takaful is on 100%. Based on new
7     Greater China comprises of our businesses in the Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong and                   business APE for 2022, data from Life Insurance Association of Malaysia for
      Taiwan.                                                                                            Conventional Business and Insurance Service Malaysia for Takaful business), Singapore



                                                                                                                                                                                                      Governance
8     South-east Asia comprises of our businesses in Asia excluding the Chinese Mainland,                (Based on weighted new business premiums reported within Singapore Life Insurance
      Hong Kong, Taiwan and India.                                                                       Association returns for 2022), India (Based on retail weighted premium for the calendar
9     APE sales is a measure of new business activity that comprises the aggregate of                    year 2022 of private insurers operating in India, from the Life Insurance Council), Taiwan
      annualised regular premiums and one-tenth of single premiums on new business written               (Based on full year 2022 APE of foreign insurers, data from Taiwan Insurance Institute),
      during the year for all insurance products, including premiums for contracts designated            Vietnam (Based on full year 2022 APE data collected from data sharing by Vietnam
      as investment contracts under IFRS 4. It is not representative of premium income                   Actuarial Network), Laos (Based on gross written premiums for 2021, from Axco
      recorded in the IFRS financial results. See note II of the Additional unaudited financial          Insurance Market Report), the Philippines (Based on weighted first year premiums for the
      information for further explanation.                                                               first nine months in 2022, data from Insurance Commission), Cambodia (Based on full
10    On a constant exchange rate basis.                                                                 year 2022 adjusted APE, from Insurance Association of Cambodia), Thailand (Based on
11    New business profit, on a post-tax basis, on business sold in the period, calculated in            weighted new business premium for 2022, from The Thai Life Assurance Association),
      accordance with EEV Principles.                                                                    Myanmar (Based on APE for the first nine months in 2022 for the foreign insurers
12    ‘Adjusted operating profit’ refers to adjusted IFRS operating profit based on longer-term          operating in Myanmar, from Myanmar Insurance Association).




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Directors’ remuneration report
      investment returns from continuing operations. This alternative performance measure is        30   Virtual sales are sales that are closed via Digital, Cloud and Electronic Signature.
      reconciled to IFRS profit for the period in note B1.1 of the IFRS financial results.          31   Source: based on APE sales from Hong Kong Insurance Authority for 2022.
13    Excluding restructuring and IFRS 17 implementation costs.                                     32   Source: based on GDP data sourced from the World Bank and www.bayarea.gov.hk
14    Excluding India, Laos, Myanmar and Africa.                                                         websites.
15    A life customer is defined as an individual or entity who holds one or more policies with a   33   Source: World Population Review – Country Rankings – Muslim population by country.
      Prudential life insurance entity, including 100 per cent of customers of the Group’s joint    34   Source: Bank Negara Malaysia, Financial Sector Blueprint 2022-2026.
      ventures and associate. Group business is considered to be a single customer for the          35   Source: Based on APE sales from the Insurance services Malaysia (ISM) for the Takaful
      purpose of this definition. The customer numbers for 2021 have been restated to ensure             business at 100 per cent.
      consistent and comparable application of this definition across all Group entities.           36   Source: UNU-WIDER, World Income Inequality Database (WIID), World Bank, IMF,
16    New policies are presented on a 100 per cent basis.                                                United Nations Population Division, HSBC forecasts.
17    Excluding Africa.                                                                             37   The number of customers is based on Prudential Singapore’s internal estimates.
18    Core markets consist of the Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Singapore,                38   Source: Based on data from the World Bank organisation: Urban population (% of total
      Malaysia, Vietnam and the Philippines.                                                             population).
19    Productivity measured by APE sales per average active agent.                                  39   Source: Central Committee Vietnamese Communist Party, Resolution Number 06-NQ/
20    Percentage of APE sales in Asia markets, including CPL, India and Malaysia Takaful on a            TW on planning, construction, management, and sustainable development of urban




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial statements
      100 per cent basis.                                                                                areas in Vietnam until 2030, with a vision toward 2045, 24 January 2022.
21    APE sales completed by agents on leads recorded and managed on our PruLeads System            40   Source: Global data report, Taiwan (Province of China) Life Insurance Market Size, Trends
      as a percentage of total APE new business sales through the agency channel.                        by Line of Business (General Annuity and Personal, Accident and Health), Distribution
22    Leads from all sources recorded and managed on our PruLeads System.                                Channel, Competitive Landscape and Forecast, 2021-2026, November 2022.
23    The Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore, South          41   New customers defined as the sum newly joined customers and newly joined who were
      Korea, Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam.                                                               lost but reinstated.
24    Sources: Chinese Mainland: based on new business single premiums from the CBIRC for           42   Source: The Thai Life Assurance Association’s Life Insurance Business Report, data as
      foreign joint ventures only; Hong Kong: based on total in-force premiums; Indonesia:               of November 2022 year-to-date.
      based on weighted new business premiums from the PLAI; Malaysia combined: based               43   CIMB Philippines number of customers as at 31 December 2022 based on the full year
      on APE sales from the Life Insurance Association of Malaysia; Singapore: based                     2022 results.
      on weighted new business premium for regular premium from the Life Insurance                  44   On an actual exchange rate basis.
      Association of Singapore; India: based on retail weighted premium income among                45   Including money market funds and funds managed on behalf of M&G plc.




                                                                                                                                                                                                      European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
      foreign players from the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India;             46   The value of assets under management at 31 December 2022 in funds which
      Vietnam: based on APE sales from the Vietnam Actuarial Network data sharing; Taiwan:               outperform their performance benchmark as a percentage of total assets under
      based on APE sales from the Taiwan Life Insurance Association for foreign insurers;                management at 31 December 2022, excluding assets in funds with no performance
      Thailand: based on weighted new business premiums from the Thailand Life Assurance                 benchmark.
      Association for the first 11 months of 2022; Philippines: based on weighted full-year         47   ICICI Prudential financial year runs from 1 April to 31 March each year.
      premiums from the Insurance Commission for the first 9 months of 2022; Cambodia:              48   Based on Prudential Hong Kong Limited’s APE for the discrete fourth quarter of 2022
      based on APE sales.                                                                                from Hong Kong Insurance Authority.
25    Full year 2022 total funds under management or advice, including external funds under
      management, money market funds, funds managed on behalf of M&G plc and internal
      funds under management or advice, reported based on the country where the funds are
      managed, including joint ventures.




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Additional information




                                                                                                                                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022               31
Key performance indicators




Measuring our performance
To create sustainable economic value for our shareholders we focus
on delivering sustainable compounding growth while generating capital
to reinvest in our businesses and meet our financing needs. We focus
on the following metrics when looking at our performance1.

                                                                                                                  All amounts are from continuing operations only


EEV new business profit2 $m                                                                                                                         (14)%

Life insurance products are, by their nature, long        EEV new business profit decreased by (11) per cent       2,526
term and generate profit over a number of years.          on a constant exchange rate basis to $2,184 million
                                                                                                                                            2,184
Embedded value reporting provides investors with          ((14) per cent on an actual exchange rate basis)
a measure of the future profit streams of the Group.      with the impact of higher APE sales offset by higher
EEV new business profit reflects the value of future      interest rates and business mix effects.
profit streams which are not fully captured in the year
of sale under IFRS reporting.




                                                                                                                   2021 $m                  2022 $m


Carbon emissions
As a significant asset manager and asset owner,           The weighted average capital intensity (WACI) of our
Prudential has a distinctive role to play in the          investment portfolio has declined by 43 per cent4
transition to a low-carbon economy. Reflecting the        compared with our 2019 baseline. The WACI of our          2019 WACI                386
stage of their development, the economies in which        portfolio changes due to movements in the carbon
we operate tend to start their transition from a higher   intensity of the invested companies, movements in
carbon intensity level. Prudential therefore seeks a      market prices and our own actions to change their
transition to a lower-carbon economy that is inclusive    weight in our investment portfolio (through strategic
for all of society and one that supports sustainable      asset allocation, portfolio construction and                                       219
                                                                                                                    2022 WACI
growth within our markets. Our immediate actions          investment selection). The decline to date has been
to help deliver on this objective include a target to     driven largely by the implementation of our coal
reduce the carbon emissions of our portfolio3 of          policy and the implementation of WACI budgets to a
shareholder and policyholder assets by 25 per cent        number of our equity strategies. However, we believe
by 2025.                                                  more real-world impact can be achieved through           2025 Target
                                                                                                                         WACI
                                                                                                                                             290
                                                          financing the transition and engagement, rather
                                                          than simply changing the portfolio to optimise our
                                                          carbon footprint. Therefore, we do not anticipate
                                                          that the trend will continue at the same pace going
                                                          forward.


EEV shareholders’ equity5 $bn                                                                                          1,725 equity
                                                                                                                        per share
                                                                                                                                                1,534 equity
                                                                                                                                                  per share

EEV represents the present value of the shareholders’     EEV shareholders’ equity for continuing                                                   (11)%
interest in the post-tax future profits (on a local       operations decreased (11) per cent to $42.2 billion,
statutory basis) expected to arise from the current       largely reflecting the adverse impacts from higher       47.4
book of long-term business, after sufficient              interest rates.                                                                   42.2
allowance has been made for the aggregate risks
in the business. Asset management and other
                                                                                                                                                    (11)%
non-insurance business are included in EEV at                                                                                                       decline
the Group’s proportionate share of IFRS basis                                                                                                      per share
shareholders’ equity, with central Group debt shown
on a market value basis.




                                                                                                                   2021 $bn                 2022 $bn




32                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                              prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Group overview




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Strategic report




                                                                                                                                            All amounts are from continuing operations only                  Governance


Free surplus generation from insurance and asset                                                                                                                                       6%
management businesses6 $m                                                                                                                                                    2,193
                                                                                                                                               2,071
Free surplus generation from insurance and asset                    Free surplus generation from continuing insurance
management businesses is used to measure the                        and asset management operations before




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Directors’ remuneration report
internal cash generation of our businesses.                         restructuring costs was up 9 per cent on a constant
For insurance operations, it represents amounts                     exchange rate basis to $2,193 million (6 per cent on
emerging from the in-force business during the year,                an actual exchange rate basis). Net Group operating
net of amounts reinvested in writing new business                   free surplus generation, after restructuring and
and excludes other non-operating items. For asset                   central costs, was $1,374 million (2021: $1,135 million
management, it equates to post-tax adjusted                         on a constant exchange rate basis, $1,179 million on
operating profit for the year.                                      an actual exchange rate basis).

                                                                                                                                               2021 $m                       2022 $m


Adjusted IFRS operating profit based on longer-term
investment returns (adjusted operating profit7) $m                                                                                                                                     4%




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Financial statements
                                                                                                                                               3,233                         3,375
The Group’s business involves entering into                         Adjusted operating profit increased by 8 per cent
long-term contracts with customers, and hence                       on a constant exchange rate basis to $3,375 million
the Group manages its associated assets and                         (4 per cent on an actual exchange rate basis),
liabilities over a longer-term time horizon. This                   reflecting a 6 per cent increase in adjusted operating
enables the Group to manage a degree of short-term                  profit on a constant exchange rate basis (2 per cent
market volatility. Therefore, adjusted operating                    on an actual exchange rate basis) from insurance
profit based on longer-term investment returns is                   and asset management business, and a 26 per cent
management’s preferred measure when evaluating                      improvement in central other income and
the performance of the business. Other distorting                   expenditure on a constant exchange rate basis




                                                                                                                                                                                                             European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
items are excluded from adjusted operating profit                   (28 per cent on an actual exchange rate basis), offset
to allow more relevant period-on-period comparisons                 by an increase in restructuring and IFRS 17 costs.
of the trading operations of the Group, (eg the effects                                                                                        2021 $m                       2022 $m
of corporate transactions are excluded).




Notes
1     The comparative results shown above have been prepared using an actual exchange rate (AER) basis except where otherwise stated. Comparative results on a constant exchange rate (CER) basis
      are also shown in financial tables in the Financial Review on our 2022 financial performance. Growth rates for 2021 to 2022 are on an AER basis.
2     New business profit, on a post-tax basis, on business sold in the year, calculated in accordance with EEV principles.
3     Our investment portfolio includes both listed equities and corporate bonds, while excluding assets held by joint venture and associate businesses, and assets in unit-linked funds as we do not have




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Additional information
      full authority to change the investment strategies of these.
4     Within the scope of EY assurance, see page 102.
5     The EEV financial results have been prepared in accordance with EEV principles discussed in ‘basis of preparation’ of the EEV financial results. See note II of Additional unaudited financial
      information for definition and reconciliation to IFRS balances.
6     Operating free surplus generated from insurance and asset management operations before restructuring costs. For insurance operations, operating free surplus generated represents amounts
      emerging from the in-force business during the period net of amounts reinvested in writing new business and excludes non-operating items. For asset management businesses, it equates
      to post‑tax operating profit for the period. Restructuring costs are presented separately from the business amount. Further information is set out in ‘Movement in Group free surplus’ in the
      EEV basis results.
7     ‘Adjusted operating profit’ refers to adjusted IFRS operating profit based on longer-term investment returns from continuing operations. This alternative performance measure is reconciled
      to IFRS profit for the period in note B1.1 of the IFRS financial results.


                                                                                                                                         Prudential plc Annual Report 2022               33
Financial review




     Delivering growth across many
     key performance measures




34         Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                      Group overview




The Group delivered a resilient financial performance for the year        Group EEV operating profit increased by 15 per cent4 to $3,952 million
against a backdrop of Covid-19-related disruption during the first half   largely due to 13 per cent4 growth in operating returns from the



                                                                                                                                                      Strategic report
of 2022 in many of our markets and the broader macroeconomic              long-term business. This reflects the higher expected return from
and geopolitical volatility, discussed further below. The diversity of    underlying business growth and higher interest rates, partially offset
our business in terms of its geography, its multi-channel distribution    by lower new business profit and a lower benefit from assumption
and its customer-centric product suite positions us well to take          changes than was seen in the prior year. Operating return on
advantage of the long-term opportunities as our markets recover           embedded value8 was 9 per cent compared with 8 per cent in 2021.
from the effects of Covid-19.                                             After allowing for economic effects, such as changes in interest rates,
                                                                          currency movements and the payment of the external dividend,
The Group’s 2022 financial performance saw us deliver growth across       the Group’s embedded value at 31 December 2022 was $42.2 billion
many of our key performance measures, with APE sales1, operating          (31 December 2021: $47.4 billion9), equivalent to 1,534 cents per
free surplus generated2, EEV operating profit and IFRS adjusted           share (31 December 2021: 1,725 cents per share9). The operating free

                                                                                                                                                      Governance
operating profit3 all higher than the prior year4. Although our new       surplus generated from insurance and asset management business
business profit generation5 of $2.2 billion was lower, this largely       (after investment in new business) during the year was $2,193 million,
reflected the impact of economic effects under our EEV framework,         up 9 per cent4, reflecting the underlying in-force business growth and
notably in Hong Kong. Our markets outside of Hong Kong delivered          the positive effect of interest rate rises.
combined new business profit growth of 5 per cent4. IFRS profit
for the year was also negatively impacted by the increases in             Group adjusted operating profit was up 8 per cent4 to $3,375 million,
interest rates and decreases in equity market values in the year,         reflecting a 6 per cent4 increase in operating profit from the insurance
as further discussed below and in the section headed IFRS basis           and asset management business and an improvement in central
non-operating items.                                                      costs of 26 per cent4 reflecting lower interest costs. Adjusted




                                                                                                                                                      Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                          operating profit from our long-term business was up 7 per cent4 to
2022 saw considerable macroeconomic volatility, characterised             $3,846 million despite the Covid-19-related headwinds seen over the
in many markets by lower equity index levels, material increases          last few years. The Group has completed its programme to deliver a
in government bond yields and widening corporate bond spreads.            targeted reduction in central operating expenses of $70 million10
The MSCI Asia excluding Japan equity index fell (24) per cent,            a year from the start of 2023 which, combined with previously
the Hang Seng index fell by (15) per cent and the CSI 300 index           completed savings, represents delivery of central cost reduction
fell by (22) per cent while the S&P 500 index fell by (19) per cent.      programmes since 2018 that in total have saved $250 million11 a year.
Government bond yields in many of our markets ended the year              The Group’s total IFRS profit after tax from continuing operations was
higher with the US 10-year yield increasing by 236 basis points           $1,007 million (2021: profit of $2,143 million on a constant exchange
to 3.9 per cent. As well as their impact on IFRS profit for the year,     rate basis and $2,214 million on an actual exchange rate basis),
lower associated asset values and consequent impact on fee                reflecting negative short-term fluctuations from higher interest rates
generating account balances, together with the impact of higher           and lower equity markets during the year. These negative effects
discount rates under our active EEV methodology, contributed to a         were offset in part by the benefit from refinements to the reserving




                                                                                                                                                      Financial statements
fall in our embedded value in the year.                                   basis following the adoption of the Hong Kong Risk-Based Capital
The year also saw the US dollar increase in value relative to many        regime (HK RBC) for which we received approval from the regulator in
currencies globally, resulting in a translation headwind. As in           April 2022, effective from 1 January 2022. The IFRS reserving basis
previous years, we comment on our performance in local currency           for Hong Kong was refined to reflect the measurement techniques
terms (expressed on a constant exchange rate basis) to show               applied within HK RBC, leading to a reduction in policyholder liabilities
the underlying business trends in periods of currency movement,           (net of reinsurance) and an increase in profit before tax of
unless otherwise noted.                                                   $945 million9. This was allocated between operating and non-
                                                                          operating profit in line with the Group’s usual principles.
In 2022, the Group reported a 9 per cent4 increase in APE sales
to $4,393 million while new business profit was (11) per cent4 lower      Our Group’s regulatory capital position, free surplus and central




                                                                                                                                                      European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
at $2,184 million. This encouraging APE sales performance, despite        liquidity positions remain robust. The Group’s leverage remains near
Covid-19-related disruption during the first half of the year, reflects   the bottom of our target range at 20 per cent, estimated on
the benefit of our diversification across geography, channel and          a Moody’s basis, after allowing for the redemption of a £300 million
products. APE sales were broadly balanced between Greater China6          senior bond in January 2023. As a result, supported by a clear and
and South-east7 Asia across our four main product groups, with an         disciplined capital allocation policy, the Group is well positioned,
emphasis on health and protection, and across distribution channels       with considerable financial flexibility including leverage capacity,
with our bancassurance channel providing notable resilience in            to take advantage of the growth opportunities ahead.
periods of disruption for our agency salesforce. Given the active basis
of our EEV methodology, rising interest rates led to both higher risk
discount rates and higher assumed fund earned rates being applied.
As a consequence, there was an overall negative impact on EEV new
business margins in many markets, particularly in Hong Kong which
led to a reduction in new business profit in the year to $2.2 billion
(2021: $2.4 billion4). Agency distribution and health and protection
products remain our most important value drivers.




                                                                                                                                                      Additional information




                                                                                                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   35
Financial review / continued




The Group aligns its capital adequacy requirements with the                    With effect from 1 January 2023, IFRS 17, the new accounting
established EEV and free surplus framework by comparing the total              standard for insurance contracts that replaces IFRS 4, becomes
eligible Group capital resources with the Group’s Prescribed Capital           effective and the Group’s IFRS reporting will be prepared on this basis
Requirement (GPCR) and this is explained further in the capital                from half year 2023. While this is an important step for the Group and
management section below. At 31 December 2022, the estimated                   the wider insurance industry, this new accounting framework has no
shareholder surplus above the GPCR was $15.6 billion12 (31 December            impact on the Group’s capital generation or management, operating
2021: $17.5 billion9) and cover ratio 307 per cent13 (31 December              free surplus generation, business strategy, EEV basis results or
2021: 320 per cent9). The surplus reduced due to adverse market                dividend policy. Similarly, the new IFRS 17 framework has no impact
movements in the year, reducing available capital more than the                on the total level of profit generated over the life of the policy, but it
reduction in capital requirements.                                             does change the timing of profit recognition. Upon transition from
                                                                               our IFRS 4 grandfathered local GAAP measures to IFRS 17, we expect
During the year, the Group adopted both HK RBC for the Hong Kong               an increase in opening shareholders’ equity of between $1.8 billion
business and the China Risk Oriented Solvency System Phase II                  and $2.7 billion from the $17.1 billion dollars recorded under IFRS 4 at
(C-ROSS II) requirements in the Chinese Mainland with an                       31 December 2021. This reflects the release of prudent margins from
improvement to the shareholder GWS capital surplus of total                    our legacy accounting basis, particularly in Hong Kong, recognition of
eligible group capital resources over the Group Minimum Capital                the shareholders’ share of the inherited estate within the with-profit
Requirement (GMCR) at 1 January 2022 by $9.3 billion14, increasing             funds and the net impact of timing differences in the pattern of profit
the coverage ratio15 from 408 per cent to 545 per cent (after allowing         recognition. We have yet to complete the production of our half-year
for the debt redemption in January 2022). The GWS coverage ratio at            and full-year 2022 comparatives using the IFRS 17 accounting
1 January 2022 measured on GPCR basis after the regulatory                     standard but we estimate that the net impact of timing differences
changes was 320 per cent. The Group’s free surplus increased by                between the two accounting bases will decrease the adjusted IFRS 17
$1.4 billion as a result of the change on 1 January 2022. This is less         operating profit for 2022 by between $650 million and $850 million
than the increase in GWS surplus as free surplus excludes regulatory           compared with IFRS 4. The remaining uncertainty in the estimated
surplus and the HK RBC technical provisions for GWS are lower than             impact will be addressed once full-year IFRS 17 results have been
policyholder asset shares or cash surrender floors, to reflect more            completed on the end state systems. Further disclosure of the impact
realistically the surplus which can be remitted. The effect of the HK          on 2022 results will be provided in June 2023.
RBC implementation increased EEV by $0.2 billion.


IFRS profit

                                                                                                   Actual exchange rate          Constant exchange rate

                                                                                      2022 $m       2021 $m      Change %          2021 $m      Change %

Adjusted operating profit based on longer-term investment returns
   before tax from continuing operations
CPL                                                                                       368           343                 7          329             12
Hong Kong                                                                               1,036           975                 6          969              7
Indonesia                                                                                 343           446               (23)         429            (20)
Malaysia                                                                                  364           350                 4          330             10
Singapore                                                                                 678           663                 2          646              5
Growth markets and other                                                                1,057           932                13          880             20
Long-term business adjusted operating profit                                            3,846         3,709                 4        3,583              7
Asset management                                                                          260           314               (17)         299            (13)
Total segment profit from continuing operations                                         4,106         4,023                2         3,882                6
Net investment income and other items                                                      39            21               86            21                86
Interest payable on core structural borrowings                                           (200)         (328)              39          (328)               39
Corporate expenditure                                                                    (276)         (298)               7          (280)                1
Other income and expenditure                                                             (437)         (605)              28          (587)               26
Total adjusted operating profit before tax and restructuring and IFRS 17
  implementation costs                                                                  3,669         3,418                 7        3,295             11
Restructuring and IFRS 17 implementation costs                                           (294)         (185)              (59)        (178)           (65)
Total adjusted operating profit before tax                                              3,375         3,233                4         3,117                8
Non-operating items:
Short-term fluctuations in investment returns on shareholder-backed business           (1,915)         (458)          (318)           (435)          (340)
Amortisation of acquisition accounting adjustments                                        (10)           (5)          (100)             (5)          (100)
Profit (loss) attaching to corporate transactions                                          11           (94)           n/a             (91)           n/a
Profit from continuing operations before tax attributable to shareholders               1,461         2,676               (45)       2,586            (44)
Tax charge attributable to shareholders’ returns                                         (454)         (462)               2          (443)               (2)
Profit from continuing operations for the year                                          1,007         2,214               (55)       2,143            (53)
Loss from discontinued operations for the year, net of related tax                          –        (5,027)              n/a       (5,027)           n/a
Profit (loss) for the year                                                              1,007        (2,813)              n/a       (2,884)            n/a




36                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                      prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                          Group overview




IFRS earnings per share
							



                                                                                                                                                          Strategic report
                                                                                              Actual exchange rate           Constant exchange rate

                                                                                2022 cents    2021 cents     Change %        2021 cents     Change %

Basic earnings per share based on adjusted operating profit after tax
  from continuing operations                                                        100.5        101.5                (1)          97.7               3

Basic earnings per share based on:
  Total profit after tax from continuing operations                                  36.5          83.4              (56)          80.6           (55)
  Total loss after tax from discontinued operations                                     –        (161.1)             n/a         (161.2)          n/a



Segment profit from continuing insurance and asset management              In Malaysia, adjusted operating profit registered growth of                    Governance
business increased by 6 per cent4 to $4,106 million despite a              10 per cent4 to $364 million supported by the growth of our in-force
challenging environment over recent periods. All our major long-term       business with shareholder-backed renewal premiums increasing
business segments, other than Indonesia, delivered growth,                 by 8 per cent4.
demonstrating the resilient and diversified nature of our business.
The 7 per cent4 growth in the adjusted operating profit of our             In Singapore, adjusted operating profit increased by 5 per cent4 to
long-term business was partially offset by a decline in Eastspring’s       $678 million, reflecting the continued growth of our in-force business
adjusted operating profit following adverse market movements and           with shareholder-backed renewal premiums rising 9 per cent4




                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ remuneration report
seed capital losses over the year. After allowing for a 26 per cent4       alongside higher profits from our with-profits business, offset in part
reduction in central expenditure and higher restructuring and IFRS 17      by the impact on revenue from adverse market movements.
implementation costs, total adjusted operating profit before tax           The businesses comprising our Growth markets and other segment
increased to $3,375 million, an 8 per cent4 increase compared with         generated adjusted operating profit of $1,057 million, up 20 per cent4.
2021.                                                                      This includes other items of $211 million (2021: $217 million on an
CPL, our joint venture business in the Chinese Mainland, delivered         actual exchange rate basis and $208 million on a constant exchange
a 12 per cent4 increase in adjusted operating profit to $368 million       rate basis) which in 2022 comprised largely the impact of the
reflecting growth in the underlying in-force portfolio from higher sales   adoption of the HK RBC (as discussed further in note C3.2 of the
volumes in recent years and improved operating experience during           IFRS financial results). The adjusted operating profit for the Growth
the year.                                                                  markets (excluding other items) increased by 26 per cent4 to
                                                                           $846 million, driven by Thailand and India. Thailand achieved
In Hong Kong, our adjusted operating profit increased by 7 per cent4       24 per cent4 growth in adjusted operating profit following growth in




                                                                                                                                                          Financial statements
to $1,036 million benefiting from the accumulating nature of the           new business over recent years as we upscaled the business through
asset shares underpinning our flagship critical illness product, higher    our bank partnerships with TMB Thanachart Bank (TTB) and United
levels of profits from our with-profits business given the ageing of       Overseas Bank (UOB), while India saw improved claims experience
certain cohorts, and the impact from changes to underlying product         in the period, following the spike in Covid-19 cases seen in 202116.
profit profiles as a result of the adoption of the risk-based capital
regime previously discussed.
In Indonesia, adjusted operating profit reduced by (20) per cent4
to $343 million reflecting lower new business sales in recent years,
lower fee income from unit-linked business due to adverse market




                                                                                                                                                          European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
movements and higher medical claims levels, specifically in the
second half of the year, as the country emerged from the restrictions
of the pandemic and policyholders felt more comfortable in
undertaking usual medical activity.




                                                                                                                                                          Additional information




                                                                                                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022       37
Financial review / continued




Long-term insurance business adjusted operating profit drivers
Profit margin analysis of long-term insurance continuing operations17

                                                                                               Actual exchange rate       Constant exchange rate

                                                                            2022                      2021                        2021

                                                                                    Margin                      Margin                      Margin
                                                                           $m          bps           $m            bps           $m            bps

Spread income                                                             307          72           312            66           299             65
Fee income                                                                331         102           345           103           329            103
With-profits                                                              160          20           135            16           133             16
Insurance margin                                                        3,219                     2,897                       2,795
Other income                                                            3,429                     3,239                       3,105
Total life insurance income                                             7,446                     6,928                       6,661
Expenses:
  Acquisition costs                                                     (2,346)     (53)%        (2,085)        (50)%        (2,000)         (50)%
  Administration expenses                                               (1,732)      (230)       (1,656)         (205)       (1,581)          (201)
  DAC adjustments                                                          554                      566                         545
Share of related tax charges from joint ventures and associates            (76)                     (44)                        (42)
Long-term business pre-tax adjusted operating profit                    3,846                     3,709                       3,583


Long-term business adjusted operating profit grew 7 per cent4               With-profits earnings relate to the shareholders’ share in bonuses
to $3,846 million (2021: $3,583 million4), driven principally by            declared to policyholders. As these bonuses are typically weighted
15 per cent4 growth in insurance margin-related revenues. This              towards the end of a contract, under IFRS, with-profit earnings
increase arises both from the growth of our business in the current         consequently emerge only gradually over time. The 20 per cent4
and recent years, supported by our focus on recurring premium               growth in with-profits earnings reflects the ongoing growth and
health and protection products, and from the adoption of HK RBC             aging of certain cohorts within these portfolios.
in the year. While medical claims have begun to normalise (and
increase) as people return to usual claim patterns post the pandemic,       Other income primarily represents amounts deducted from
this has been balanced by a fall in mortality claims in the year.           premiums to cover acquisition costs and administration expenses.
                                                                            As such, the growth of 10 per cent4 from 2021 largely reflects
Fee income increased by 1 per cent4, reflecting premium                     premium growth in the year for our shareholder-backed business.
contributions largely offset by unfavourable market movements,              Acquisition costs increased in the year, driven by higher APE sales
while spread income increased by 3 per cent4, reflecting in-force           as compared with the prior year. Administration expenses, including
business growth with the improvement in margin primarily driven by          renewal commissions, increased by 10 per cent4, reflecting in-force
the impact of rising interest rates.                                        business growth and sales and premium tax-related provisions.
                                                                            Both acquisition costs and administration expenses reflect our
                                                                            continued investment in the business to enhance and maintain
                                                                            our capabilities for future growth.




38                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                             Group overview




Asset management




                                                                                                                                                             Strategic report
                                                                                               Actual exchange rate           Constant exchange rate

                                                                                   2022 $m      2021 $m       Change %          2021 $m      Change %

External funds under management* ($bn)                                                81.9          94.0              (13)          87.5            (6)
Funds managed on behalf of M&G plc ($bn)                                               9.3          11.5              (19)          11.6           (20)
External funds under management ($bn)                                                 91.2        105.5               (14)          99.1               (8)

Internal funds under management ($bn)                                                104.1        124.2               (16)        123.6            (16)
Internal funds under advice ($bn)                                                     26.1         28.8                (9)         28.9            (10)



                                                                                                                                                             Governance
Total internal funds under management or advice ($bn)                                130.2        153.0               (15)        152.5            (15)

Total funds under management or advice ($bn)                                         221.4        258.5               (14)        251.6            (12)


Total external net flows*,18                                                        (1,586)         613               n/a           765            n/a

Analysis of adjusted operating profit
Retail operating income                                                               392           449               (13)          424                (8)




                                                                                                                                                             Directors’ remuneration report
Institutional operating income                                                        268           298               (10)          289                (7)
Operating income before performance-related fees                                      660           747               (12)          713             (7)
Performance-related fees                                                                1            15               (93)           15            (93)
Operating income (net of commission)                                                   661          762               (13)           728               (9)
Operating expense                                                                     (360)        (403)               11           (387)               7
Group’s share of tax on joint ventures’ adjusted operating profit                      (41)         (45)                9            (42)               2
Adjusted operating profit                                                             260           314               (17)          299            (13)
Adjusted operating profit after tax                                                   234           284               (18)          271            (14)


Average funds under management or advice by Eastspring                           $229.4bn      $251.7bn           (9)%        $240.9bn           (5)%




                                                                                                                                                             Financial statements
Fee margin based on operating income                                                29bps         30bps          (1)bp           30bps          (1)bp
Cost/income ratio19                                                                  55%           54%           +1ppt            54%           +1ppt

*    Excluding funds managed on behalf of M&G plc.


Eastspring, the Group’s asset management business, had total funds          Other income and expenditure
under management or advice20 of $221.4 billion at 31 December               Central costs (before restructuring and IFRS 17 implementation
2022 (31 December 2021: $251.6 billion on a constant exchange rate          costs) were 26 per cent4 lower than the prior period reflecting the
basis). Compared with 2021, Eastspring’s average funds under                benefit of the debt reduction programme completed in January




                                                                                                                                                             European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
management or advice decreased by (5) per cent4 to $229.4 billion           2022. Interest payable on core structural borrowings reduced
(2021: $240.9 billion4), reflecting adverse market movements during         by $128 million compared with 2021. Total head office expenditure
the year, partially offset by net inflows.                                  was $(276) million (2021: $(280) million4) and the Group has
                                                                            completed its programme to deliver a targeted reduction in central
We saw total net inflows of $4.5 billion over 2022 (2021: $5.8 billion4)    operating expenses of around $70 million10 of cost savings from
which included internal net inflows from our insurance businesses           2023. Net investment income and other items for the year was
totalling $7.8 billion (2021: $10.4 billion4). These flows were partially   $39 million (2021: $21 million4).
offset by third-party outflows (excluding money market funds and
funds managed on behalf of M&G plc) of $(1.6) billion (2021: net            Restructuring costs of $(294) million (2021: $(178) million4) reflect
inflows of $0.8 billion4), primarily from our bond funds in the retail      the Group’s substantial and ongoing IFRS 17 project, and one-off
business following increases in interest rates throughout the year, and     costs associated with cost saving, regulatory and other initiatives
$(0.8) billion (2021: $(3.9) billion4) of net outflows from funds           in our business. IFRS 17 costs are expected to remain elevated until
managed on behalf of M&G plc.                                               the standard is fully implemented in 2023.
Eastspring’s adjusted operating profit of $260 million was down             IFRS basis non-operating items
(13) per cent4 compared with the prior year, reflecting a decline in        Non-operating items from continuing operations in the year
the average funds under management or advice and losses on                  consist mainly of negative short-term fluctuations in investment
shareholder investments including seed capital in its retail funds,         returns on shareholder-backed business of $(1,915) million




                                                                                                                                                             Additional information
compared with gains in 2021. Operating income before gains and              (2021: $(435) million4) and a gain of $11 million from corporate
losses on shareholder investments and performance related fees was          transactions (2021: loss of $(91) million4).
(4) per cent4 lower, reflecting a (5) per cent4 decline in average funds
under management or advice. Despite a 7 per cent4 reduction in
operating costs, the cost/income ratio increased marginally to
55 per cent (2021: 54 per cent4) due to the effect of mark-to-market
movements on shareholders’ investments.


                                                                                                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022       39
Financial review / continued




The increase in the level of short-term fluctuations reflects the                   Total tax contributions from continuing operations
significant increase in interest rates during the year compared                     The Group continues to make significant tax contributions in the
with 2021 and the fall in equity markets during the year, compared                  jurisdictions in which it operates, with $1,009 million remitted to tax
with equity market gains in 2021. Decreases in bond values from                     authorities in 2022. This was similar to the equivalent amount of
rising interest rates are not fully offset by reductions in policyholder            $1,071 million9 remitted in 2021 after allowing for movements in
liabilities as assets held will exceed liabilities, given the need to               exchange rates.
hold capital in line with local regulations, while some regimes have
                                                                                    Change of tax residence of Prudential plc
policyholder liabilities that do not directly reflect changes in interest
                                                                                    In 2022 the Prudential Board decided, in the context of having
rates or reprice more slowly than assets. This loss was offset in part
                                                                                    demerged M&G plc in 2019 and Jackson Financial Inc. in 2021 and
from the benefit arising from the early adoption of the HK RBC.
                                                                                    its now exclusive focus on the growth markets of Asia and Africa,
The adverse movements in investment returns largely occurred in                     that the roles of the Chief Executive Officer and Group Chief Financial
Hong Kong and the Chinese Mainland and resulted in the losses after                 Officer would be based in Asia, where Prudential’s largest businesses,
tax for those segments.                                                             the Group’s regulator and the rest of the senior management team are
                                                                                    located. As a result of these actions the tax residence of Prudential plc
Corporate transactions include a $62 million realised gain from                     has changed to Hong Kong with effect from 3 March 2023. This is an
the sale of 8.7 million shares in Jackson Financial Inc. during                     immediate consequence of a Board meeting of that date in Hong
2022. At 31 December 2022, we held 9.2 per cent of the shares21                     Kong, where the Board now regularly meets, and also the
in Jackson Financial Inc. which had a fair value of $266 million.                   commencement of the new Chief Executive Officer’s employment in
Further information on corporate transactions is presented in                       Hong Kong on 25 February 2023. The change of tax residence to Hong
note D1.1 to the IFRS financial results.                                            Kong is not expected to impact materially the Group’s total corporate
IFRS effective tax rates for continuing operations                                  income tax payment amounts or the location of those payments. Of
In 2022, the effective tax rate on adjusted operating profit was                    the $1,009 million total taxes remitted in 2022, over $950 million
18 per cent, broadly aligned with the prior year rate of 17 per cent.               related to our Asian and African insurance and asset management
                                                                                    businesses who pay and collect taxes where they do business and
The effective tax rate on total IFRS profit in 2022 was 31 per cent                 where they make investments. None of these tax remittances will be
(2021: 17 per cent), reflecting the adverse impact of investment                    affected by Prudential plc changing tax residence. This change does
losses on which no tax credit is recognised.                                        not impact Prudential plc’s legal structure or place of incorporation
From 2024 onwards, the effective tax rate on adjusted operating profit is           which remains in the UK. Further detail, including tax guidance for
likely to be impacted by a combination of the Organisation for Economic             relevant shareholders, can be found at www.prudentialplc.com.
Co-operation and Development (OECD) proposals to implement a                        Tax strategy
global minimum tax rate of 15 per cent and some jurisdictions where                 The Group publishes its tax strategy annually which, in addition to
Prudential operates implementing a domestic minimum tax based                       complying with the mandatory UK (Finance Act 2016) requirements,
on the OECD proposals. Through 2021, 2022 and early 2023, the OECD                  also includes a number of additional disclosures, including a country-
has issued model rules, guidance and a number of supplementary                      by-country disclosure of revenues, profits, average employee numbers
documents. Further OECD documents are expected during the course                    and taxes for all jurisdictions where more than $5 million tax was
of 2023. A number of jurisdictions where Prudential has operations                  paid. This disclosure is included as a way of demonstrating that our
either have already issued or intend to issue draft legislation to                  tax footprint (ie where we pay taxes) is consistent with our business
implement the OECD rules into domestic tax law. Detailed analysis                   footprint. An updated version of the tax strategy, including 2022
and consideration of all of these documents is ongoing.                             data, will be available on the Group’s website before 31 May 2023.


Shareholders’ equity
Group IFRS shareholders’ equity

                                                                                                                                      2022 $m        2021 $m

Adjusted operating profit after tax attributable to shareholders from continuing operations                                             2,750          2,668


Profit from continuing operations for the year                                                                                          1,007          2,214
Less non-controlling interest from continuing operations                                                                                   (9)           (22)
Profit after tax for the year attributable to shareholders from continuing operations                                                     998          2,192
Net decrease in shareholders’ equity from discontinued operations (see note D1.2 in the IFRS financial results)                             –         (6,283)
Demerger dividend in-specie of Jackson                                                                                                      –         (1,735)
Exchange movements, net of related tax                                                                                                   (531)          (165)
Other external dividends                                                                                                                 (474)          (421)
Issue of equity shares                                                                                                                     (4)         2,382
Other (including revaluation of Jackson residual interest since demerger)                                                                (117)           240
Decrease in shareholders’ equity                                                                                                         (128)       (3,790)
Shareholders’ equity at beginning of the year                                                                                          17,088        20,878
Shareholders’ equity at end of the year                                                                                                16,960        17,088
Shareholders’ value per share19                                                                                                          617¢          622¢

Group IFRS shareholders’ equity decreased marginally to $17.0 billion at 31 December 2022, reflecting profit generated during the year, offset
by dividend payments of $(0.5) billion, adverse exchange movements of $(0.5) billion and movements including the revaluation of the residual
interest in Jackson Financial Inc.

40                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                          prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Group overview




Greater China presence
Prudential has a significant footprint in the Greater China region, with businesses in the Chinese Mainland (through its holding in CPL), Hong Kong



                                                                                                                                                                                                  Strategic report
and Taiwan.
The table below demonstrates the significant proportion of the Group’s financial measures that were contributed by the Greater China region:
                                                                                                                              Gross premiums earned*                  New business profit

                                                                                                                                 2022 $m          2021 $m             2022 $m           2021 $m

Total Greater China**                                                                                                            13,103            14,335                  912            1,181
Total Group**                                                                                                                    27,783            28,796                 2,184           2,526




                                                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
Percentage of total                                                                                                                  47%               50%                 42%              47%
*	    The gross earned premium amount shown above differs from that shown in the income statement as the above number includes the Group’s share of amounts earned by associates and JVs.
       The gross earned premium amount reflects the Group’s IFRS accounting policies. A reconciliation to the amount included in the income statements is included in note II of the Additional
       unaudited financial information.
**	   Total Greater China represents the amount contributed by the long-term business in Hong Kong, Taiwan and the Group’s share of the amounts earned by CPL. The Group total includes
       the Group’s share of the amounts earned by all long-term business joint ventures and associates.

EEV basis results
EEV basis results from continuing operations




                                                                                                                                                                                                  Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                                                                              Actual exchange rate               Constant exchange rate

                                                                                                             2022 $m           2021 $m         Change %             2021 $m         Change %

New business profit                                                                                            2,184             2,526                (14)             2,443               (11)
Profit from in-force business                                                                                  2,358             1,630                 45              1,588                48
Operating profit from long-term business                                                                       4,542             4,156                  9              4,032                13
Asset management                                                                                                 234               284                (18)               271               (14)
Other income and expenditure22                                                                                  (824)             (897)                 8               (874)                6
Operating profit for the year from continuing operations                                                       3,952             3,543                 12              3,429                15
Non-operating loss                                                                                             (7,523)             (306)          (2,358)               (261)          (2,782)
(Loss) profit for the year from continuing operations                                                          (3,571)           3,237              (210)              3,168             (213)




                                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial statements
Dividends paid                                                                                                   (474)            (421)
Share capital issued                                                                                               (4)           2,382
Foreign exchange movements                                                                                     (1,195)            (460)
Other movements                                                                                                  (156)             691
Net (decrease) increase in EEV shareholders’ equity
  from continuing operations                                                                                   (5,400)           5,429
EEV shareholders’ equity from continuing operations at 1 Jan                                                  47,355            41,926
Effect of HK RBC                                                                                                 229                 –
EEV shareholders’ equity from continuing operations at 31 Dec                                                 42,184




                                                                                                                                                                                                  European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                                                                                                47,355
% New business profit/average EEV shareholders’ equity for continuing
  long-term business operations*                                                                                   5%                6%
% Operating profit/average EEV shareholders’ equity for continuing operations                                      9%                8%
*      Excluding goodwill attributable to equity holders.


                                                                                                                                                                          Actual exchange rate

                                                                                                                                                            31 Dec 2022             31 Dec 2021
EEV shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                                             $m                      $m

Represented by:
  CPL                                                                                                                                                           3,259                     3,114
  Hong Kong                                                                                                                                                    16,576                    21,460
  Indonesia                                                                                                                                                     1,833                     2,237
  Malaysia                                                                                                                                                      3,695                     3,841
  Singapore                                                                                                                                                     6,806                     7,732




                                                                                                                                                                                                  Additional information
  Growth markets and other                                                                                                                                      6,688                     6,262
Embedded value from long-term business excluding goodwill                                                                                                      38,857                    44,646
Asset management and other excluding goodwill                                                                                                                   2,565                     1,931
Goodwill attributable to equity holders                                                                                                                           762                       778
Group EEV shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                                 42,184                    47,355
EEV shareholders’ equity per share                                                                                                                             1,534¢                    1,725¢



                                                                                                                                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022             41
Financial review / continued




EEV new business profit and APE new business sales (APE sales)
			
                                                                        Actual exchange rate                                 Constant exchange rate

                                       2022 $m                   2021 $m                    Change %                  2021 $m                   Change %

                                                     New                       New                      New                         New                     New
                                                 business                  business                 business                    business                business
                                  APE sales        profit   APE sales        profit    APE sales      profit     APE sales        profit   APE sales      profit

CPL                                   884             387       776           352            14          10           743          337           19          15
Hong Kong                             522             384       550           736            (5)        (48)          546          731           (4)        (47)
Indonesia                             247             125       252           125            (2)          –           243          120            2           4
Malaysia                              359             159       461           232           (22)        (31)          434          219          (17)        (27)
Singapore                             770             499       743           523             4          (5)          724          510            6          (2)
Growth markets and other            1,611             630     1,412           558            14          13         1,323          526           22          20
Total                               4,393         2,184       4,194         2,526              5        (14)        4,013        2,443            9         (11)
Total new business margin                             50%                     60%                                                  61%
			
EEV operating profit from continuing operations increased by                          Overall, EEV shareholders’ equity from continuing operations
15 per cent4 to $3,952 million, reflecting increased operating profit                 decreased at 31 December 2022 to $42.2 billion (31 December 2021:
from the in-force business and an improvement in central costs;                       $47.4 billion9). Of this, $38.9 billion (31 December 2021: $44.6 billion9)
partially offset by a decline in the contribution from new business                   relates to the long-term business. This amount includes our share of
profit and lower profit from the asset management business.                           our India associate valued using embedded value principles. The
The operating return on embedded value was 9 per cent (2021:                          market capitalisation of this associate at 31 December 2022 was
8 per cent9).                                                                         circa $7.8 billion, which compares with a publicly reported embedded
                                                                                      value of circa $4.0 billion at 30 September 2022.
The profit from long-term business is driven by the expected return
and effects of operating assumption changes and operating                             EEV shareholders’ equity on a per share basis at 31 December 2022
experience variances. The expected return increased 50 per cent4 to                   was 1,534 cents (31 December 2021: 1,725 cents9).
$2,559 million, reflecting the combined effects of underlying business
growth and, more significantly, the impact of higher interest rates.                  Group free surplus generation from continuing operations
Operating assumption changes and experience variances were                            Free surplus is the metric we use to measure the internal cash
negative $(201) million on a net basis compared with $(116) million4                  generation of our business operations and broadly reflects the
in 2021, reflecting a lower level of favourable assumption changes                    amount of money available to our operational businesses for
in the current year.                                                                  investing in new business, strengthening our capacity and capabilities
                                                                                      to grow the business, and potentially paying returns to the Group.
APE sales increased by 9 per cent4 to $4,393 million and related new                  For our insurance businesses it largely represents the Group’s available
business profit decreased by (11) per cent4, reflecting the impact of                 regulatory capital resources after allowing for the prescribed required
higher interest rates and business mix effects. Excluding economic                    regulatory capital held to support the policies in issue, with a number
effects new business profit was $2,357 million, a fall of (4) per cent4               of adjustments so that the free surplus better reflects resources
from the prior year. Detailed discussion of new business performance                  potentially available for distribution to the Group. For our asset
by segment is presented in the Strategic and operating review.                        management businesses, Group holding companies and other
                                                                                      non-insurance companies, the measure is based on IFRS net assets
The non-operating loss of $(7,523) million (2021: loss of                             with certain adjustments, including to exclude accounting goodwill
$(261) million4) is driven largely by rising interest rates and falling               and to align the treatment of capital with our regulatory basis.
equity markets over the year leading to reduced asset values with                     Operating free surplus generation represents amounts emerging
a consequential impact on future profits. Higher interest rates also                  from the in-force business during the year, net of amounts reinvested
increased risk discount rates, which have a negative effect on health                 in writing new business. For asset management businesses, it equates
and protection profits. This negative effect more than outweighed                     to post-tax adjusted operating profit for the year. Further information
the benefit on our savings products of increases to the assumed level                 is contained in note 8.1(e) of the EEV basis results.
of future investment returns.




42                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                              prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                              Group overview




Analysis of movement in Group free surplus




                                                                                                                                                              Strategic report
                                                                                                  Actual exchange rate          Constant exchange rate

                                                                                      2022 $m      2021 $m      Change %          2021 $m      Change %

Expected transfer from in-force business and return on existing free surplus            2,753        2,497                10        2,408             14
Changes in operating assumptions and experience variances                                (227)        (173)              (31)        (158)           (44)
Operating free surplus generated from long-term business
  before restructuring costs                                                            2,526        2,324                 9        2,249             12
Investment in new business                                                               (567)        (537)               (6)        (516)           (10)
Asset management                                                                          234          284               (18)         271            (14)



                                                                                                                                                              Governance
Operating free surplus generated from life business and asset
  management before restructuring costs                                                 2,193        2,071                6         2,004                9
Central costs and eliminations (net of tax):
  Net interest paid on core structural borrowings                                        (200)        (328)               39          (328)           39
  Corporate expenditure                                                                  (276)        (292)                5          (261)           (6)
  Other items and eliminations                                                            (66)        (103)               36          (118)           44
Restructuring and IFRS 17 implementation costs (net of tax)                              (277)        (169)              (64)         (162)          (71)
Net Group operating free surplus generated for continuing operations                    1,374        1,179               17          1,135               21
Non-operating and other movements, including foreign exchange                          (2,367)         330




                                                                                                                                                              Directors’ remuneration report
Recognition of residual interest in Jackson at demerger                                     –          493
External cash dividends                                                                  (474)        (421)
Share capital issued                                                                       (4)       2,382
Treatment of grandfathered debt instruments under the GWS Framework23                       –        1,995
(Decrease) increase in Group free surplus from continuing operations before
  net subordinated debt redemption                                                     (1,471)       5,958
Net subordinated debt redemption                                                       (1,699)        (232)
(Decrease) increase in Group free surplus from continuing operations
   before amounts attributable to non-controlling interests                           (3,170)        5,726
Change in amounts attributable to non-controlling interests                              (10)          (21)
Free surplus at 1 Jan from continuing operations                                      14,049         8,344
Effect of HK RBC                                                                       1,360             –




                                                                                                                                                              Financial statements
Free surplus at 31 Dec from continuing operations                                     12,229        14,049
Free surplus at 31 Dec excluding distribution rights and other intangibles              8,390       10,083
			
Our Group generated an operating free surplus from insurance and               Dividend
asset management operations before restructuring costs of                      Reflecting the Group’s capital allocation priorities, a portion of
$2,193 million, up 9 per cent4, largely reflecting the underlying              capital generation will be retained for reinvestment in the business,
business growth from our in-force insurance book and positive effects          and dividends will be determined primarily based on the Group’s
of interest rates. The cost of investment in new business increased            operating capital generation after allowing for the capital strain




                                                                                                                                                              European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
by 10 per cent4 broadly in line with the increase in APE sales of              of writing new business and recurring central costs. Dividends are
9 per cent4, with the benefit from regulatory changes in Hong Kong             expected to grow broadly in line with the growth in the Group’s
and higher interest rates offset by changes in business mix. After             operating free surplus generation net of right-sized central costs,
allowing for lower interest payments on the Group’s central debt               and will be set taking into account financial prospects, investment
and higher restructuring and IFRS 17 costs, total Group free surplus           opportunities and market conditions.
generation was up 21 per cent4 to $1,374 million.
                                                                               The Board has approved a 2022 second interim cash dividend of
Operating free surplus generated was offset by the negative impact             13.04 cents per share (2021: 11.86 cents per share9). Combined with
of market and currency movements in the period. After allowing for             the first interim cash dividend of 5.74 cents per share (2021: 5.37
these losses, the redemption of debt (which is treated as capital for          cents per share9), the Group’s total 2022 cash dividend is 18.78 cents
free surplus purposes), the external dividend payment and the                  per share (2021: 17.23 cents per share9), an increase of 9 per cent9.
$1.4 billion benefit from adopting HK RBC at 1 January 2022, free
surplus at 31 December 2022 was $12.2 billion. Excluding distribution
rights and other intangibles it was $8.4 billion. In January 2023 Group
free surplus was reduced by $0.4 billion following the redemption of
a £300 million senior bond.




                                                                                                                                                              Additional information




                                                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022       43
Financial review / continued




Group capital position                                                                              surplus over the GPCR is estimated to have been $17.5 billion12 with a
Prudential applies the Insurance (Group Capital) Rules set out in the                               corresponding GWS coverage ratio of 320 per cent13. When including
GWS Framework issued by the Hong Kong Insurance Authority to                                        the contribution from ring-fenced policyholder funds, the total
determine Group regulatory capital requirements (both minimum and                                   surplus over the GPCR is estimated to have been $21.4 billion12,
prescribed levels). The GWS Group capital adequacy requirements                                     with a corresponding GWS coverage ratio of 204 per cent13.
require that total eligible Group capital resources are not less than
the GPCR and that GWS Tier 1 group capital resources are not less                                   As at 31 December 2022, the estimated shareholder GWS capital
than the GMCR. In line with the changes at half year 2022 and                                       surplus over the GPCR is $15.6 billion12 (31 December 2021:
the updated GWS disclosure guidelines issued by the Hong Kong                                       $17.5 billion9), representing a coverage ratio of 307 per cent13
Insurance Authority in December 2022, the GWS capital disclosures                                   (31 December 2021: 320 per cent9) and the estimated total
present the Group capital position by comparing the total eligible                                  GWS capital surplus over the GPCR is $18.1 billion12 (31 December
group capital resources to the GPCR, aligned with the basis of our EEV                              2021: $21.4 billion9) representing a coverage ratio of 202 per cent13
capital requirements. In addition, the total regulatory Tier 1 capital                              (31 December 2021: 204 per cent9). The estimated Group Tier 1
resources relative to the GMCR is also disclosed. More information is                               capital resources are $17.4 billion25 with estimated GWS Tier 1
set out in note I(i) of the Additional unaudited financial information.                             surplus over the GMCR of $12.1 billion14 (31 December 2021:
                                                                                                    $14.9 billion9), representing a coverage ratio of 328 per cent15
The Group holds material participating business in Hong Kong,                                       (31 December 2021: 328 per cent9).
Singapore and Malaysia. Alongside the regulatory GWS capital basis,
a shareholder GWS capital basis is also presented which excludes                                    The Group shareholder GWS capital surplus over the GPCR reduced
the contribution to the Group GWS eligible group capital resources,                                 by $(1.9) billion9 to $15.6 billion at 31 December 2022. Operating
the GMCR and the GPCR from these participating funds.                                               capital generation in the period was $1.4 billion after allowing
                                                                                                    for central costs and investment in new business. The impact of
During the year, Group adopted C-ROSS Phase II requirements in                                      non-operating and other items, including market movements, were
the Chinese Mainland and the HK RBC for the Hong Kong business                                      negative overall and reduced surplus by $(2.8) billion. Dividends of
following the receipt of approval from the Hong Kong Insurance                                      $0.5 billion were paid to shareholders in respect of the 2022 first
Authority to early-adopt the new Risk-Based Capital regime effective                                interim dividend.
from 1 January 2022. These changes are estimated to have
increased the GWS shareholder surplus over the GMCR by                                              The Group’s GWS position is resilient to external macroeconomic
$9.3 billion14 and to have increased the corresponding coverage ratio                               movements as demonstrated by the sensitivity disclosure contained
from 408 per cent to 545 per cent15 as at 31 December 2021, after                                   in note I(i) of the Additional unaudited financial information,
allowing for the $1.7 billion debt redemption in January 2022.                                      alongside further information on the GWS measure.
As at 31 December 2021 the corresponding GWS shareholder capital


                                                                                                        31 Dec 2022                                          31 Dec 202124
                                                                                                 (post regulatory updates)                             (post regulatory updates)

                                                                                        Shareholder     Policyholder*             Total†      Shareholder      Policyholder*            Total†

Group capital resources ($bn)                                                                  23.2              12.6             35.8                25.5              16.5             42.0
of which: Tier 1 capital resources25 ($bn)                                                     15.9               1.5             17.4                17.9               3.5             21.4

Group Minimum Capital Requirement ($bn)                                                          4.4              0.9              5.3                  4.7              1.8              6.5
Group Prescribed Capital Requirement ($bn)                                                       7.6             10.1             17.7                  8.0             12.6             20.6

GWS capital surplus over GPCR ($bn)                                                            15.6                2.5            18.1                17.5                3.9            21.4
GWS coverage ratio over GPCR (%)                                                              307%                               202%                320%                               204%

GWS coverage ratio (over GMCR) (%)                                                                                                12.1                                                   14.9
GWS Tier 1 coverage ratio over GMCR (%)                                                                                          328%                                                   328%

*    This allows for any associated diversification impacts between the shareholder and policyholder positions reflected in the total company results where relevant.
†    The total company GWS coverage ratio over GPCR presented above represents the eligible group capital resources coverage ratio as set out in the GWS framework while the total company
     GWS tier 1 coverage ratio over GMCR represents the tier 1 group capital coverage ratio.




44                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                      prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                          Group overview




The 31 December 2022 GWS capital results do not reflect the impact          Separate from the capital management framework applied for
of the redemption of $0.4 billion of senior debt in January 2023.           shareholder-owned capital, the capital held in ring-fenced with-profits



                                                                                                                                                          Strategic report
Allowing for this redemption reduces the shareholder GWS capital            funds supports policyholder investment freedom, which increases
surplus over GPCR to $15.2 billion with a coverage ratio of                 expected returns for our with-profits funds’ customers. GWS
302 per cent and reduces the total GWS capital surplus over GPCR            policyholder capital surplus is not available for distribution out of the
to $17.7 billion with a coverage ratio of 200 per cent. The total GWS       ring-fenced funds other than as a defined proportion distributable to
Tier 1 over GMCR capital position is unaffected by this redemption.         shareholders when policyholder bonuses are declared. Policyholder
                                                                            fund capital surplus is deployed over time to increase investment risk
GWS risk appetite and capital management
                                                                            in the with-profits funds in order to target higher customer returns,
The Group’s capital management framework focuses on achieving
                                                                            or distributed as higher customer bonuses, in line with the specific
sustainable, profitable growth and retaining a resilient balance sheet.
                                                                            with-profits bonus policies which apply to each ring-fenced fund.
The Group monitors regulatory capital, economic capital and rating          The result of applying these policies is that the aggregate

                                                                                                                                                          Governance
agency capital metrics and manages the business within its risk             policyholder fund GPCR coverage ratio is typically lower than
appetite by remaining within its economic and regulatory capital            the GPCR shareholder coverage ratio.
limits. In respect of regulatory capital limits, a capital buffer above
                                                                            The total GWS coverage ratio, which is an aggregate of the
the GPCR is held to ensure the Group can withstand volatility in
                                                                            policyholder and shareholder capital positions, is therefore usually
markets and operational experience, with capital resources remaining
                                                                            lower than the shareholder coverage ratio, but also less sensitive in
sufficient to cover the GPCR even after significant stresses.
                                                                            stress scenarios, as is shown in the GWS sensitivity analysis section
The calibration of the capital buffer reflects the Group’s risk profile
                                                                            above as at 31 December 2022. The total GWS coverage ratio is
and the external economic environment, and is set and reviewed
                                                                            the Group’s regulatory solvency metric to which Group supervision
regularly by the Board.




                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                            applies, and this total regulatory coverage ratio is managed to ensure
Typically, this requires a Group shareholder coverage ratio of above        it remains above the GPCR by applying separate shareholder and
150 per cent of the shareholder GPCR to be maintained and                   policyholder risk appetite limits, as described above.
de-risking management actions will be taken as necessary to
                                                                            Financing and liquidity
maintain this buffer. No maximum limit on the GWS coverage ratio
                                                                            At 31 December 2022, the Group’s net gearing ratio as defined in
has been set. While the GWS shareholder capital position is a key
                                                                            the table below was 7 per cent, after reflecting the refined definition
metric for assessing regulatory solvency, and for risk management,
                                                                            of holding company cash and short-term investments as discussed
there are some elements of the shareholder GWS capital surplus
                                                                            below, but excluding the impact of the redemption on 20 January
which will only become available as cash flow for distribution over
                                                                            2023 of the £300 million senior bond, with a carrying value of
time. The Group’s Free Surplus metric is a better measure of the
                                                                            $361 million at 31 December 2022. The Group manages its leverage
shareholder capital available for distribution, and is used as the
                                                                            on a Moody’s total leverage basis, which differs from the above by
primary metric for assessing the Group’s sources and uses of capital
                                                                            taking into account gross debt, including commercial paper, and also
in the Group’s capital management framework, and underpinning




                                                                                                                                                          Financial statements
                                                                            allows for a proportion of the surplus within the Group’s with-profits
the Group’s dividend policy.
                                                                            funds. We estimate the Moody’s total leverage at 31 December 2022
At 31 December 2022, the Group’s Free Surplus stock (excluding              to be 21 per cent (31 December 2021: 26 per cent9). After allowing for
distribution rights and other intangibles) was $8.4 billion, compared       the redemption in January 2023 of the £300 million senior bond we
with the GWS shareholder surplus of $15.6 billion and a reconciliation      estimate that Moody’s total leverage would be 20 per cent.
is shown in note I(i) of the Additional unaudited financial information.    Prudential is targeting a Moody’s total leverage ratio of around 20 to
The uses of capital, for both organic and inorganic opportunities, are      25 per cent over the medium term. Prudential may operate outside
assessed by reference to expected shareholder returns and payback           this range temporarily to take advantage of growth opportunities
periods, relative to risk-adjusted hurdle rates which are set centrally.    with attractive risk-adjusted returns as they arise, while still preserving




                                                                                                                                                          European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                                            its strong credit ratings.
Reflecting the Group’s capital allocation priorities, a portion of the
free surplus generated in each period will be retained for reinvestment     Prudential seeks to maintain its financial strength rating with
in the business, and dividends will be determined primarily based           applicable credit rating agencies, which derives, in part, from its
on the Group’s operating free surplus generation after allowing for         high level of financial flexibility to issue debt and equity instruments,
the capital strain of writing new business and recurring central costs      which is intended to be maintained in the future.
(on a right-sized basis). To the extent that free surplus arises which is
not required to support organic and inorganic growth opportunities,
consideration will be given to returning capital to shareholders.




                                                                                                                                                          Additional information




                                                                                                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    45
Financial review / continued




Net core structural borrowings of shareholder-financed businesses

                                                                                                          31 Dec 2022 $m                                          31 Dec 2021 $m

                                                                                                  IFRS        Mark-to-                 EEV                IFRS        Mark-to-                 EEV
                                                                                                  basis    market value               basis               basis    market value               basis

Borrowings of shareholder-financed businesses                                                   4,261               (427)           3,834                6,127               438             6,565
Less: holding company cash and short-term investments26                                        (3,057)                 –           (3,057)              (3,572)                –            (3,572)
Net core structural borrowings of shareholder-financed businesses                               1,204               (427)             777               2,555                438            2,993
Net gearing ratio*                                                                                 7%                                                     13%

*    Net core structural borrowings from continuing operations as proportion of IFRS shareholders’ equity from continuing operations plus net core structural borrowings from continuing operations,
     as set out in note II of the Additional unaudited financial information.


The total borrowings of the shareholder-financed businesses from                                      In addition to its net core structural borrowings of shareholder-
continuing operations were $4.3 billion at 31 December 2022 and the                                   financed businesses set out above, the Group is able to access
Group had central cash resources of $3.1 billion26 at the same date                                   funding via the medium-term note programme, the US shelf
resulting in net core structural borrowings of the shareholder-financed                               programme (the platform for issuance of SEC registered bonds in
businesses of $1.2 billion. We have complied with all of the covenants                                the US market), a commercial paper programme and committed
and undertakings of our core structural borrowings and have not                                       revolving credit facilities. All of these are available for general
modified any of their terms during 2022.                                                              corporate purposes. Proceeds from the Group’s commercial paper
                                                                                                      programme are not included in the holding company cash and
The Group has two securities that reach maturity in 2023; the                                         short-term investment balance.
£300 million senior bonds that were redeemed on 20 January 2023
and a €20 million medium-term note that falls due in July 2023.                                       Prudential plc has maintained a consistent presence as an issuer
In addition, the Group has a $750 million perpetual note that                                         in the commercial paper market for the past decade and had
reached its first call date in January 2023 at which time the Group’s                                 $501 million in issue at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021:
management elected not to call it. We retain the right to call this                                   $500 million9).
security at par on a quarterly basis hereafter. The Group’s remaining
securities have contractual maturities that fall between 2029 and                                     As at 31 December 2022, the Group had a total of $2.6 billion
2033. Further analysis of the maturity profile of borrowings is                                       of undrawn committed facilities, expiring in 2026. Apart from
presented in note C2.3 to the IFRS financial results.                                                 small drawdowns to test the process, these facilities have
                                                                                                      never been drawn, and there were no amounts outstanding
                                                                                                      at 31 December 2022.

Cash remittances
Holding company cash flow		

                                                                                                                                                                       Actual exchange rate

                                                                                                                                                      2022 $m           2021 $m         Change %

Net cash remitted by business units           27
                                                                                                                                                        1,304             1,451                (10)
Net interest paid                                                                                                                                        (204)             (314)                35
Corporate expenditure28                                                                                                                                  (232)             (322)                28
Centrally funded recurring bancassurance fees                                                                                                            (220)             (176)               (25)
Total central outflows                                                                                                                                    (656)             (812)               19
Holding company cash flow before dividends and other movements                                                                                             648               639
Dividends paid                                                                                                                                            (474)             (421)
Operating holding company cash flow after dividends but before other movements                                                                            174               218
Issuance and redemption of debt                                                                                                                        (1,729)             (255)
Hong Kong public offer and international placing                                                                                                            –             2,374
Other corporate activities                                                                                                                                248              (199)
US demerger costs                                                                                                                                           –               (30)
Total other movements                                                                                                                                  (1,481)            1,890
Total holding company cash flow                                                                                                                        (1,307)            2,108
Cash and short-term investments at the beginning of the year                                                                                            3,572             1,463
Foreign exchange and other movements                                                                                                                     (113)                1
Inclusion of amounts at 31 Dec from additional centrally managed entities                                                                                 905                 –
Cash and short-term investments at the end of the year                                                                                                  3,057             3,572




46                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                          prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Group overview




Remittances from our businesses were $1,304 million (2021:                                        The definition of holding company cash and short-term investments
$1,451 million9). Remittances were used to meet central outflows                                  has been updated, with effect from 31 December 2022, following



                                                                                                                                                                                                    Strategic report
of $(656) million (2021: $(812) million9) and to pay dividends of                                 the combination of the Group’s London office and Asia regional office
$(474) million. Central outflows include net interest paid of                                     into a single Group Head Office in 2022. This updated definition
$(204) million (2021: $(314) million9), corporate expenditure of                                  includes all cash and short-term investments held by central holding
$(232) million (2021: $(322) million9) and centrally funded recurring                             and service companies, including amounts previously managed on
bancassurance fees of $(220) million (2021: $(176) million9).                                     a regional basis. These balances are now being centrally managed
                                                                                                  by the Group’s Treasury function. This refinement increased holding
Other cash flow movements included net receipts from other                                        company cash and short-term investment balances by $0.9 billion
corporate activities of $248 million (2021: $(199) million9 net                                   at 31 December 2022. After reflecting this refinement, cash and
payments) comprising proceeds of $315 million received from the                                   short-term investments totalled $3.1 billion at 31 December 2022
sales of shares in Jackson Financial Inc. together with dividends                                 (31 December 2021: $3.6 billion9). The redemption of debt in January

                                                                                                                                                                                                    Governance
from Jackson Financial Inc., partially offset by cash provided for                                2023 reduced this balance by $371 million.
investment by the businesses mainly in digital infrastructure.
Our debt redemption and refinancing programme was completed                                       The Group will continue to seek to manage its financial condition such
in January 2022 at a cost of $1,725 million. We also settled a bank                               that it has sufficient resources available to provide a buffer to support
loan in the year funded by the issue of new senior debt at a net                                  the retained businesses in stress scenarios and to provide liquidity to
outflow of $4 million.                                                                            service central outflows.




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Directors’ remuneration report




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Financial statements
Notes
1     APE sales is a measure of new business activity that comprises the aggregate of             13   Estimated GWS coverage ratio of capital resources over GPCR attributable to the
      annualised regular premiums and one-tenth of single premiums on new business written             shareholder business, before allowing for the 2022 second cash interim dividend.
      during the year for all insurance products, including premiums for contracts designated     14   Estimated GWS capital resources in excess of the GMCR attributable to the shareholder
      as investment contracts under IFRS 4. It is not representative of premium income                 business, before allowing for the 2022 second cash interim dividend. Under the GWS
      recorded in the IFRS financial results. See note II of the Additional unaudited financial        Framework, all debt instruments (senior and subordinated) issued by Prudential plc
      information for further explanation.                                                             at 30 June 2022 are included as GWS eligible group capital resources.
2     For insurance operations, operating free surplus generated represents amounts               15   Estimated GWS coverage ratio of capital resources over GMCR attributable to




                                                                                                                                                                                                    European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
      emerging from the in-force business during the year net of amounts reinvested in writing         shareholder business, before allowing for the 2022 second cash interim dividend.
      new business and excludes non-operating items. For asset management businesses,             16   Our World in Data, India confirmed Covid-19 cases.
      it equates to post-tax operating profit for the year. Restructuring costs are presented     17   For discussion on the basis of preparation of the sources of earnings in the table
      separately from the business unit amount. Further information is set out in ‘movement            see note I(ii) of the Additional unaudited financial information.
      in Group free surplus’ of the EEV basis results.                                            18   Excludes Money Market Funds.
3     ‘Adjusted operating profit’ refers to adjusted IFRS operating profit based on longer-term   19   See note II of the Additional unaudited financial information for definition and
      investment returns from continuing operations. This alternative performance measure              reconciliation to IFRS balances.
      is reconciled to IFRS profit for the period in note B1.1 of the IFRS financial results.     20   Full year 2022 total funds under management or advice including external funds under
4     On a constant exchange rate basis.                                                               management, money market funds, funds managed on behalf of M&G plc and internal
5     New business profit, on a post-tax basis, on business sold in the period, calculated             funds under management or advice.
      in accordance with EEV Principles.                                                          21   Jackson Financial Inc. shares held by Prudential as a percentage of Jackson Financial Inc.
6     Greater China comprises of our businesses in the Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong                     Shares disclosed as outstanding as at 31 December 2022.
      and Taiwan.                                                                                 22   Other income and expenditure includes restructuring and IFRS 17 implementation costs.
7     South-east Asia comprises of our businesses in Asia excluding the Chinese Mainland,         23   Debt not denominated in USD is translated using exchange rates as at 31 December
      Hong Kong, Taiwan and India.                                                                     2020 for the purposes of grandfathering.
8     Operating return calculated as operating profit divided by the average EEV shareholders’    24   31 December 2021 comparative amounts include the effect of the adoption of HK RBC,
      equity for continuing operations. See note II(x) of the Additional unaudited financial           C-ROSS Phase II and the redemption of $1,725 million of sub-ordinated debt completed
      information for definition and calculation.                                                      in January 2022.
9     On an actual exchange rate basis.                                                           25   The classification of tiering of capital under the GWS framework reflects the different
10    As compared with full year 2021 actual expenditure of $298 million and assuming                  local regulatory regimes along with guidance issued by the Hong Kong IA.
      no significant change in current exchange rates.                                            26   The definition of holding company cash and short-term investments has been updated,




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Additional information
11    Represents previously referred to $70 million costs savings from the start of 2023,              with effect from 31 December 2022, following the combination of the Group’s London
      compared with full year 2021 actual expenditure, together with $180 million of cost              office and Asia regional office into a single Group Head Office in 2022. This updated
      savings delivered from the start of 2021 compared with full year 2018 actual                     definition includes all cash and short-term investments held by central holding
      expenditure.                                                                                     and service companies, including amounts previously managed on a regional basis.
12    Estimated GWS capital resources in excess of the GPCR attributable to the shareholder            These balances are now being centrally managed by the Group’s Treasury function.
      business, before allowing for the 2022 second cash interim dividend. Prescribed capital     27   Net cash amounts remitted by businesses are included in the holding company cash
      requirements are set at the level at which the local regulator of a given entity can             flow, which is disclosed in detail in note I(v) of the Additional unaudited financial
      impose penalties, sanctions or intervention measures. The estimated GWS group capital            information. This comprises dividends and other transfers from businesses
      adequacy requirements require that total eligible Group capital resources are not less      28   Including IFRS 17 implementation and restructuring costs paid in the year.
      than the GPCR.


                                                                                                                                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022               47
Risk review




     Enabling
     effective
     risk-based
     decision-making
     in a complex world




48            Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   prudentialplc.com
                                                      prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                       Group overview




In the face of significant market volatility and uncertainty,              Macroeconomic and market environment
Prudential’s Group Risk Framework, risk appetite, and robust               The Russia-Ukraine conflict may continue to lead to economic and



                                                                                                                                                       Strategic report
governance have allowed the business to manage and control                 market stresses being particularly intense in Europe given its
its risk exposure dynamically and effectively throughout 2022,             dependence on Russian energy and commodities. The uncertainty on
in order to achieve the Group’s strategy of delivering value for           the longer-term evolution of these tensions has contributed to
our shareholders and all our stakeholders. This section explains the       keeping energy and commodity prices high and volatile leading to
main risks inherent in the business and how Prudential manages             high inflationary pressures. In early 2023, for certain markets which
those risks, with the aim of ensuring an appropriate risk profile is       the Group operates, inflation appears to have peaked after having
maintained.                                                                reached decades-high levels in 2022. However, there are structural
                                                                           risks to inflation persistence, constraining real incomes and growth to
1 Introduction                                                             an extent capable of triggering a global recession.


                                                                                                                                                       Governance
                                                                           Central banks, including many in Asia, in large part but at varying
The Group
                                                                           pace and levels, have responded to inflationary pressures with
Following key actions taken in 2021 to reshape Prudential into an
                                                                           monetary policy tightening and base interest rate increases, while
Asia and Africa-focused business, the Group has transformed its
                                                                           factoring in the impact of US Federal Reserve monetary policy on the
leadership structure and its strategic and operating models as it
                                                                           strength of the US dollar and implications in emerging markets. This
continues to enhance its focus on its customers, as well as adapting
                                                                           challenging inflationary environment led to wide-spread weakness
a multi-channel distribution model to reflect evolving markets and
                                                                           across asset classes in 2022, in both fixed income and equities which
external operating conditions. The Group Risk, Compliance and
                                                                           posted significant losses. Sentiment was also impacted by weak
Security (RCS) function continues to provide risk opinions, guidance,
                                                                           demand in the property sector, and volatility in the economic outlook
assurance and engagement with Prudential’s Group-wide supervisor,




                                                                                                                                                       Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                           in the Chinese Mainland as Covid-19 restrictions continued through
the Hong Kong Insurance Authority (IA), on these critical activities,
                                                                           most of the year. The Chinese Mainland and Japan were the regional
while overseeing the risks and implications to the ongoing business
                                                                           exceptions in retaining a relatively accommodative monetary policy.
in order to ensure the Group remains within approved risk appetite,
                                                                           Global activity data was generally weaker in 2022, but showed some
at all times, in the backdrop of increased complexity of the
                                                                           resilience given the record pace of tightening of financial conditions.
macroeconomic, geopolitical and regulatory environments. During
                                                                           Consumer confidence in both developed and emerging markets in
2022, the Group achieved notable milestones with the completion
                                                                           Asia fell sharply and into depressed territory for much of the year,
of all agreed transitional arrangements to fully implement the Hong
                                                                           although actual spending remained at fairly stable levels, given high
Kong IA GWS Framework, the implementation of the C-ROSS II
                                                                           levels of excess savings, reopening flows and higher-than-expected
at CPL, its Chinese Mainland joint venture, and early adoption of RBC
                                                                           fiscal stimulus.
at its Hong Kong businesses.
                                                                           With the rapid reopening of the Chinese Mainland market, the
2022 was characterised by high inflation, high interest rates and
                                                                           headwinds appear to have reached a turning point at the end of the
economic uncertainties, set against reconfigured national alliances




                                                                                                                                                       Financial statements
                                                                           year with policymakers announcing a relaxation of pandemic-related
and competition for energy and natural resources. The impacts to
                                                                           restrictions and the reopening of borders as well as a more convincing
the Group are multifaceted and may be pronounced. These include
                                                                           package of measures to stabilise the property market. However, the
increased strategic and business risks, as well as increasing insurance,
                                                                           growth path with recovery in consumer spending, especially services,
product and customer conduct risks. For the Group’s customers, these
                                                                           is likely to be volatile based on the experience in other countries, when
wider geopolitical and macroeconomic circumstances may increase
                                                                           restrictions were quickly released, the temporary escalation in
uncertainty over livelihoods, elevate costs of living, and cause
                                                                           Covid-19 cases led to an economic pause before a more sustained
challenges in affordability for essential needs and services, including
                                                                           rebound. Furthermore, supply chains have also taken time to recover
insurance products and perhaps at times when they may be most
                                                                           to previous levels of efficiency and capacity.
needed. The complexity of meeting regulatory expectations on




                                                                                                                                                       European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
these issues, as governments increasingly focus on them, is expected       The continued strength in the US dollar against the majority of
to increase. Prudential will need to meet these challenges for its         other currencies further contributed to tighter financial conditions
business and those of its customers in a fair and equitable way.           and weaker exchange rates of a number of emerging markets
At the same time, the Group will be expected to navigate the volatile      in which the Group operates, adversely impacting Prudential’s
financial environment in its markets to ensure it remains robustly         consolidated financial statements upon the translation of results
capitalised to sustainably deliver for the additional needs of its         into US dollar, the Group’s reporting currency. With interest rates
customers and the societies in which it operates. These are the key        rising, sub-Saharan Africa has seen an increase in external debt
themes underpinning this report, with details included below.              servicing costs. The rising debt servicing burden could lead to a
                                                                           trade-off for governments in the region between paying down
Against this backdrop, the Group continues to effectively leverage
                                                                           debt obligations or funding longer-term social projects.
its risk management, compliance and security experience in more
mature markets, applying it to its growth markets as appropriate           The macroeconomic landscape and financial markets are expected
to their respective risks and the extent of their challenges in this       to remain challenging and highly uncertain. The capital position of
changed world, and reflective of opportunities, customer issues and        the Group and its local businesses has been monitored with high
needs and local customs. Prudential will continue to apply the holistic    cadence and has remained robust throughout 2022. The full impact
and coordinated approach in managing the increasingly dynamic,             of the economic turbulence in 2022 is yet to fully materialise and will
multifaceted and often interconnected risks facing its businesses.         continue to be closely monitored by the Group.




                                                                                                                                                       Additional information




                                                                                                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   49
Risk review / continued




Geopolitical landscape                                                    A high inflation environment, combined with recessionary concerns,
The Russia-Ukraine conflict has led to a range of geopolitical            and societal and regulatory expectations of support, may also
implications, which remain uncertain and complex. The direct              heighten existing challenges in persistency for insurers. As has always
implications were regularly monitored throughout 2022 and were            been the case, Prudential will continue to engage with governments,
considered in the Group’s broader scenario analysis and planning.         regulators and supervisors on these issues. As a matter of course,
The diplomatic consequences of the conflict have driven an                the Group regularly assesses the suitability and affordability of its
adjustment (and some reinforcement) in regional security and              products, and aims to reduce their perceived complexity whilst
trading blocs, with an increasing conflation of economic issues with      increasing the transparency of their costs and benefits. These aims,
considerations of national interest and security, and with implications   as well as the Group’s increasing focus on the sustainable digital
for international strategic competition. The Russia-Ukraine conflict      distribution of its health and protection products via its digital
may have implications for, or result in a short-term slowing of,          platform, help to expand the financial inclusion of Prudential’s
progress in meeting global and corporate decarbonisation targets,         products and improve customer outcomes.
as markets prioritise access to sufficient primary energy sources,
increasing the use of coal. In the medium term, a reduction in the        Most markets have moved, at different paces, to an endemic
reliance on external gas and oil supplies may drive an acceleration in    approach in managing Covid-19. The Group looks to retain the
the adoption of zero-carbon energy sources. However, challenges to        positive changes that the pandemic accelerated, including those
supply chains, technologies and access to raw materials and energy        related to changes in traditional working practices and the use of
will remain where national security concerns are heightened. Over the     digital services, technologies and distribution methods to customers,
longer term, the conflict, and the diplomatic and economic reactions      while monitoring and mitigating the potential increase in technology,
to it, could contribute to an acceleration towards ‘decoupling’ or the    data security or misuse and regulatory risks that these may bring.
divergence of markets into more distinct trading blocs, limiting the      Prudential is exploring new ways of working and, as a responsible
scope for flows of people, capital and data between blocs, increasing     employer, is reflecting thematic trends through a coordinated suite
the potential operational and reputational risks for companies            of activities related to the upskilling of its workforce, and increasing
continuing to trade and operate between these blocs.                      flexibility, inclusivity and psychological safety in the workplace.
                                                                          The Group continues to monitor emerging social trends, including
The US-China relationship has been a key focus of geopolitical tension    those linked to environmental change and the impacts to developing
in 2022, impacted in part by the Russia-Ukraine conflict. In turn,        market societies associated with the transition to a lower-carbon
this has exerted pressure on policymakers in other geographies,           global economy. A just and inclusive transition is central to the
including the Asian markets in which the Group operates. Following        Group’s strategy and Prudential recognises the interests from a wide
the US mid-term Congressional elections and 20th Party Congress           range of stakeholders in the way it manages ESG and climate-related
of the Communist Party of China in the second half of 2022, political     risks. The Group continues to recognise the importance of financial
pressures continued to indicate an increasingly divergent set of          inclusion and the ways in which the Group’s products and services
positions and strained rhetoric on matters of mutual interest,            meet the changing needs of affected societies. Its risk management
including Taiwan. The relationship remains inherently dynamic and         framework continues to evolve to manage the changing nature of
continues to be monitored, against a backdrop of increasing strategic     these wide-ranging risks, including activities to promote a transparent
competition as illustrated by the US CHIPS Act and sustained              culture, and active encouragement of open discussion and learnings
bilateral criticism. While the pace of domestic regulatory reform in      from mistakes.
the Chinese Mainland abated in 2022 relative to 2021, the effects of
reforms and their implementation, including those relating to             Regulations
technology, data usage and capital market operations, may create          Prudential operates in highly regulated markets, and as the nature
geopolitical implications which will require assessment, as will US       and focus of regulations and laws evolve, the complexity of
legislation, which may in turn be mirrored or affect other markets’       regulatory compliance (including with respect to economic sanctions,
regulations related to China. Legislative or regulatory changes that      anti-money laundering and anti-corruption) continues to increase
adversely impact Hong Kong’s economy or its international trading         and represents a challenge for international businesses. Geopolitical
and economic relationships, as a key market which hosts Group head        tensions including the Russia-Ukraine conflict have increased
office functions, could have an adverse impact on sales and               uncertainties and the long-term complexity of legal and regulatory
distribution and the operations of the Group.                             compliance for Prudential’s businesses operating across multiple
                                                                          jurisdictions. Whilst the complexity of sanctions driven by the
Societal developments                                                     geopolitical conflicts is elevated, the Group is experienced in
Global economic uncertainties and the rise in inflation are               managing this and has in place risk tolerance frameworks to deal with
increasingly putting pressure on household affordability and may          complex and conflicting risk trade-offs to guide executive decisions.
exacerbate existing structural inequalities within societies.
Government and supervisory attention is being increasingly focused        The rapid pace and high volume of regulatory changes and
on the cost of living crisis taking shape across many of the Group’s      interventions, and swiftness of their application including those
markets and the contribution of the corporate sector to government        driven by the financial services industry, have the potential to increase
tax revenues. These developments have implications for Prudential in      strategic and regulatory risks for the Group’s businesses. There has
terms of how it engages with its customers, who will, in some markets,    been an increased regulatory focus by Prudential’s Group-wide
experience real challenges in affording or maintaining insurance          supervisor, the Hong Kong IA, in particular on customer experience,
products at their current level of coverage. This may happen at times     investment management, governance and sustainability and
when that protection is needed most, and when such customers              climate-related topics. In the Chinese Mainland, various policy
increasingly represent the vulnerable in society. In Asia, there is an    and regulatory developments relevant to the provision of financial
increasing expectation from governments for private companies to          services are in progress, as is the implementation of the market’s data
help with affordability issues, for example, by introducing moratoria     governance pillars. Regulatory focus on the financial services industry
on price increases, and to extend the regulatory definitions of           remains broad and often concurrent, and includes areas such as
‘vulnerable’ customers to explicitly include those in need due to the     customer conduct and protection, information security and data
current economic pressures. Prudential will continue to carefully         privacy and residency, third-party management, systemic risk
balance affordability and the impact on its customers with the need,      regulation, corporate governance and senior management
and ability, to reprice products where necessary.                         accountability. Climate and sustainability-related regulatory
                                                                          developments continue to develop at pace, both globally and in Asia.

50                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                       Group overview




Developments in domestic and international capital standards                 Building on enhancements implemented in 2021, Prudential has
continue to move forward, for example, the International Insurance           continued to embed ESG and climate change considerations within



                                                                                                                                                       Strategic report
Capital Standard (ICS) is being developed by the International               the Group Risk Framework, such as explicitly defining time horizons
Association of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS) due for adoption post            for the purposes of climate risk and requiring the consideration of
2024; C-ROSS II and Hong Kong RBC which were implemented in the              risks in the context of the time horizon of expected benefits/paybacks
Group’s Chinese Mainland joint venture and Hong Kong businesses              of decisions within core strategic processes where ‘risk-based
respectively. Changes in regulations related to capital have the             decision-making’ must be incorporated, and the embedding of its
potential to change the extent of capital sensitivity to risk factors. The   Group-wide customer conduct risk (including the implementation of
new accounting standards IFRS 17 also became effective from                  enhanced monitoring metrics), third-party and outsourcing and data
1 January 2023 which is mandatory for the Group given its UK                 management frameworks and policies.
domicile and its dual primary listings. Other examples of material
regulatory changes include the sale and management of investment-            b Group Risk Framework


                                                                                                                                                       Governance
linked products in Indonesia. Prudential’s portfolio of transformation       i. Risk governance and culture
and regulatory change programmes have the potential to introduce             Prudential’s risk governance comprises the Board organisational
new, or increase existing, regulatory risks and supervisory interest         structures, reporting relationships, delegation of authority, roles and
while increasing the complexity of ensuring concurrent regulatory            responsibilities, and risk policies that have been established to make
compliance across markets driven by potential for increased                  decisions and control activities on risk-related matters. The risk
intra-Group connectivity and dependencies.                                   governance structure is led by the Group Risk Committee, supported
                                                                             by independent Non-executive Directors on the risk committees of
The Hong Kong IA’s GWS Framework became effective for Prudential             the Group’s major businesses. The Group Risk Committee approves
following designation by the Hong Kong IA on 14 May 2021.                    changes to the Group Risk Framework and the core risk policies




                                                                                                                                                       Directors’ remuneration report
Prudential will continue to engage constructively with the Hong Kong         that support it. The Committee has direct lines of communication,
IA as its Group-wide supervisor as it ensures ongoing sustainable            reporting and oversight of the risk committees of the Group’s major
compliance. In jurisdictions where Prudential operates with ongoing          businesses. In the second half of 2022, the chief risk and compliance
policy initiatives and regulatory developments which impact the              officers of the Group’s major businesses and the managing directors
way Prudential is supervised, these developments continue to be              of the Group’s Strategic Business Groups have formally become
monitored by the Group at a market and global level and these                members of the Group Executive Risk Committee, the advisory
considerations form part of the Group Risk Framework and ongoing             committee to the Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer. The
engagement with government policymakers, industry groups                     chief risk and compliance officers of the Group’s major businesses
and regulators.                                                              also attend Group Risk Committee meetings on a rotational
                                                                             participating basis.
2 Risk governance                                                            Risk culture is a strategic priority of the Board, which recognises its
                                                                             importance in the way that the Group conducts business. A Group-
a System of governance




                                                                                                                                                       Financial statements
                                                                             wide culture framework is in place, unifying the Group towards its
Prudential has in place a system of governance that embeds a
                                                                             overarching purpose of helping our customers get the most out of life.
clear ownership of risk, together with risk policies and standards
                                                                             The RSWG supports its responsibilities in relation to implementation
to enable risks to be identified, measured and assessed, managed
                                                                             of the culture framework, as well as embedding the culture aspects
and controlled, monitored and reported. The Group Risk Framework,
                                                                             of the Group’s ESG strategic framework and overseeing progress
owned by the Board, details Prudential’s risk governance, risk
                                                                             on diversity and inclusion initiatives. The culture framework provides
management processes and risk appetite. The Group’s risk
                                                                             principles and values that are embedded in the ways of working
governance arrangements are based on the ‘three lines’ model.
                                                                             across the Group’s functions and locations and defines how
The ‘first line’ is responsible for taking and managing risk, while the
                                                                             Prudential expects business to be conducted to achieve its strategic
‘second line’ provides additional challenge, expertise, oversight and
                                                                             objectives, informs expectations of leadership and supports the




                                                                                                                                                       European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
scrutiny. The role of the ‘third line’, assumed by the independent
                                                                             resilience and sustainability of the Group. The components of the
Group-wide Internal Audit function, is to provide objective assurance
                                                                             culture framework support sound risk management practices by
on the design, effectiveness and implementation of the overall
                                                                             requiring a focus on customers, longer-term goals and sustainability,
system of internal control. The Group-wide RCS function reviews,
                                                                             the avoidance of excessive risk-taking, and highlighting acceptable
assesses, oversees and reports on the Group’s aggregate risk
                                                                             and unacceptable behaviours. This is supported through the inclusion
exposure and solvency position from an economic, regulatory and
                                                                             of risk and sustainability considerations in performance management
credit ratings perspective.
                                                                             for key executives; the building of appropriate skills and capabilities
In 2022, a review of committees across the Group’s head office               in risk management; and by ensuring that employees understand
was undertaken to ensure continued appropriateness of the level              and care about their role in managing risk through open discussions,
of Group governance that promotes individual accountability in               collaboration and engagement. The Group Risk Committee has a
decision-making and supports the overall corporate governance                key role in providing advice to the Remuneration Committee on
framework to provide sound and prudent management and oversight of           risk management considerations to be applied in respect of
the Group’s business. The Group constituted a new Group Investment           executive remuneration.
Committee, chaired by the Group Chief Financial Officer, which was
                                                                             Prudential’s Group Code of Business Conduct and Group Governance
accompanied by the approval of a revised Group Investment Policy, for
                                                                             Manual, supported by the Group’s risk-related policies, include
the oversight of all investment activities and in line with GWS Framework
                                                                             guiding principles on the day-to-day conduct of all its people and any




                                                                                                                                                       Additional information
requirements. During 2022, oversight responsibilities for the Group’s
                                                                             organisations acting on its behalf. Supporting policies include those
reporting against the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-
                                                                             related to financial crime, covering anti-money laundering, sanctions,
Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the ongoing implementation
                                                                             anti-bribery and corruption and conduct. The Group’s third-party and
of the Group’s climate-focused commitments, as part of the Group’s ESG
                                                                             outsourcing policy requires that human rights and modern slavery
strategic framework, were transferred from the Board-established
                                                                             considerations are embedded across all of its supplier and supply
Responsibility & Sustainability Working Group (RSWG) to the Group Risk
                                                                             chain arrangements. Procedures to allow individuals to speak out
Committee with the RSWG retaining its focus on overseeing the culture,
                                                                             safely and anonymously against unethical behaviour and conduct
customer and digital aspects of the framework.
                                                                             are also in place.

                                                                                                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   51
Risk review / continued




Further details on the Group’s ESG governance arrangements              iii. Risk appetite, limits and triggers
and strategic framework are included in the Group’s ESG Report.         The Group is cognisant of the interests of the broad spectrum
                                                                        of its stakeholders (including customers, investors, employees,
ii. The risk management cycle
                                                                        communities and key business partners) and that a managed
Risk identification
                                                                        acceptance of risk lies at the heart of its business. The Group seeks
In accordance with provision 28 of the UK Corporate Governance
                                                                        to generate stakeholder value by selectively taking exposure to risks,
Code and the GWS guidelines issued by the Hong Kong IA, a
                                                                        mitigated to the extent it is cost-effective to do so, and where these
top-down and bottom-up process is in place to support Group-wide
                                                                        are an outcome of its chosen business activities and strategy. Those
identification of principal risks. An emerging risk identification
                                                                        risks for which the Group has no tolerance are actively avoided. The
framework exists to support the Group’s preparations in managing
                                                                        Group’s systems, procedures and controls are designed to manage
financial and non-financial risks expected to crystallise beyond the
                                                                        risk appropriately, and its approach to resilience and recovery aims
short-term horizon. The Board performs a robust assessment and
                                                                        to maintain the Group’s ability and flexibility to respond in times
analysis of these principal and emerging risk themes through the risk
                                                                        of stress.
identification process, the Group Own Risk and Solvency Assessment
(ORSA) report and the risk assessments undertaken as part of the        Qualitative and quantitative expressions of risk appetite are defined
business planning review, including how they are managed and            and operationalised through risk limits, triggers and indicators. The
mitigated, which supports decision-making.                              RCS function reviews the appropriateness of these measures at least
                                                                        annually. The Board approves changes to the Group’s aggregate risk
The Group’s emerging risk identification process recognises the
                                                                        appetite and the Group Risk Committee has delegated authority to
dynamic materiality of emerging risk themes. This has been shown by
                                                                        approve changes to the system of limits, triggers and indicators.
recent events such as the Covid-19 pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine
conflict, and this concept is also considered relevant in the context   Group risk appetite is defined and monitored in aggregate by the
of the Group’s monitoring of emerging themes relevant to ESG and        setting of objectives for its capital requirements, liquidity, and
climate-related risks, including reputation risk.                       non-financial risk exposure, covering risks to stakeholders, including
                                                                        those from participating and third-party businesses. Group limits
The ORSA is the ongoing process of identifying, measuring and
                                                                        operate within these expressions of risk appetite to constrain material
assessing, managing and controlling, monitoring and reporting the
                                                                        risks, while triggers and indicators provide additional defined points
risks to which the business is exposed. It includes an assessment of
                                                                        for escalation. The Group Risk Committee, supported by the RCS
capital adequacy to ensure that the Group’s solvency needs are met
                                                                        function, is responsible for reviewing the risks inherent in the Group’s
at all times, as well as stress and scenario testing, which includes
                                                                        business plan and for providing the Board with a view on the risk/
climate scenarios and reverse stress testing. The latter requires the
                                                                        reward trade-offs and the resulting impact to the Group’s aggregated
Group to ascertain the point of business model failure and is another
                                                                        position relative to Group risk appetite and limits, including non-
tool that helps to identify the key risks and scenarios that may have
                                                                        financial risk considerations.
a material impact on the Group. The risk profile assessment is a key
output from the risk identification and risk measurement processes      a.		Capital requirements. Limits on capital requirements aim
and is used as a basis for setting Group-wide limits, management             to ensure that in both business as usual and stressed conditions,
information, assessment of solvency needs, and determining                   the Group maintains adequate capital in excess of internal
appropriate stress and scenario testing. The Group’s principal risks,        economic capital requirements, achieves its desired target
which are reported and managed by the Group with enhanced focus,             credit rating to meet its business objectives, and supervisory
are reviewed and updated on a regular basis.                                 intervention is avoided. The two measures in use at the Group
                                                                             level are the GWS group capital requirements and internal
Risk measurement and assessment
                                                                             economic capital requirements, determined by the Group
All identified risks are assessed based on an appropriate
                                                                             Internal Economic Capital Assessment (GIECA).
methodology for that risk. Quantifiable risks, which are material and
mitigated by holding capital, are modelled in the Group’s internal      b.		Liquidity. The objective of the Group’s liquidity risk appetite is
model, which is used to determine the Group Internal Economic                to ensure that appropriate cash resources are available to meet
Capital Assessment (GIECA) and is subject to independent validation          financial obligations as they fall due in both business as usual
and processes and controls around model changes and limitations.             and stressed scenarios. This is measured using a liquidity
                                                                             coverage ratio which considers the sources of liquidity against
Risk management and control
                                                                             liquidity requirements under stress scenarios.
The Group’s control procedures and systems focus on aligning
the levels of risk-taking with the Group’s strategy and can only        Non-financial risks. In 2022, the Group implemented the revised
provide reasonable, and not absolute, assurance against material        Non-Financial Risk Appetite Framework, aiming to adopt an
misstatement or loss. The Group’s risk policies define the Group’s      approach framed around the perspectives of its varied stakeholders
appetite to material risks and set out the risk management and          and taking into account current and expected changes in the external
control requirements to limit exposure to these risks. These policies   environment, and rolled out a simplification of the limit and trigger
also set out the processes to enable the measurement and                appetite thresholds for non-financial risk categories across the
management of these risks in a consistent and coherent way,             Group’s locations. The Group accepts a degree of non-financial risk
including the flows of management information required. The             exposure as an outcome of its chosen business activities and strategy.
methods and risk management tools employed to mitigate each             It aims to manage these risks effectively to maintain its operational
of the Group’s principal risks are detailed in section 3 below.         resilience and its commitments to customers and all stakeholders
                                                                        and avoid material adverse financial loss or impact to its reputation.
Risk monitoring and reporting
The Group’s principal risks are highlighted in the management
information received by the Group Risk Committee and the
Board, which also includes key exposures against appetite
and developments in the Group’s principal and emerging risks.




52                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                              prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                               Group overview
                                                              Risk management


Risk identification                                                                 Risk measurement and assessment
Risk identification covers Group-wide:                                              Risks are assessed in terms of materiality.



                                                                                                                                               Strategic report
                                                                                    Material risks which are modelled are included
1 Top-down risk identification                                                      in appropriately validated capital models.
2 Bottom-up risk identification
3 Emerging risk identification




                                                                                           Risk
                                                                                                                                               Governance
                                                                                                me
                                                                                                  as
                                       n                                                            ur
                                   atio                                                               em
                                  c                                                                     e
                  Ris
                                                                                                                                ent
                     k id              Risk governance                                 Business
                                                                                                                             ssm
                         en               and culture                                  strategy
                                                                                                                          sse
                           tifiRisk governance comprises the Board,       Business strategy and the business plan
                                organisational structures, reporting      provide direction on future growth and
                                                                                                                        da



                                                                                                                                               Directors’ remuneration report
                               relationships, delegation of authority,      inform the level of limits on solvency,
                                                                                                                      an
                                                                                                                   nt
                                  roles and responsibilities, and risk     liquidity and for our key risks. The RCS
                                   policies. The Group-wide culture          function provides input and opinion
                             framework includes principles and values        on key aspects of business strategy.
                             that define how business is to achieve its
                             strategic objectives, inform expectations
                               of leadership and guide ESG activities.




                                           Capital                                   Stress and
                                         management                               scenario testing


                                                                                                                                               Financial statements
                                   Capital adequacy is monitored to            Stress and scenario testing is
                                  ensure that internal and regulatory       performed to assess the robustness
                                    capital requirements are met,            of capital adequacy and liquidity,
                                     and that solvency buffers are              and the appropriateness of
                                    appropriate, over the business             risk limits. Recovery planning
                                  planning horizon and under stress.           assesses the effectiveness of
                                                                              the Group’s recovery measures    ea
                          or
                                                                                  and the appropriateness        nd
                       nit                                                           of activation points.          co




                                                                                                                                               European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                     Mo                                                                                               ntr
                               nd                                                                                        ol
                             a                                                                                g
                                  re
                                    po                                                                     ana
                                      rt                                                                  M




Monitor and report                                                                  Manage and control
Escalation requirements in the event of a breach are                                Risk appetite and limits allow for the controlled growth
clearly defined. Risk reporting provides regular updates                            of the Group’s business, in line with business strategy
to the Group’s Board and Risk committees on exposures                               and plan. Processes that support the oversight and
against Board-approved appetite statements and limits.                              control of risks include:




                                                                                                                                               Additional information
Reporting also covers the Group’s principal risks.
                                                                                    1 The Risk and Control Self-Assessment process
                                                                                    2 The Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA)
                                                                                    3 Group-approved limits and early warning triggers
                                                                                    4 Large risk approval process
                                                                                    5 Global counterparty limit framework
                                                                                    6 Critical incidents procedures
                                                                                    7 	Stress and scenario testing, including
                                                                                         reverse stress testing

                                                                                                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    53
Risk review / continued




3 The Group’s principal risks                                                   business. The Group’s principal risks, which are not exhaustive,
                                                                                are detailed below. The Group’s risk management cycle (detailed
The delivery of the Group’s strategy in building long-term value for            above) includes within its scope the processes for prioritising and
its shareholders and other stakeholders, focusing on high-growth                determining the relative significance of ESG and climate-related risks,
business in Asia and Africa, exposes Prudential to risks. The                   as well as those associated with implementing the Group’s externally
materialisation of these risks within the Group or in its joint ventures,       communicated commitments. The Group’s 2022 ESG Report includes
associates or key third-party partners may have a financial impact and          further detail on the ESG and climate-related risks which contribute to
may affect the performance of products or services or the fulfilment            the materiality of the Group’s principal risks detailed below, including
of commitments to customers and other stakeholders, with an                     those related to the Group’s operational and financial resilience, data
adverse impact on Prudential’s brand and reputation. This report is             privacy requirements and expectations, the regulatory landscape
focused mainly on risks to the shareholder but includes those which             and the implementation of the Group’s strategy. The Group’s Risk
arise indirectly through policyholder exposures and third-party                 Factor disclosures can be found at the end of this document.



  Risks to the Group’s financial situation
  (including those from the external macroeconomic and geopolitical environment)

  The global economic and geopolitical environment may impact on the Group directly by affecting trends in financial markets and asset
  values, as well as driving short-term volatility.
  Risks in this category include the market risks to our investments and the credit quality of our investment portfolio as well as liquidity risk.


  Global economic and geopolitical conditions
  With geopolitical tensions high as national alliances and blocs               drive the operating environment and risk landscape for the Group
  evolve, the jostling of the current world order and the increasing            and the level of its exposure to the principal risks outlined below.
  prioritisation of national security widely defined has become
  a key determinant of macroeconomic policy, with geopolitical                  Macroeconomic and geopolitical developments are considered
  and macroeconomic uncertainties being intertwined. Geopolitical               material to the Group and can potentially increase operational and
  developments and tensions, macroeconomic conditions, and                      business disruption, regulatory and financial market risks, and have
  broad policy-driven regulatory developments (see below), at times             the potential to directly impact Prudential’s sales and distribution
  interconnected in the speed and manner in which they evolve,                  networks, as well as its reputation. The potential impacts to the
                                                                                Group are included in the disclosures on Risk Factors.


  Market risks to our investments
  (Audited)
  The value of Prudential’s investments is impacted by fluctuations             > The monitoring and oversight of market risks through
  in equity prices, interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange              the regular reporting of management information;
  rates and property prices. Although inflation remains at decades-             > Regular deep dive assessments; and
  level highs, the Group’s direct exposure to inflation remains modest.         > The Group Critical Incident Procedure (GCIP), which defines
  Exposure mainly arises through an increase in medical claims                    specific governance to be invoked in the event of a critical
  obligations, driven by rising medical import prices. This exposure              incident, such as a significant market, liquidity or credit-related
  can be effectively managed by the business’ well-established                    event. This includes, where necessary, the convening of a
  practice and ability to reprice products. Challenges for insurers               Critical Incident Group (CIG) to oversee, coordinate, and
  linked to affordability and existing challenges in persistency are              where appropriate, direct activities during a critical incident.
  detailed in the Insurance Risks section below.
                                                                                Interest rate risk, including asset liability management (ALM).
  The Group has appetite for market risk where it arises from                   Interest rate risk is driven by the impact of the valuation of
  profit-generating insurance activities to the extent that it remains          Prudential’s assets (particularly government and corporate bonds)
  part of a balanced portfolio of sources of income for shareholders            and liabilities, which are dependent on market interest rates.
  and is compatible with a robust solvency position. The Group’s                Prudential’s appetite for interest rate risk requires that assets and
  market risks are managed and mitigated by the following:                      liabilities should be tightly matched for exposures where assets or
  > The Group market risk policy;                                               derivatives exist that can cover these exposures. Interest rate risk
  > Risk appetite statements, limits and triggers;                              is accepted where this cannot be hedged, provided that this arises
                                                                                from profitable products and to the extent that such interest rate
  > The Group’s capital and asset liability management committees;              risk exposure remains part of a balanced exposure to risks and is
  > Asset and liability management activities, which include                    compatible with a robust solvency position.
    management actions such as changes in asset allocation, bonus
    revisions, repricing and the use of reinsurance where appropriate;          Sustained inflationary pressures have driven interest rates higher,
  > The Group Investment Committee and Group Investment Policy;                 these have the potential to increase further in the near-to-medium
  > Hedging using derivatives, including currency forwards, interest            term, and may impact the valuation of fixed income investments
    rate futures and swaps, and equity futures;                                 and reduce fee income.




54                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                        prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                     Group overview




Risks to the Group’s financial situation (including those from the external macroeconomic and geopolitical environment)
continued


Market risks to our investments                                                                                                                      Strategic report
(continued)
The Group’s risk exposure to rising interest rates also arises from the     Equity and property investment risk. The shareholder exposure
potential impact to the present value of future fees for unit-linked        to equity price movements arises from various sources, including
based businesses, such as in Indonesia and Malaysia, as well as the         from unit-linked products where fee income is linked to the market
impact to the present value of the future profits for accident and          value of funds under management. Exposure also arises from


                                                                                                                                                     Governance
health products, such as in Hong Kong. Exposure to higher interest          with-profits businesses through potential fluctuations in the value
rates also arises from the potential impact to the value of fixed           of future shareholders’ profits and where bonuses declared are
income assets in the shareholder funds.                                     based broadly on historical and current rates of return from the
                                                                            business’s investment portfolios, which include equities. The Group
The Group’s risk exposure to lower/decreased interest rates arises
                                                                            has limited acceptance for exposures to equity risk, but accepts the
from the guarantees of some non-unit-linked products with a
                                                                            equity exposure that arises on future fees (including shareholder
savings component, including the Hong Kong and Singapore
                                                                            transfers from the with-profits business).
with-profits and non-profit businesses. This exposure results from
the potential for an asset and liability mismatch, where long-dated         The material exposures to equity risk in the Group’s businesses
liabilities and guarantees are backed by short-dated assets.                include CPL’s exposure to equity risk through investments in equity




                                                                                                                                                     Directors’ remuneration report
When this duration mismatch is not eliminated, it is monitored              assets for most of its products, including participating and non-
and managed through local risk and asset liability management               participating savings products and protection and investment-linked
committees and Group risk limits consistent with the Group’s                products. The Hong Kong business and, to a lesser extent, the
appetite for interest rate risk.                                            Singapore business contribute to the Group’s equity risk exposure due
                                                                            to the equity assets backing participating products. The Indonesia
The Group-level Capital and ALM Committee is a management
                                                                            and Malaysia businesses are exposed to equity risk through their
committee supporting the identification, assessment and
                                                                            unit-linked products, and in the case of Malaysia exposure also
management of key financial risks to the achievement of the
                                                                            arises from participating and investment-linked business.
Group’s business objectives. The Committee also oversees ALM,
solvency and liquidity risks of the local businesses as well as the         Foreign exchange risk. The geographical diversity of Prudential’s
declaration and management of non-guaranteed benefits for                   businesses means that it has some exposure to the risk of foreign
participating and universal life lines of business. Local business          exchange rate fluctuations. Some entities within the Group write
units are responsible for the management of their own asset                 policies, invest in assets or enter into other transactions in local




                                                                                                                                                     Financial statements
and liability positions, with appropriate governance in place.              currencies or currencies not linked to the Group’s reporting/
                                                                            functional currency, the US dollar. Although this limits the effect of
The objective of the local business unit ALM process is to meet
                                                                            exchange rate movements on local operating results, it can lead to
policyholder liabilities with the returns generated from the
                                                                            fluctuations in the Group’s US dollar-reported financial statements.
investment assets held, while maintaining the financial strength
                                                                            This risk is accepted within the Group’s appetite for foreign
of capital and solvency positions. The ALM strategy adopted
                                                                            exchange risk. In cases where a non-US dollar denominated surplus
by the local business units considers the liability profile and
                                                                            arises in an operation which is to be used to support Group capital
related assumptions of in-force business and new products to
                                                                            or shareholders’ interest (i.e. remittances), this currency exposure
appropriately manage investment risk within ALM risk appetite,
                                                                            may be hedged where considered economically favourable.
under different scenarios in accordance with policyholders’




                                                                                                                                                     European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                                            Further, the Group generally does not have appetite for significant
reasonable expectations, and economic and local regulatory
                                                                            direct shareholder exposure to foreign exchange risks in currencies
requirements. Factors such as the availability of matching
                                                                            outside the markets in which it operates, but it does have some
assets, diversification, currency and duration are considered as
                                                                            appetite for this on fee income and on equity investments within
appropriate. The assumptions and methodology used in the
                                                                            the with-profits funds. Where foreign exchange risk arises outside
measurement of assets and liabilities for ALM purposes conform
                                                                            appetite, currency swaps and other derivatives are used to manage
with local solvency regulations. Assessments are carried out on an
                                                                            the exposure.
economic basis which conforms to the Group’s internal economic
capital methodology.



Liquidity risk
(Audited)
Prudential’s liquidity risk arises from the need to have sufficient         derivatives transactions require a sudden significant need of liquid
liquid assets to meet policyholder and third-party payments as              assets or cash to post as collateral to meet derivatives margin
they fall due, considered under both business-as-usual and stressed         requirements, or where redemption requests are made against




                                                                                                                                                     Additional information
conditions. It includes the risk arising from funds composed of             funds managed for external clients (both retail and institutional).
illiquid assets and results from a mismatch between the liquidity           Liquidity risk is considered material at the level of the Group.
profile of assets and liabilities. Liquidity risk may impact on market      Prudential has no appetite for any business to have insufficient
conditions and valuation of assets in a more uncertain way than for         resources to cover its outgoing cash flows, or for the Group as a
other risks like interest rate or credit risk. It may arise, for example,   whole to not meet cash flow requirements from its debt obligations
where external capital is unavailable at sustainable cost, where            under any plausible scenario.




                                                                                                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   55
Risk review / continued




 Risks to the Group’s financial situation (including those from the external macroeconomic and geopolitical environment)
 continued


 Liquidity risk
 (continued)
 The Group has significant internal sources of liquidity sufficient to     > Regular assessment and reporting by the Group and business
 meet its expected cash requirements for at least 12 months from             units of Liquidity Coverage Ratios which are calculated under
 the date the financial statements are approved, without having              both base case and stressed scenarios;
 to resort to external sources of funding. The Group has a total of        > The Group’s Liquidity Risk Management Plan, which includes
 $2.6 billion of undrawn committed facilities that can be made use           details of the Group Liquidity Risk Framework as well as analysis
 of, expiring in 2026. Access to further liquidity is available through      of Group and business units liquidity risks and the adequacy
 the debt capital markets and the Group’s extensive commercial               of available liquidity resources under business-as-usual and
 paper programme. Prudential has maintained a consistent                     stressed conditions;
 presence as an issuer in the market for the past decade.                  > The Group’s Collateral Management Framework, which sets out
 A number of risk management tools are used to manage                        the approach to ensuring business units using derivatives have
 and mitigate liquidity risk, including the following:                       sufficient liquid assets or ability to raise liquidity to meet
                                                                             derivatives margins;
 > The Group’s liquidity risk policy;                                      > The Group’s contingency plans and identified sources of liquidity;
 > Risk appetite statements, limits and triggers;                          > The Group’s ability to access the money and debt capital
                                                                             markets; and
                                                                           > The Group’s access to external committed credit facilities.


 Credit risk
 (Audited)
 Credit risk is the potential for loss resulting from a borrower’s         A number of risk management tools are used to manage and
 failure to meet its contractual debt obligation(s). Counterparty risk,    mitigate credit and counterparty credit risk, including the following:
 a type of credit risk, is the probability that a counterparty to a
 transaction defaults on its contractual obligation(s) causing the         > A credit risk policy and dealing and controls policy;
 other counterparty to suffer a loss. These risks arise from the           > Risk appetite statements and portfolio-level limits that have
 Group’s investments in bonds, reinsurance arrangements,                     been defined on issuers, and counterparties;
 derivative contracts with third parties, and its cash deposits with       > Collateral arrangements for derivative, secured lending reverse
 banks. Credit spread risk, another type of credit risk, arises when         repurchase and reinsurance transactions which aim to provide
 the interest rate/return on a loan or bond is disproportionately low        a high level of credit protection;
 compared with another investment with a lower risk of default.            > The Group Executive Risk Committee and Group Investment
 Invested credit and counterparty risks are considered a material            Committee’s oversight of credit and counterparty credit risk
 risk for the Group’s business units.                                        and sector and/or name-specific reviews;
 The Group’s holdings across its life portfolios are mostly in local       > Regular assessments, including of individual and sector
 currency and with a largely domestic investor base, which provides          exposures subject to elevated credit risks; and
 support to these positions. These portfolios are generally                > Close monitoring or restrictions on investments that may
 positioned towards high-quality names, including those with either          be of concern.
 government or considerable parent company balance sheet                   The total debt securities at 31 December 2022 for the Group’s
 support. Areas which the Group is actively monitoring include the         continuing operations were $77.0 billion (31 December 2021:
 developments in the Chinese Mainland property development                 $99.1 billion). The majority (70 per cent) of the portfolio is in
 sector and the impacts of rising inflation and the tightening of          unit-linked and with-profits funds. The remaining 30 per cent
 monetary policy in the Group’s key markets, as well as high               of the debt portfolio is held to back the shareholder business.
 indebtedness in sub-Saharan African countries. The impacts of
 these trends, which are being closely monitored, include potential        Group sovereign debt. Prudential invests in bonds issued by
 for deterioration in the credit quality of the Group’s invested credit    national governments. This sovereign debt holding of the Group’s
 exposures, particularly due to rising funding costs and overall credit    operations represented 46 per cent or $10.5 billion1 of the
 risks, and the extent of downward pressure on the fair value of the       shareholder debt portfolio of the Group’s operations as at
 Group’s portfolios. The Group’s portfolio is generally well diversified   31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: 47 per cent or $14.2 billion
 in relation to individual counterparties, although counterparty           of the shareholder debt portfolio for the Group’s continuing
 concentration is monitored in particular in local markets where           operations). The particular risks associated with holding sovereign
 depth (and therefore the liquidity of such investments) may be low.       debt are detailed further in the disclosures on Risk Factors.
 Prudential actively reviews its investment portfolio to improve the       The exposures held by the shareholder-backed business and
 robustness and resilience of the solvency position. The Group has         with-profits funds in sovereign debt securities at 31 December 2022
 appetite to take credit risk to the extent that it remains part of a      are given in note C1 of the Group’s IFRS financial statements.
 balanced portfolio of sources of income for shareholders and is
 compatible with a robust solvency position. Further detail on the         Corporate debt portfolio. In the shareholder-backed business,
 Group’s debt portfolio is provided below.                                 corporate debt exposures totalled $11.5 billion of which
                                                                           $10.2 billion or 89 per cent were investment grade rated.



56               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                   prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                    Group overview




Risks to the Group’s financial situation (including those from the external macroeconomic and geopolitical environment)
continued


Credit risk                                                                                                                                         Strategic report
(continued)
Bank debt exposure and counterparty credit risk. The banking               At 31 December 2022:
sector represents a material concentration in the Group’s corporate
debt portfolio which largely reflects the composition of the fixed         > 89 per cent of the Group’s shareholder portfolio (excluding all
income markets across the regions in which Prudential is invested.           government and government-related debt) is investment grade
                                                                             rated2. In particular, 55 per cent of the portfolio is rated2 A- and

                                                                                                                                                    Governance
As such, exposure to banks is a key part of its core investments,
                                                                             above (or equivalent); and
as well as being important for the hedging and other activities
undertaken to manage its various financial risks. Exposure to the          > The Group’s shareholder portfolio is well diversified: no individual
sector is considered a material risk for the Group. Derivative and           sector3 makes up more than 13 per cent of the total portfolio
reinsurance counterparty credit risk exposure is managed using an            (excluding the financial and sovereign sectors).
array of risk management tools, including a comprehensive system
of limits. Prudential manages the level of its counterparty credit
risk by reducing its exposure, buying credit protection or using
additional collateral arrangements where appropriate.




                                                                                                                                                    Directors’ remuneration report
The Group’s sustainability and ESG-related risks


These include sustainability risks associated with environmental considerations such as climate change (including physical and transition risks),
social risks arising from diverse stakeholder commitments and expectations and governance-related risks.


Material risks associated with key ESG themes may undermine the            Regulatory interest and developments continue to increase
sustainability of a business by adversely impacting its reputation         globally and in Asia, and ESG and sustainability-related risks are




                                                                                                                                                    Financial statements
and brand, ability to attract and retain customers, employees and          high on the agenda of both local regulators and international
distribution and other business partners, and increasing litigation        supervisory bodies such as the International Association of
risks, and therefore the results of its operations and delivery of its     Insurance Supervisors (IAIS) and the International Sustainability
strategy and long-term financial success. Prudential seeks to              Standards Board (ISSB), which is progressing on ESG and
manage sustainability risks and their potential impact on its              sustainability-related disclosure requirements. The Group continues
business and stakeholders through a focus on the Group’s purpose           to actively engage with, and respond to, discussions, consultations
to ‘help people get the most out of life’, and transparent and             and supervisory information-gathering exercises. Details of the
consistent implementation of its strategy in its markets and across        Group’s sustainability and ESG-related risks are included in the
operational, underwriting and investment activities. The Group’s           disclosure on Risk Factors.




                                                                                                                                                    European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
strategy includes a focus on supporting a just and inclusive
transition to a lower-carbon global economy that places the                As local regulatory requirements on climate risk management
societies of developing markets at the forefront of considerations,        and disclosures develop, the Group continues to leverage and share
as well as providing greater and more inclusive access to good             its Group-wide experience and knowledge with its local businesses
health and financial security that meets the changing needs of             on their ESG policies and approaches, both to provide support and
societies, promotes responsible stewardship in managing the                to help drive consistency in their continuing embedment across
human impact of climate change and building human and social               Prudential’s businesses. The Group Risk Framework continues to be
capital with its broad range of stakeholders. It is enabled by strong      critically evaluated and updated where required to ensure both ESG
internal governance, sound business practices and a responsible            and sustainability-related considerations and risks to the Group,
investment approach, with ESG considerations integrated into               and the external impact from the Group’s activities, are
investment processes and decisions and the performance of                  appropriately captured.
fiduciary and stewardship duties, including voting and active              Risk management and mitigation of ESG sustainability risks
engagement decisions with respect to investee companies, as both           at Prudential include the following:
an asset owner and an asset manager. With the update to the
Board committee oversight responsibilities noted in section 1              > A focus on enhancing access to good health and financial
above, climate risk, the Group’s reporting against the                       security, and in connection with our stakeholders, ensuring
recommendations of the TCFD and progress on the Group’s                      responsible stewardship of climate and ESG related issues;
                                                                             clear governance arrangements, both in the definition of




                                                                                                                                                    Additional information
external climate-related commitments will be a priority focus for
the Group Risk Committee for 2023.                                           the roles and responsibilities of the Board and management
                                                                             committees for aspects of ESG and sustainability risks and
                                                                             through the Group Governance Manual, which include ESG
                                                                             and responsible business practice-linked policies, and the
                                                                             Group Code of Business Conduct;




                                                                                                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   57
Risk review / continued




 The Group’s sustainability and ESG-related risks
 continued


 > The continued embedding of ESG and sustainability risk                     – Deep dives into ESG themes, including climate-related risks,
   within the Group Risk Framework and risk processes, including:                and Board-level training sessions.
   – Consideration of the potential for dynamically-changing                > Integrating ESG considerations into investment processes
     materiality in emerging environmental, social and governance             and responsible supply chain management; and
     themes and risks through emerging risk identification and              > Participation in networks and industry forums and working
     evaluation processes;                                                    groups such as the Net Zero Asset Owner Alliance (NZAOA),
   – Definition of appropriate (and longer) time horizons with respect        Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI) and CRO Forum to
     to climate risk management and the requirement to consider               further develop understanding and support collaborative action
     time horizons where required in risk-based decision-making;              in relation to ESG sustainability risks such as climate change
   – Reflection in the risk taxonomy that the Group can be both               and promoting a just and inclusive transition.
     impacted by ESG/sustainability issues as well as having an             Further information on the Group’s ESG governance and ESG
     impact on these in the external world (‘double materiality’);          strategic framework, as well as the management of material
   – The applicability of the Group’s Model Risk and UDA Risk Policy        ESG themes, are included in the Group’s ESG Report.
     to the tools used for the aggregation of the Group’s carbon
     intensity metrics across its investment portfolios; and




 Risks from the nature of our business and our industry

 These include the Group’s non-financial risks (including operational and transformation risks from significant change activity), the customer
 conduct risks and insurance risks assumed by the Group in providing its products, and risks related to regulatory compliance.


 Non-financial risks
 The complexity of Prudential, its activities and the extent of             ongoing. Further detail on the risks to the Group associated with
 transformation in progress creates a challenging operating                 large-scale transformation and complex strategic initiatives is
 environment and exposure to a variety of non-financial risks.              included in the disclosures on Risk Factors.
 These risks are considered to be material at a Group level.
                                                                            The Group therefore aims to ensure that, for both transformation
 Operational risk. This is the risk of loss (or unintended gain or          and strategic initiatives, strong programme governance is in place
 profit) arising from inadequate or failed internal processes,              with embedded risk expertise to achieve ongoing and nimble risk
 personnel or systems and external events, and may arise from               oversight, with regular risk monitoring and reporting to risk
 employee error, model error, system failures, fraud or other events        committees. Transformation risk oversight operates alongside the
 which disrupt business processes or which have a detrimental               Group’s existing risk policies and frameworks to ensure appropriate
 impact to customers. Prudential accepts a degree of non-financial          governance and controls are in place to mitigate these risks.
 risk exposure as an outcome of its chosen business activities and
 strategy. It aims to manage these risks effectively to maintain its        Outsourcing and third-party risks. The Group’s outsourcing
 operational resilience and its commitments to customers and all            and third-party relationships require distinct oversight and risk
 stakeholders and avoid material adverse financial loss or impact           management processes. The Group has a number of important
 on its reputation.                                                         third-party relationships, both with market counterparties and
                                                                            outsourcing partners, including distribution, technology and
 Transformation risk. Transformation risk remains a material risk           ecosystem providers. In Asia, the Group maintains material
 for Prudential, with a number of significant change programmes             strategic partnerships and bancassurance arrangements. These
 under way which, if not delivered and executed effectively to              arrangements support the delivery of high level and cost-effective
 defined timelines, scope and cost, may negatively impact its               services to customers, but also create a reliance on the operational
 operational capability, control environment, reputation, and ability       resilience and performance of outsourcing and business partners.
 to deliver its strategy and maintain market competitiveness.               The Group’s requirements for the management of material
 Prudential’s current portfolio of transformation and significant           outsourcing arrangements have been incorporated in its Group
 change programmes include (i) the implementation of large scale            third-party supply and outsourcing policy, aligned to the
 regulatory changes; (ii) the expansion of the Group’s digital              requirements of the Hong Kong IA’s GWS Framework, and which
 capabilities and use of technology, platforms and analytics; and           outlines the governance in place in respect of material outsourcing
 (iii) improvement of business efficiencies through operating model         and third-party arrangements and the Group’s monitoring and risk
 changes, including those relating to the Group’s central, asset            assessment framework. This ensures that appropriate contract
 management and investment oversight functions. Programmes                  performance and risk mitigation measures are in place over these
 related to regulatory/industry change, such as those required to           arrangements. Third-party management is also included and
 effect the discontinuation of inter-bank offered rates (IBORs) in          embedded in the Group-wide operational risk framework
 their current form and the implementation of IFRS 17, are also             (see below).




58               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                  prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                    Group overview




Risks from the nature of our business and our industry
continued


Non-financial risks                                                                                                                                 Strategic report
(continued)
Information security and data privacy risk. Risks related                  The key material risks can be summarised into three threat areas:
to malicious attacks on Prudential systems, service disruption,            (i) ransomware attacks, (ii) supply chain compromise and
exfiltration of data, loss of data integrity and the impact on the         (iii) service disruption caused by cyber threats. In order for the
privacy of our customer data continue to be prevalent, particularly        Group to manage these risks effectively, the security strategy


                                                                                                                                                    Governance
as the accessibility of attacking tools available to potential             encompasses the ongoing maturity and development of protective
adversaries increases. The frequency and sophistication of attacks,        and detective controls, while further expanding and uplifting its
particularly in relation to ransomware, continues to grow globally.        ability to react to and recover from successful attacks on both the
With a rapidly transforming technological landscape, continued             Group’s system as well as third-party partner systems.
expansion of Cloud services, including the adoption of a hybrid
multi-cloud strategy partnering with third-party service providers,        The Group’s Information Security and Privacy strategy is structured
and the increased scrutiny from regulators against a backdrop              with three key pillars:
of tightening data privacy regulations across Asia, security and           > Defending the nation – To expand coverage and maturity of
privacy risks are material at the Group level. To mitigate the risk, the     protective and detective security controls in response to both
Group has adopted a holistic risk management approach, not only




                                                                                                                                                    Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                             the changing technology landscape, such as the adoption of
to prevent and disrupt potential attacks against Prudential systems          new Cloud services, as well as the heightened threat actor risks.
but to also manage the recovery process should an attack take                Within this pillar, continued focus on Africa business units
place successfully. It is also well understood that some attacks             remains in order to ensure the same maturity level as Asia-based
will still be successful despite the layered security control defence-       business units is achieved.
in-depth methodology that Prudential and other mature                      > Cyber resilience – To build on a number of existing security
organisations assume, and so it is essential that the Group’s security       processes and formalise the development of an integrated
strategy encompasses a cyber resilience theme focusing on its                cross-functional incident management framework that is
ability to respond and recover from an attack in order to maintain           regularly tried and tested. This includes further aligning Group
its reputation and customer trust.                                           incident management plans, business unit incident
Globally, ransomware and distributed denial of services (DDoS)               management plans and cyber security incident management
attacks have increased markedly in 2022, in part driven by the               plans along with executing a number of drills and tabletop
                                                                             exercises. The drills and exercises will be conducted at all levels




                                                                                                                                                    Financial statements
Russia-Ukraine conflict. The Group has responded swiftly by
leveraging threat intelligence information to configure security             including executive committee members and within the business
systems to mitigate any potential attacks, whether targeted or               units while bringing in critical key business partners such as cyber
collateral, from these events. Prudential also has a number of               insurance providers and forensic investigation partners.
defences in place to protect its systems from these types of               > Enabling the digital journey – To focus on introducing and
attacks, including but not limited to: (i) DDoS protection for the           building out key security controls within the digital ecosystem
Group’s websites via web application firewall services; (ii) AI-based        to ensure continued enablement of the organisation’s digital
endpoint security software; (iii) continuous security monitoring;            strategy while improving customer experience and data security
(iv) network-based intrusion detection; and (v) employee training            within the digital ecosystem.
and awareness campaigns to raise understanding of attacks                  The centralised Technology Risk Management team leverages skills,




                                                                                                                                                    European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
utilising email phishing techniques. Cyber insurance coverage is           tools and resources across different technology domains to provide
in place to provide some protection against potential financial            advisory, assurance and operations support for holistic technology
losses and the Group conducts simulation exercises for ransomware          risk management including information security and privacy. The
attacks to assess and develop the effectiveness of incident                Group Technology Risk Committee provides Group-wide oversight
responses across its businesses. Cyber-attack simulation exercises         of technology risks, including information security and privacy.
have been carried out during the year to enhance preparedness.             Technology risk management is also performed locally within
The Group has not, to date, experienced or been affected by any            business units, with inputs from business information security
cyber or data breaches which have had a material impact on                 officers and with oversight from local risk committees. The Board
its operations. However, as the Group continues to develop and             is briefed at least twice annually on cyber security and privacy by
expand digital services and emerging products, its reliance on             the Group Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) and is being
third-party service providers and business partners who specialise         engaged more closely on cyber resilience with executive-level cyber
in niche capabilities is also increasing. A number of supply chain         tabletop exercises and risk workshops conducted in 2022 and
attacks took place in 2022 with notable breaches of service                continuing in 2023 to ensure that members have the means to
disruption and infringements to data security, integrity or privacy        enable appropriate oversight and understand the latest threats
on Prudential’s service providers, which as a result directly impacted     and regulatory expectations. The Group Information Security,
the Group’s ability to service customers, maintain its reputation          Privacy and Data policies were developed to ensure compliance




                                                                                                                                                    Additional information
and comply with regulation and privacy requirements. As part               with all applicable laws and regulations, and the ethical use of
of the remedial actions, the Group has continued to enhance                customer data. In addition, these policies consider the
its third-party management process including the enhanced                  requirements of a range of supervisory guidelines including the
security due diligence process when onboarding new business                international standards on information security (ISO
partners and the ongoing monitoring of key business partners.              27001/27002) and the US National Institute of Standards and
                                                                           Technology’s Cyber Security Framework. Localised regulations or
                                                                           legal requirements are addressed by local policies or standards.



                                                                                                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   59
Risk review / continued




 Risks from the nature of our business and our industry
 continued


 Non-financial risks
 (continued)
 Model and user developed application (UDA) risk.                          key stakeholders. The BCM programme and framework covers
 Erroneous or misinterpreted tools used in core business activities,       business impact analyses, risk assessments, and the maintenance
 decision-making and reporting may have adverse consequences               and exercising of business continuity, incident management and
 for Prudential. The Group utilises various tools to perform a range       disaster recovery plans. Business disruption risks are monitored
 of operational functions including the calculation of regulatory or       by the Group Security function, with key operational effectiveness
 internal capital requirements, the valuation of assets and liabilities,   metrics and updates on specific activities reported to the Group
 determining hedging requirements, and acquiring new business              Risk Committee.
 via digital platforms. Many of these tools are an integral part of the
 information and decision-making frameworks used at Prudential             Financial crime risk. As with all financial services firms, Prudential
 and errors or limitations in these tools, or inappropriate usage,         is exposed to risks relating to money laundering (the risk that
 may lead to regulatory breaches, inappropriate decision-making,           the products or services of the Group are used by customers or
 financial loss, customer detriment, inaccurate external reporting         other third parties to transfer or conceal the proceeds of crime);
 or reputational damage.                                                   fraud (the risk that fraudulent insurance claims, transactions,
                                                                           or procurement of services, are made against or through the
 The Group has no appetite for model and UDA risk arising from             business); sanctions compliance breaches (the risk that the Group
 failures to develop, implement and monitor appropriate risk               undertakes business with individuals and entities on the lists of the
 mitigation measures. Prudential’s model and UDA risk framework            main sanctions regimes); and bribery and corruption (the risk that
 and policy applies a risk-based approach from the point of view of        employees or associated persons seek to influence the behaviour
 a broad range of stakeholders, including policyholders, in order to       of others to obtain an unfair advantage or receive benefits from
 ensure appropriate and proportionate risk management is applied           others for the same purpose).
 to all models and UDAs used across the business (including those
 under development).                                                       Prudential operates in some high-risk markets where, for example,
                                                                           the acceptance of cash premiums from customers may be common
 Prudential’s model and UDA risk is managed and mitigated using            practice, large-scale agency networks may be in operation where
 the following:                                                            sales are incentivised by commission and fees and concentration of
                                                                           exposure to politically-exposed persons may give rise to higher
 > The Group’s Model and UDA Risk Policy and relevant guidelines;          geopolitical risk exposure.
 > Annual risk assessment (including model limitations, known
   errors and approximations) of all tools used for core business          The Group-wide policies in place on anti-money laundering, fraud,
   activities, decision-making and reporting;                              sanctions and anti-bribery and corruption risks reflect the values,
 > Maintenance of appropriate documentation for tools used;                behaviours and standards that are expected across the business.
 > Implementation of controls to ensure tools are accurate and             Screening and transaction monitoring systems are in place with
   appropriately used;                                                     ongoing improvements and upgrades being implemented where
                                                                           required, and a programme of compliance control monitoring
 > Tools are subject to rigorous and independent model validation;         reviews is in place across the Group. The Group has continued
   and                                                                     to strengthen and enhance its financial crime risk management
 > Regular reporting to the RCS function and relevant risk and Board       capability through investment in advanced analytics and AI tools.
   committees to support the measurement and management of                 Proactive detective capabilities are being implemented across the
   the risk.                                                               Group and delivered through a centralised monitoring hub, to
 Technological developments, in particular in the field of artificial      further strengthen oversight of financial crime risks in the areas of
 intelligence (AI), pose new questions on risk oversight provided          procurement and third-party management. Risk assessments are
 under the Group Risk Framework. An oversight forum for the use            performed annually at higher-risk locations. Due diligence reviews
 of AI and key ethical principles apply to the use of AI by the Group.     and assessments against Prudential’s financial crime policies are
                                                                           performed as part of the Group’s business acquisition process.
 Business disruption and operational resilience risk.                      The Group continues to undertake strategic activity to monitor
 The Group continually seeks to increase business resilience through       and evaluate the evolving fraud risk landscape, mitigate the
 adaptation, planning, preparation and testing of contingency              likelihood of fraud occurring and increase the rate of detection.
 plans and its ability to respond effectively to and operate through
 disruptive incidents. Business resilience is at the core of the Group’s   The Group has in place a mature confidential reporting system
 embedded Business Continuity Management (BCM) programme                   through which employees and other stakeholders can report
 and framework that help to protect the Group’s systems and its            concerns relating to potential misconduct. The process and results
                                                                           of this system are overseen by the Group Audit Committee.




60               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                   prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                 Group overview




Risks from the nature of our business and our industry
continued


Group-wide framework and risk management for non-financial risks                                                                                 Strategic report
The risks outlined above form key elements of the Group’s                outsourcing and third-party supply, business continuity, financial
non-financial risk profile. A Group-wide operational risk framework      crime, technology and data, operations processes and extent
is in place to identify, measure and assess, manage and control,         of transformation. These policies and standards include subject
monitor and report effectively on all material operational risks         matter expert-led processes that are designed to identify, assess,
across the business. Outputs from these processes and activities         manage and control operational risks, detailed below. These


                                                                                                                                                 Governance
performed by individual business units are monitored by the RCS          activities are fundamental in maintaining an effective system
function, which provides an aggregated view of the risk profile          of internal control, and ensure that operational risk considerations
across the business to the Group Risk Committee and the Board.           are embedded in key business decision-making, including material
The key components of the framework are listed below:                    business approvals and in setting and challenging the Group’s
                                                                         strategy. These activities include:
> Application of a risk and control self-assessment (RCSA) process,
  where risk exposures are identified and assessed as part of a          > Reviews of key operational risks and challenges within Group
  periodical cycle;                                                        and business unit business plans during the annual planning
> An internal incident management process, which identifies,               cycle, to support business decisions;
  quantifies and monitors remediation conducted through root             > Corporate insurance programmes to limit the financial impact




                                                                                                                                                 Directors’ remuneration report
  cause analysis and application of action plans for risk events;          of operational risks;
> An annual scenario analysis process for the quantification of          > Oversight of risk management during the transformation life
  extreme, yet plausible manifestations of key operational risks           cycle, project prioritisation and the risks, interdependencies
  across the business on a forward-looking basis; and                      and possible conflicts arising from a large portfolio of
> A risk appetite framework for non-financial risks that articulates       transformation activities;
  the level of risk exposure the business is willing to tolerate and     > Screening and transaction monitoring systems for financial
  defines escalation processes for breaches of appetite.                   crime and a programme of compliance control monitoring
                                                                           reviews and regular risk assessments;
These core framework components are embedded across
Prudential via the Group Operational Risk Policy and accompanying        > Internal and external review of cyber security capability and
standards, which set out the key principles and minimum standards          defences; and
for the management of operational risk within the Group’s risk           > Regular updating and risk-based testing of disaster recovery
                                                                           plans and the Critical Incident Procedure process.




                                                                                                                                                 Financial statements
appetite. These sit alongside other risk policies and standards that
individually engage with specific operational risks, including


Risks associated with the Group’s joint ventures and associates
Prudential operates, and in certain markets is required by local         between participants. As such, the level of oversight, control and
regulation to operate, through joint ventures and other joint            access to management information the Group is able to exercise
ownership or third-party arrangements (including associates).            over the extent of the exposure to material risks at these operations
A material proportion of the Group’s business comes from its             may be lower compared with the Group’s wholly owned businesses.
joint venture and associate in the Chinese Mainland and India            Further information on the risks to the Group associated with its




                                                                                                                                                 European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
respectively. For such operations, the level of control exercisable by   joint ventures and other shareholders and third parties are included
the Group depends on the terms of the contractual agreements             in the disclosures on Risk Factors.

Insurance risks
(Audited)
Insurance risks make up a significant proportion of Prudential’s         Whilst most markets have moved, at difference paces, to an
overall risk exposure. The profitability of the Group’s businesses       endemic approach in managing Covid-19, the impact of
depends on a mix of factors, including levels of, and trends in,         policyholders having deferred medical treatment during the
mortality (policyholders dying), morbidity (policyholders becoming       pandemic (latent morbidity impacts) continues to be experienced
ill or suffering an accident) and policyholder behaviour (variability    in a number of markets. The implications from other factors such
in how customers interact with their policies, including utilisation     as long-term post-Covid-19 symptoms (although there is currently
of withdrawals, take-up of options and guarantees and persistency,       no consensus on the longer-term impact on morbidity) is being
ie lapsing/surrendering of policies), and increases in the costs of      monitored. Inflationary pressures driving higher interest rates may
claims over time (claim inflation). The risks associated with adverse    lead to increased lapses for some guaranteed savings products
experience relative to assumptions associated with product               where higher levels of guarantees are offered by products of the
performance and customer behaviour are detailed in the                   Group’s competitors, reflecting consumer demand for returns at the




                                                                                                                                                 Additional information
disclosures on Risk Factors. The Group has appetite for retaining        level of, or exceeding, inflation. A high inflation environment, and
insurance risks in the areas where it believes it has expertise and      the broader economic effects of recessionary concerns, may also
operational controls to manage the risk and where it judges it to        increase lapses, surrenders and fraud, as well as heighten premium
be more value creating to do so rather than transferring the risk,       affordability challenges.
and only to the extent that these risks remain part of a balanced
portfolio of sources of income for shareholders and are compatible
with a robust solvency position.


                                                                                                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   61
Risk review / continued




 Risks from the nature of our business and our industry
 continued


 Insurance risks
 (continued)
 The principal drivers of the Group’s insurance risk vary across its       Prudential’s insurance risks are managed and mitigated using
 business units. In Hong Kong, Singapore, Indonesia and Malaysia,          the following:
 a significant volume of health and protection business is written
 and the most significant insurance risks are persistency risk,            > The Group’s insurance policy, which sets out the Group’s
 morbidity risk, and medical claims inflation risk.                          insurance risk appetite and required standards for effective
                                                                             insurance risk management by head office and local businesses,
 Medical claims inflation risk: A key assumption in these markets            including processes to enable the measurement of the Group’s
 is the rate of medical claims inflation, which is often in excess of        insurance risk profile, management information flows and
 general price inflation. Where the cost of medical treatment                escalation mechanisms;
 increases more than expected, resulting in higher than anticipated        > The Group’s product and underwriting risk policy, which sets out
 medical claims cost passed on to Prudential, is a key risk. This risk       the required standards for effective product and underwriting
 is best mitigated by retaining the right to reprice products and            risk management and approvals for new, or changes to existing,
 appropriate overall claims limits within policies, either per type of       products (including the role of the Group), and the processes
 medical treatment or in total across a policy, annually and/or over         to enable the measurement of underwriting risk. The policy
 the policy lifetime. Medical reimbursement downgrade experience             also describes how the Group’s Customer Conduct Risk Policy
 (where the policyholder reduces the level of the coverage/                  is met in relation to new product approvals and current and
 protection in order to reduce premium payments) following any               legacy products;
 repricing is also a factor to be monitored by the Group’s businesses.     > The Group’s counter fraud policy, which sets out the required
 The risks to the Group’s ability to reprice are included in the             standards to enhance fraud detection, prevention and
 disclosures on Risk Factors.                                                investigation activities. The policy also sets out the framework
 Morbidity risk: Prudential’s morbidity risk is managed through              to tackle fraud that safeguards customers, protects local
 prudent product design, underwriting and claims management,                 businesses and the Group’s reputation and provides assurance
 and for certain products, the right to reprice where appropriate.           that fraud risk is managed within appetite, and to protect
 Prudential’s morbidity assumptions reflect its recent experience            resources to support sustainable business growth;
 and expectation of future trends for each relevant line of business.      > In product design and appropriate processes related to the
                                                                             management of policyholders’ reasonable expectations;
 Persistency risk: The Group’s persistency assumptions reflect
                                                                           > The risk appetite statements, limits and triggers;
 recent experience and expert judgement, especially where a lack
 of experience data exists, as well as any expected change in future       > Using persistency, morbidity and longevity assumptions that
 persistency. Persistency risk is managed by appropriate controls            reflect recent experience and expectation of future trends, and the
 across the product life cycle. This includes review and revisions to        use of industry data and expert judgement where appropriate;
 product design and incentive structures where required, ensuring          > Using reinsurance to mitigate mortality and morbidity risks;
 appropriate training and sales processes, including those ensuring        > Ensuring appropriate medical underwriting when policies are
 active customer engagement and high service quality, appropriate            issued and appropriate claims management practices when
 customer disclosures and product collaterals, use of customer               claims are received in order to mitigate morbidity risk;
 retention initiatives and post-sale management through regular            > Maintaining the quality of sales processes, training and using
 experience monitoring. Strong risk management and mitigation                initiatives to increase customer retention in order to mitigate
 of conduct risk and the identification of common characteristics            persistency risk;
 of business with high lapse rates is also crucial. Where appropriate,     > The use of mystery shopping to identify opportunities
 allowance is made for the relationship (either assumed or observed          for improvement in sales processes and training;
 historically) between persistency and investment returns.                 > Using product repricing and other claims management
 Modelling this dynamic policyholder behaviour is particularly               initiatives in order to mitigate morbidity and medical
 important when assessing the likely take-up rate of options                 expense inflation risk; and
 embedded within certain products.                                         > Regular deep dive assessments.


 Customer conduct risks
 Prudential’s conduct of business, especially in the design and            agency workforce, virtual face-to-face sales and sales via online
 distribution of its products and the servicing of customers, is crucial   digital platforms. Prudential has developed a Group Customer
 in ensuring that the Group’s commitment to meeting its customers’         Conduct Risk Policy which sets out five customer conduct standards
 needs and expectations are met. The Group’s customer conduct              that the business is expected to meet, being:
 risk framework, owned by the Chief Executive Officer, reflects
 management’s focus on customer outcomes.                                  1	Treat customers fairly, honestly and with integrity;

 Factors that may increase conduct risks can be found throughout           2	Provide and promote products and services that meet customer
 the product life cycle, from the complexity of the Group’s products          needs, are clearly explained and that deliver real value;
 and services to its diverse distribution channels, which include its




62               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                   prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                               Group overview




Risks from the nature of our business and our industry
continued


Customer conduct risks                                                                                                                         Strategic report
(continued)
3	Manage customer information appropriately, and maintain              > The Group’s code of business conduct and conduct standards,
   the confidentiality of customer information;                           product underwriting and other related risk policies, and
                                                                          supporting controls including the Group’s fraud risk control
4	Provide and promote high standards of customer service; and            programme;


                                                                                                                                               Governance
5	Act fairly and timely to address customer complaints and any         > A culture that supports the fair treatment of the customer,
   errors found.                                                          incentivises the right behaviour through proper remuneration
                                                                          structures, and provides a safe environment to report conduct
Prudential manages conduct risk via a range of controls that are
                                                                          risk-related issues via the Group’s internal processes and the
assessed through the Group’s conduct risk assessment framework,
                                                                          Speak Out programme;
reviewed within its monitoring programmes, and overseen within
reporting to its boards and committees.                                 > Distribution controls, including monitoring programmes relevant
                                                                          to the type of business (insurance or asset management),
As the pandemic-related initiatives and campaigns rolled out              distribution channel (agency, bancassurance, or digital) and
across markets to support customers expire (including customer            ecosystem, to ensure sales are conducted in a manner that




                                                                                                                                               Directors’ remuneration report
cash benefits, goodwill payments, and extended grace periods              considers the fair treatment of customers within digital
for premium payments), the Group is monitoring the impact to              environments;
customers to ensure they are treated fairly and with due care           > Quality of sales processes and training, and using other
aligned with the Group’s customer conduct risk framework. The             initiatives such as special requirements for vulnerable customers,
virtual face-to-face sales processes and digital product offerings,       to improve customer outcomes;
rolled out in most markets during the pandemic, continue to be          > Appropriate claims management and complaint handling
monitored for customer conduct, operational, regulatory                   practices; and
compliance and commercial risks.
                                                                        > Regular deep dive assessments on, and monitoring of,
Management of Prudential’s conduct risk is key to the Group’s             conduct risks and periodic conduct risk assessments.
strategy. Prudential’s conduct risks are managed and mitigated
using the following:




                                                                                                                                               Financial statements
Risks related to regulatory and legal compliance

Prudential operates in highly regulated markets and under the           developments and standards on the governance and ethical use
ever-evolving requirements and expectations of diverse and              of technology and data. In certain jurisdictions in which Prudential
dynamic regulatory, legal and tax regimes which may impact its          operates there are a number of ongoing policy initiatives and
business or the way it is conducted. The complexity of legal and        regulatory developments which will impact the way Prudential is




                                                                                                                                               European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
regulatory (including sanctions) compliance continues to evolve         supervised. These developments continue to be monitored by the
and increase, representing a challenge for international businesses.    Group at a national and global level and these considerations form
Compliance with the Group’s legal or regulatory obligations             part of the Group’s ongoing engagement with government policy
(including in respect of international sanctions) in one jurisdiction   teams, industry groups and regulators. Further information on
may conflict with the law or policy objectives of another               specific areas of regulatory and supervisory focus and changes are
jurisdiction, or may be seen as supporting the law or policy            included in the disclosures on Risk Factors.
objectives of one jurisdiction over another, creating additional
legal, regulatory compliance and reputational risks. These risks        Risk management and mitigation of regulatory risk at Prudential
may be increased where the scope of regulatory requirements             includes:
and obligations are uncertain, and where specific cases applicable      > Proactively adapting and complying with the latest regulatory
to the Group are complex. Regulatory risks cover a broad range of         developments;
risks including changes in government policy and legislation, capital   > Group and business unit-level compliance oversight and
control measures, and new regulations at either a national or             risk-based testing in respect of adherence with regulations;
international level. The breadth of local and Group-wide regulatory     > Close monitoring and assessment of our business and regulatory
arrangements presents the risk that requirements are not fully met,       environment and strategic risks;
resulting in specific regulator interventions or actions including
                                                                        > The explicit consideration of risk themes in strategic decisions;
retrospective interpretation of standards by regulators. As the




                                                                                                                                               Additional information
industry’s use of emerging technological tools and digital services     > Ongoing engagement with national regulators, government
increases, this is likely to lead to new and unforeseen regulatory        policy teams and international standard setters; and
issues and the Group is monitoring emerging regulatory                  > Compliance oversight to ensure adherence with in-force
                                                                          regulations and management of new regulatory developments.




                                                                                               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   63
Viability statement prepared in accordance with
Provision 31 of the UK Corporate Governance Code



The Group’s longer-term prospects                                          Period of viability assessment
Prudential aims to make healthcare affordable and accessible,              The Directors have assessed the viability of the Group for a period
protect people’s wealth and empower customers to save for their            longer than the 12 months required by the going concern statement.
goals, which can often be over a time frame of many years. As such,
Prudential considers that its purpose aligns closely with important        The Directors performed the assessment by reference to the
societal needs, including making health and financial security             three-year plan period to 31 December 2025. Three years is
more accessible, improving financial inclusion and education               considered an appropriate period as this is the period over which the
and transitioning to a low-carbon economy. Prudential is focused           Group undertakes stress testing for the key economic and insurance
on addressing these increasing needs, reflecting population                risk factors which most directly affect the viability of the Group.
demographics in our chosen markets.                                        A period of three years is selected as these forecasts are inherently
                                                                           volatile over a longer estimation period. This period also represents
The drivers for this structural growth, such as the low penetration        the period covered by the detailed business plan that is prepared
rates across the Asian region, are discussed on pages 8 to 31,             annually on a rolling three-year basis. In approving the business plan,
alongside the activities we have taken to deliver our objectives and       the Directors reviewed the Group’s projected performance with
enhance our capabilities. In undertaking these activities, we aim both     regards to profitability, cash generation and capital position, together
to meet the evolving needs of our customers and provide sustainable        with the parent company’s liquidity over this three-year period.
growth for our shareholders, which will support the viability of our       Assumptions applied in the plan include foreign exchange rates,
business over the longer term.                                             interest rates, credit spreads, equity growth rates, economic growth
                                                                           rates, the impact on the business environment arising from the
2022 has seen an easing of Covid-19 related restrictions, although
                                                                           impact of Covid-19 and anticipated regulatory changes. The Directors
the timing and extent of easing varied across the markets in which
                                                                           are satisfied that this period is sufficient to enable a reasonable
Prudential operates. During the year, we have seen a gradual return to
                                                                           assessment of viability to be made.
a more normalised sales environment. We expect this normalisation
to continue, albeit with some uncertainty over the short term.             Assessment of principal risks over the period
Over the longer term we believe that the demand for our products           The Group’s business plan implements the Group’s strategic
will continue to grow in line with the structural growth in our            objectives through the business model and activities discussed on
chosen markets.                                                            pages 14 to 15. Assessment of the risks to achieving the projected
                                                                           performance remains an integral part of the planning process.
All of the Group’s activities are underpinned by ongoing risk
                                                                           The Group’s approach to risk management and a summary of the
management, implemented via the Group Risk Framework and risk
                                                                           key risks facing the Group are set out on pages 48 to 63.
appetite limits described in the Group risk report on pages 51 to 53.
The Group as a whole and each of its life assurance operations are         For the purposes of assessing the Group’s viability, the Directors
subject to extensive regulation and supervision, which are designed        considered those risks where the impact of possible adverse external
primarily to reinforce the Group’s management of its long-term             developments could be of such speed and severity to present a shock
solvency, liquidity and viability to ensure that it can continue to meet   to the Group’s financial position. While all the risks set out in the risk
obligations to policyholders. Further details on the current capital       report have the potential to impact the Group’s performance, the
strength of the Group are provided on pages 44 to 47.                      key risks impacting the Group’s viability are: market risk, credit risk,
                                                                           liquidity risk and regulatory risk. The Directors also considered the
The Group’s management of wider environmental, social and
                                                                           macroeconomic environment and geopolitical risks in the markets
governance issues that could pose a risk to the Group in the future,
                                                                           in which the Group operates. Mitigation in place for these key risks
including the impact of climate change, is set out in the
                                                                           to viability is set out on pages 48 to 63.
Environmental, Social and Governance report on pages 66 to 168.
                                                                           Stress and scenario testing
This risk and regulatory focus supports the sustainability of our
                                                                           As noted above, underpinning the projections in the business plan
business over the longer term.
                                                                           are a number of economic and other assumptions. To evaluate the
                                                                           Group’s resilience to significant deteriorations in market and credit
                                                                           conditions and other shock events, these risks are grouped together
                                                                           into scenarios which are then applied to the assumptions underlying
                                                                           the business plans. Stresses have been applied to the economic and
                                                                           non-economic assumptions underlying the base case business plan,
                                                                           reflecting the Group’s management of its position within its risk
                                                                           appetite. The stresses applied to our economic plan and other
                                                                           assumptions in two adverse economic scenarios were as below:




64                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                   prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Group overview




                               Interest                                    Equity                         Credit long-term                                   Adverse
                                   rate               Equity       Volatility/Risk   Corporate credit       loss/long-term        Credit default/           currency                       Other




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Strategic report
                                 stress                stress           Premium       spread increase               spread4          downgrade             movement                        stress

Global deflation              (75)bps              (20)% to                   n/a             +50bps                     n/a       3 times base                    n/a       Adverse policyholder
                                                     (25)%                                                                          assumption                                         behaviour
Global inflation            +25bps to              (25)% to             +75bps/               +75bps5            +100bps/          3 times base                    5%        Adverse policyholder
                             +200bps5                (30)%5             (50)bps                                   +250bps           assumption                                         behaviour



The sensitivity of the Group’s regulatory solvency at 31 December                                      The impact on the business of known areas of regulatory change
2022 to changes in key assumptions is set out on page 406 of this                                      whose financial implications can be reasonably quantified is also

                                                                                                                                                                                                    Governance
annual report. In addition, the adequacy of liquid resources of the                                    considered as part of the plan. As well as known areas of regulatory
Group’s parent company across the plan period has been assessed by                                     change, the Group is exposed to the risk of sudden and unexpected
considering a stress scenario assuming the closure of short-term debt                                  changes in regulatory requirements at the Group and local levels.
markets, as well as additional calls on central liquidity by the local                                 While unexpected changes cannot be fully anticipated and hence
businesses. In this liquidity stress scenario, the Group would have                                    modelled, the risk of regulatory change is mitigated by capital held
access to sufficient resources to meet the funding requirements of the                                 by the Group and its subsidiaries in excess of Group and local
business, after taking into account the Group’s undrawn committed                                      regulatory requirements, the Group and its subsidiaries’ ability to
liquidity facilities of $2.6 billion, on top of central cash and short-term                            generate significant capital annually through operational delivery
investment balances, which as at 31 December 2022 were                                                 and the availability of compensating actions designed to restore




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Directors’ remuneration report
$3.1 billion. The redemption of debt in January 2023 reduced this                                      key capital metrics.
balance by $0.4 billion.
                                                                                                       Conclusion on viability
The scenarios tested showed that the Group would be able to                                            Based on this assessment, the Directors have a reasonable
maintain viability over the three-year period under assessment, after                                  expectation that the Group will be able to continue in operation
taking account of the actions available to management to mitigate                                      and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the three-year plan
the impacts on capital and liquidity in such scenarios. These actions                                  period to December 2025.
include, but are not limited to, rebalancing investment portfolios,
increased use of reinsurance, repricing of in-force benefits and
changes to the mix of new business being sold. In addition, the Group
conducts an annual reverse stress test which gives the Directors an
understanding of the maximum resilience of the Group to extremely
severe adverse scenarios. The analysis assists in identifying




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Financial statements
management actions that could be implemented to restore the
Group’s capital and liquidity resources from extreme positions.
This analysis also informs the Group’s recovery plan and liquidity
risk management plan.




                                                                                                                                                                                                    European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Additional information
Notes
1     Excluding assets held to cover linked liabilities and those of the consolidated investment funds.
2     Based on middle rating from Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch. If unavailable, NAIC and other external ratings and then internal ratings have been used.
3     Source of segmentation: Bloomberg Sector, Bloomberg Group and Merrill Lynch. Anything that cannot be identified from the three sources noted is classified as other.
4     Long-term parameter stresses are only applicable to GIECA.
5     Position in range depends on local market.


                                                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022             65
ESG report




     Creating a better future,
     together with you




66           Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                Group overview




Our 2022 highlights

                                                                                                                Strategic report
Demonstrating our continuing commitment to making a difference
in the markets in which we operate across our strategic priorities.
Making health and financial security accessible
FIND OUT MORE PAGE 78


                                  Made for Every
                                                                    89%                                         Governance
Prudential launched our
dedicated Syariah                 Family inclusive
life insurance entity             family cover                      customer retention
in Indonesia                      provided in our markets




                                                                                                                Directors’ remuneration report
Supporting climate transition and responsible investment across our markets
FIND OUT MORE PAGE 90


On track to meet                  Just and Inclusive                Included as a partner in the



25%                               Transition                        Just Energy
                                  paper published                   Transition Partnership
WACI reduction by 2025                                              for Vietnam


                                  Leading Emerging                  First Climate

                                                                                                                Financial statements
Investee engagement
programme across
climate, palm oil                 Markets Transition                Transition Plan
and human rights                  Investment project                published
                                  within NZAOA




Engaging and empowering our people and communities




                                                                                                                European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
FIND OUT MORE PAGES 109 AND 133




35%
women in senior leadership
                                  $12.2m
                                  community investment
                                                                    18,000
                                                                    employee volunteering hours
                                  cash contribution                 in local communities




350
Mental Health First Aiders
                                  US$      6.5m
                                  Covid-19 relief fund since 2020




                                                                                                                Additional information




                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   67
ESG report / continued




Our approach                                                               Our purpose and strategy
                                                                           The key features of our ESG framework remain its three strategic
Introduction                                                               pillars, which have clear alignment with our business strategy.
Prudential is proud to celebrate its 175th anniversary and 100 years       Within each of these, specific focus areas have been identified where
of operations in Asia in 2023. While 2022 was the first full year for      we believe that there is an opportunity for Prudential to make a
the Group as an Asia and Africa business, Prudential has sought            meaningful impact, and as such we place greater focus on these.
to provide social good through financial protection since 1848.
Our company was one of the first to support Great Britain’s working        We have used this framework to structure the narrative sections of
classes through innovative and affordable ‘penny policies’. While our      our 2022 ESG Report, where we seek to provide a qualitative and
offering and focus have evolved, our philosophy of being there for         quantitative update on our progress in the year across each area.
our customers and their communities in times of need has
remained steadfast.                                                        Our targets, challenges and goals are set in the context of this
                                                                           framework to allow us to measure our progress and set future
Most of the markets in which we now operate are characterised by           ambitions.
relatively low levels of insurance cover and limited social safety nets.
Changing demographics, notably ageing populations alongside the
rising middle-class, have created a significant and growing health and                                                 S A N D FO C US A R E A S
                                                                                                               LL AR
protection gap. Prudential seeks to close this gap and our ESG efforts                             TH
                                                                                                        E PI                                       A RE
                                                                                                                                                          :
are firmly embedded within our strategy.                                                                                Making health and
                                                                                                                        financial security accessible
We are committed to inclusivity in all that we do for our customers,                                                    > Digital health innovation
our people and our communities. Our ‘Made for Every Family’                                                             > Inclusive offerings
                                                                                                                        > Meeting the changing
initiative aspires to make our coverage inclusive of how families                                                         needs of our customers
live their lives across different parts of the world.                                                                   READ MORE PAGE 78

Our people have a distinct opportunity to serve billions of people                                                     RP
                                                                                                                            OR AT E PURP
                                                                                                                                           OS
across Asia and Africa. As an organisation, we are pushing boundaries                                             CO
                                                                              Building                                                      E
to remove barriers to inclusion, investing in talent and creating a           social capital
culture that binds us together to make that real-life impact.                 > Our people
                                                                                                          Helping people
                                                                                responsibility             get the most
As a major asset owner and manager, our most significant                      > Our digital

contribution to combatting climate change is through the
                                                                                responsibility              out of life
                                                                              READ MORE PAGE 109
decarbonisation of our investment portfolio. Prudential has the
goal of a 25 per cent reduction in emissions intensity from our
portfolio by 2025. We have already made significant progress
                                                                                                                                Stewarding the human
towards this commitment, with sustained reduction in our weighted                                                               impacts of climate change
average carbon intensity (WACI) and substantive completion of                                                                   > Decarbonising our
our coal divestment.                                                                                                              investment portfolio
                                                                                                                                > Supporting a just and
                                                                                                                                  inclusive transition
As Asia and Africa are being challenged by the impacts of climate                                                               READ MORE PAGE 90
change, Prudential has a distinctive role to play in the transition to
a low-carbon economy. Our decarbonisation strategy acknowledges
the nature of the markets in which we operate and seeks to ensure
the financial and social burden of the transition is just and inclusive,
as set out in our 2022 white paper. More broadly, through our                                   THE FOLLOWING STRATEGIC
investments, we seek to play a role in the growth of robust capital                          ENABLERS SUPPORT THESE PILLARS:
markets across Asia and Africa. This is critical to sustainable
economic development.
As we look forward to our next 175 years, nothing could be
more important than continuing our work to deliver social good –
today and for the future.



                                                                            Good governance                        Responsible                                 Community
                                                                             and responsible                       investment                                  engagement
                                                                            business practices                  READ MORE PAGE 122                            and investment
                                                                            READ MORE PAGE 140                                                                READ MORE PAGE 133




68                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Group overview




Targets
We recognise the importance of targets in evidencing our commitment to progress on ESG topics. Our long term target is to become a net-zero



                                                                                                                                                                                                         Strategic report
asset owner by 2050, in alignment with the Paris Agreement. We publicly committed to this in May 2021, and made a number of related,
shorter-term targets.
During 2022, the business has made good progress on each of these as set out in the table below and in the relevant sections of this report.


Target                                                            Board’s evaluation of progress                                                                         Detail in report

Deliver a 25 per cent reduction in the carbon                     On track: by the end of 2022, we had reduced the weighted average                                      Page 91
emissions‡ intensity of our investment                            carbon intensity (WACI) of our investment portfolio by 43 per cent
portfolio† by 2025 against our 2019 baseline

Divest from all direct investments in                             Substantively completed:                                                                               Page 92                         Governance
businesses that derive more than 30 per cent
of their income from coal, with equities to be                    > In 2021, we fully achieved our divestment from coal equities
fully divested from by the end of 2021 and                        > By the end of 2022, we had substantively completed our divestment
fixed-income assets fully divested from by the                      from coal bonds with one holding remaining as a result of market
end of 2022                                                         conditions. We continue to seek opportunities to divest from the
                                                                    remaining holding and intend to do so as soon as practicable*




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Directors’ remuneration report
Engage with the companies responsible for                         Fully met: This is a continuing annual target, which we have fully met                                 Page 128
65 per cent of the absolute emissions in our                      in 2022 for the identified cohort of companies
investment portfolio

Deliver a 25 per cent reduction in our                            On track: We achieved an intensity ratio of 1.21 tCO2e/FTE for 2022,                                   Page 102
operational emissions intensity from a 2016                       keeping us ahead of the emissions reduction trajectory required to
baseline, abating the remaining emissions via                     meet our 2030 target of 1.65 tCO2e/FTE
carbon offsetting initiatives, to become
carbon neutral across our Scope 1 and 2
(market-based) emissions by the end of 2030

Employ 35 per cent women in senior                                On track: at 31 December 2022, the representation was 35 per cent,                                     Page 110
management by the end of 2023                                     in line with our 2023 target




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Financial statements
‡    Carbon emissions refers to carbon dioxide equivalent emissions (CO2e) per the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol, including carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O),
     hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs), sulphur hexafluoride (SF6) and nitrogen trifluoride (NF3).
†    Our investment portfolio (‘investment portfolio’) includes both listed equities and corporate bonds in all shareholder and policyholder assets, while excluding assets held by joint venture
     businesses and assets in unit-linked funds as we do not have full authority to change the investment strategies of these. Further information is provided in the Basis of Reporting here:
     www.prudentialplc.com/~/media/Files/P/Prudential-V13/esg-report/basis-of-reporting-2022.pdf.
*    In 2021, we fully divested from equities meeting the policy criteria, which we continue to monitor so as to maintain this divestment position. By the end of 2022, we had substantively completed
     our commitment to divest from coal bonds meeting the policy criteria: we had divested from 97 per cent of the coal bonds held at 31 March 2021, the date used for our May 2021 commitment.
     Due to illiquidity in the market, we were unable to fully divest from one remaining holding of $12.1m, which illustrates the degree of challenge in implementing a divestment strategy in our
     markets. We continue to seek opportunities to divest from the remaining holding and intend to do so as soon as practicable. We also continue to engage with the issuer on other options for us
     to divest from this holding as we believe we have set our coal policy in a just and inclusive manner. Since 31 December 2022, we have further divested from this coal bond.




                                                                                                                                                                                                         European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
The above targets are as at 31 December 2022. The Board will continue to review and evolve these as the Group progresses on its ESG journey
to take into account evolving scientific data and stakeholder expectations.




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Additional information




                                                                                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022               69
ESG report / continued




Challenges and future goals
There is significant effort required to become a net-zero asset owner by 2050. The journey towards a net-zero economy requires large scale
transformation, including for those companies held within our investment portfolio. Although we are making progress on our decarbonisation
targets, we are aware that we still have much more to do in both our decarbonisation planning and implementation.
We are aware of specific gaps in our knowledge and processes, and also acknowledge there are unknowns which may arise in the future. We are
committed to filling these gaps over time, and updating our approach and reporting on progress.
Specific goals and areas of focus for us in the coming three to five years include:

Targets                                  Achievement of our first interim target of 25 per cent reduction in emissions by 2025, for which we are on
                                         track
                                         Review of our investment portfolio ambition, including setting a 2030 decarbonisation target by the end of
                                         2024, in line with the NZAOA Protocol
                                         Investigate feasibility of setting net zero Scope 1 and 2 operational targets, acknowledging the lack of
                                         renewable energy available within certain of our markets

Data                                     Increasing the coverage and quality of our Scope 3 investment book data
                                         Developing specific decarbonisation pathways for asset classes
                                         Increasing the coverage of our Scope 3 emissions for the rest of our value chain (eg supply chain)

Financing the transition                 Exploring innovative opportunities to finance the transition in a just and inclusive manner, in partnership
                                         with the private and public sector

Customers                                Continuing to offer inclusive and affordable health and protection products, recognising that protection is
                                         itself a climate mitigation measure
                                         Continue to explore the intersection of climate change and adverse health impacts, including through
                                         research, thought leadership and product development

Opportunities                            Continue to explore the intersection of climate change and adverse health impacts, including through
                                         research, thought leadership and product development
                                         Continuing to offer inclusive and affordable health and protection products, recognising that financial
                                         protection is itself a climate mitigation measure

People                                   Elevate our people for the future of work, by cultivating a continuous learning culture and build skills for now
                                         and the future
                                         Development of a bespoke approach for distinct workforce segments to actively manage the career
                                         pathways and build a sustainable succession pool for our most critical roles
                                         Continue to drive sustained performance through D&I, wellbeing, performance and reward

Emerging topics                          Development of policies around nature and biodiversity



As we address these challenges, we seek to balance the need for                  decarbonisation targets and pathways for their verification which do
decarbonisation with sustainable development through a just and                  not distinguish between the differing needs for emerging markets
inclusive transition. Action will be required from all players across both       and developed markets. Aligned with our approach to a just and
the private and public sectors. Prudential is committed to working               inclusive transition, we believe it is critical that we engage with
alongside the governments in the markets in which it operates,                   countries and companies to work with them to overcome their
multi-lateral development banks and others.                                      transition challenges. A part of this approach is reflecting the nuances
                                                                                 of the challenges faced by specific countries, for example in balancing
We are particularly mindful of the challenges in some of our major               economic growth and decarbonisation. This leads to differences in
markets of India, China, Malaysia and Thailand, which remain highly              pace of decarbonisation as accepted in the Paris Agreement through
reliant on coal and other fossil fuels. As such, balancing the interests         the ‘common but differentiated responsibilities’ principle, which we
of all our stakeholders across both developing and developed                     try to integrate in our Responsible Investment approach and
markets, acknowledging their varying capacity and perspectives,                  articulated in our Just and Inclusive Transition paper. We continue to
remains an ongoing challenge.                                                    engage with the SBTi and monitor its publications to explore how the
During 2022, as part of our ongoing review of our climate targets, we            methodology can be appropriately applied in our markets, in a
undertook an internal review of the Science Based Targets initiative             manner that is consistent with the needs of emerging markets and
(SBTi) and engaged with the SBTi to understand their view of the                 our broader philosophy.
methodology’s application in emerging markets. The SBTi uses global




70                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                       prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                           Group overview




Aligning with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
The United Nations (UN) Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), which is at the core of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, are



                                                                                                                                                                           Strategic report
universally recognised and provide a shared blueprint to provide a more sustainable future for all. In aligning with the SDGs, the Group is focused
on those goals where we can make a meaningful contribution given their alignment with our purpose and business strategy.

SDG                          SDG target         Intended outcome                          How Prudential can support this outcome            Link to our material topics

1. No poverty                1.4, 1.5           Increase access to quality healthcare Provide affordable bite-sized products for             Inclusive offerings*
                                                services, and financial services for  underserved segments.
                                                the poor and the underserved,                                                                Financial literacy
                                                including microfinance.               Enable financial literacy to promote
                                                                                      understanding of the need for health and
                                                Improve resilience of the poor and    protection products.

                                                                                                                                                                           Governance
                                                reduction in their exposure and
                                                vulnerability to climate-related
                                                extreme events and other economic,
                                                social and environmental shocks and
                                                disasters, where there are no,
                                                or limited, social safety nets.

3. Good health              3.8, 3.d           Achieve universal health coverage,      Leverage technology to provide people                Digital health
    and wellbeing                               including financial risk protection,    with better access to healthcare services.           innovation*




                                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ remuneration report
                                                access to quality essential healthcare
                                                services and access to safe, effective, Collaborate with community organisations             Community
                                                quality and affordable essential        to support health promotion, safety and              engagement
                                                medicines and vaccines for all.         resilience activities.                               and investment

                                                Strengthen the capacity of all
                                                countries, in particular developing
                                                countries, for early warning, risk
                                                reduction and management of
                                                national and global health risks.

5. Gender equality 5.5                          Ensure women’s full and effective         Set and implement targets for female               Diversity, inclusion
                                                participation and equal                   participation rate senior leadership.              and belonging*




                                                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
                                                opportunities for leadership at all
                                                levels of decision-making in political,
                                                economic and public life.


8. Decent work              8.3                Promote development-oriented         Investments in business and industry                    Responsible investment*
    and economic                                policies that support productive     underpinning growth and supporting the
    growth                                      activities, decent job creation,     development of capital markets.                         Employment,
                                                entrepreneurship, creativity and                                                             recruitment and rewards
                                                innovation, including through access




                                                                                                                                                                           European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                to financial services.

12. Responsible    12.6                        Encourage companies, especially       Continue to publish disclosures regarding              Responsible
     consumption                                large and transnational companies, our operational emissions and our                         environmental practices
     and production                             to adopt sustainable practices and to initiatives to reduce them.
                                                integrate sustainability information                                                         Responsible
                                                into their reporting cycle.                                                                  procurement practices


13. Climate action 13.1, 13.2,                  Strengthen resilience and adaptive        Measure, manage and publicly disclose the Responsible investment*
                   13.3                         capacity to climate-related hazards       carbon footprint of our investment
                                                and natural disasters in all countries.   portfolio. Be an active steward of the    Climate change*
                                                                                          investments in our portfolio companies,   Community
                                                Integrate climate change measures         engaging with management and
                                                into national policies, strategies and                                              engagement
                                                                                          exercising shareholder voting rights.     and investment
                                                planning.
                                                                                          Incorporate climate change risks into our
                                                Improve education, awareness-




                                                                                                                                                                           Additional information
                                                                                          strategy and business planning.
                                                raising and human and institutional
                                                capacity on climate change                Advocate for a just and inclusive transition.
                                                mitigation, adaptation, impact
                                                reduction and early warning.              Collaborate with community organisations
                                                                                          to support resilience and disaster recovery
                                                                                          activities.
*     Considered as priority material topics.



                                                                                                                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022        71
ESG report / continued




What shapes our approach                                                   As mentioned in our last report, in 2021, we drove our ESG framework
Approach to materiality and stakeholder engagement                         through existing interaction with external stakeholders, including
We recognise that our activities and how they are carried out have         frequent meetings with investors and NGOs. This allowed
impacts on markets, customers and people. To remain successful and         management to evaluate the appropriateness and relevance of our
sustainable in the long term, we need to engage in societal discourse      ESG framework to stakeholders. Following our 2021 review, we
and find ways to align both our broader business performance and           adopted a more robust materiality assessment through deeper and
our societal impact with the expectations of our shareholders,             more structured stakeholder engagement on ESG issues in 2022.
stakeholders and the broader society. Our materiality assessment
helps us gain a deeper understanding of the issues that matter most        For the purpose of materiality, we continued to identify our
to these groups, and how our environmental, economic and social            stakeholders as governments, regulators, investors, rating agencies,
impacts are perceived and translated today and in the longer term          customers, employees, and distributors. Our stakeholders impact our
into associated risks and opportunities for our business.                  strategy and are also directly affected by it. Our materiality
                                                                           assessment helps us examine various issues, risks and opportunities
This section serves to provide disclosure of the processes and results     as they relate to our stakeholders while focusing on areas where we
of our materiality assessment, including the criteria adopted to           can create positive impact.
identify material ESG issues, and the process and results of our
stakeholder engagement.



  Materiality assessment process

              Step 1                                  Step 2                          Step 3                               Step 4


     Identify and define                    Prioritise topics               Analyse and                          Validation and
     material topics                        based on                        evaluate                             approval by senior
                                            stakeholder views                                                    management

     Our list of material topics            We gathered views from          We analysed and                      The final step of our
     in 2022 is drawn from prior            stakeholders to prioritise      evaluated the information            materiality assessment
     material topics, HKEX and              the list of topics. These       and mapped each topic                involved getting validation
     SASB requirements as well              were carried out through        against a materiality                and approval from senior
     as having conducted peer               normal-course interaction       matrix. As part of this              management through the
     reviews. Biodiversity and              and through ESG surveys         process, we held a                   governance of our Group
     broader nature-based                   that were done for the first    workshop and carried out             ESG Committee and
     considerations, being                  time with our customers,        interviews with nearly 20            Responsibility and
     emerging topics among                  employees and agency            senior internal                      Sustainability Working
     certain stakeholder groups             distributors. The ESG           stakeholders across key              Group (RSWG).
     in 2021, were also                     surveys were carried out        functions and businesses
     incorporated as one of our             regionally with nearly          who provided inputs from
     topics. This resulted in a             1,000 customers, more           a business impact
     list of 21 topics.                     than 1,000 employees,           perspective.
                                            and over 7,000 agency
                                            distributors.




72                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                              prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                      Group overview




Materiality matrix
Our assessment resulted in 21 topics which are deemed to be either high, medium or of emerging priority. The topics are mapped according to



                                                                                                                                                                                      Strategic report
their relative degree of importance to stakeholders, their relevance to Prudential’s business and impact on the economy, environment and society.
Based on the work to date, the top material topics are: responsible investment, fair treatment of customers, customer satisfaction, inclusive
products and services, digital health innovation, climate change, privacy and data protection, ethics and responsible business practices, corporate
governance and diversity, inclusion and belonging. We deem these 10 topics to be of high priority, and they are also in line with our expectations
and aligned with our ESG strategy and areas of focus.
For more details on our material topics and where they are covered in our report, please refer to the visual below.


  Materiality matrix

              High                                                                                                                                                                    Governance



                                                                               Workplace
                                                                                 health and                                                                  Responsible
                                                                                 safety                         Inclusive        Customer                  investment
                                                                         Responsible                            products           satisfaction
                                                                           environmental                          and services                                Fair treatment




                                                                                                                                                                                      Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                           practices                                                                           of customers


                                                                                                                                                    Privacy and
                                                                                                                                                    data protection
                                                                                                           Climate             Digital health
                                Training and             Financial                                         change              innovation
                                                           literacy                                                                                            Ethics and
                                development
                                                                                                                                                              responsible
                                                                                                                                                        business practices
 Influence on                                                                Employment,               Diversity,
 stakeholder                                                                  recruitment              inclusion and
 assessments                                                                  and rewards              belonging
                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate
 and decisions                                                                                                                                                      governance
                                                                                    Community
                                                                                      engagement
                                               Responsible                         and investment
                                                  procurement




                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial statements
                                                  practices


                                          Volunteerism         Labour rights

                                                                                                                                                        Anti-bribery
                                                                                                                                                          and corruption
                            Biodiversity
                            and nature-based
                            considerations




                                                                                                                                                                                      European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
          Emerging
                     Emerging                                          Significance of Prudential’s economic,                                                                  High
                                                                         environmental and social impact


                          Environmental                    Social          Governance




                          Inclusive products                                     Climate change                                        Responsible investment
                           and services                                  CLIMATE CHANGE SECTION                                  RESPONSIBLE INVESTMENT
                          Customer satisfaction                          ON PAGE 90                                              SECTION ON PAGE 122

                          Digital health innovation                             Diversity, inclusion                               Ethics and responsible
                                                                                    and belonging                                       business practices




                                                                                                                                                                                      Additional information
                          Fair treatment
                           of customers                                           Privacy and data protection                         Corporate governance
                     MAKING HEALTH AND FINANCIAL                         BUILDING SOCIAL CAPITAL                                 GOOD GOVERNANCE AND
                     SECURITY ACCESSIBLE SECTION                         SECTION ON PAGE 109                                     RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS PRACTICES
                                                                                                                                 SECTION ON PAGE 140
                     ON PAGE 78




                                                                                                                         Prudential plc Annual Report 2022             73
ESG report / continued




Understanding our impact                                                    Listening to our stakeholders’ views
Stakeholder engagement                                                      As part of our materiality review in 2022, and in light of activities
In order for us to help people thrive, build a greener future and lead by   carried out in the past on stakeholder engagement, we took the
example, we need to maintain proactive dialogue with each of our            following actions to better understand our stakeholders’ key areas of
stakeholders. Understanding their views on the social, economic,            interest and concern:
environmental and governance topics affecting us as a business will
enable us to better address their concerns, exchange constructively         > maintained current engagement with governments, regulators
and ultimately better manage our business.                                    and investors; and
                                                                            > started engaging with selected key stakeholder groups including
Ongoing dialogue and collaboration with our stakeholders are                  customers, employees and agency distributors across major
important for creating and maintaining meaningful and mutually                markets in a more structured manner.
beneficial relationships. This keeps us plugged in on changes and
focused on staying relevant to our stakeholders. Continual                  The table below provides an overview of the different stakeholder
stakeholder engagement also helps us create long-term value where           groups we continue to engage with, how we have engaged with
we operate.                                                                 them, what their key areas of interest or concerns are and our
                                                                            response to these.


Stakeholder groups                         Mode of engagement               Topics of interest or concern in order of priority
                                                                            where indicated by the stakeholder group

Investors                                  Regular meetings                 Climate change
                                           Investor conferences             Inclusive products and services
                                           Investor Perception Study        Responsible investment
                                                                            Digital health innovation
                                                                            Diversity and inclusion

Rating agencies                            Annual meetings                  Climate change
                                                                            Inclusive products and services
                                                                            Responsible investment
                                                                            Digital health innovation
                                                                            Diversity, inclusion and belonging

Customers                                  Contact centres                  Customer fair dealing
                                           Focus groups                     Data privacy and protection
                                           Customer survey                  Responsible investment
                                                                            Customer satisfaction
                                                                            Financial literacy

Employees                                  Employee survey                  Responsible environmental practices
                                           Collaboration Jam Workshop       Workplace health and safety
                                           Townhalls                        Responsible investment
                                                                            Climate change
                                                                            Employment, recruitment and rewards

Agency distributors                        Agency distributor survey        Customer satisfaction
                                                                            Inclusive products and services
                                                                            Training and development
                                                                            Digital innovation
                                                                            Customer fair dealing

Governments and regulators                 Roundtables                      Healthcare access and insurance
                                           Consultations                    Ethics and responsible business practices
                                           Regulatory colleges              Data privacy
                                           Regular meetings                 Financial inclusion
                                                                            Climate change
                                                                            Responsible tax


Further information on our engagement with our stakeholders can be found in our Section 172 Statement.




74                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                             prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                     Group overview




Managing the process                                                      Following this transition of responsibilities, an exercise was completed
ESG governance overview                                                   to map out the material climate and climate-commitment-related



                                                                                                                                                     Strategic report
The Board considers ESG to be integrated and aligned with our core        activities which support the GRC’s new responsibilities, and the
business strategy of protecting people’s wealth, helping them grow        supporting governance arrangements including the demarcation in
their assets, and empowering them to save for their goals. It             roles of the Board and management committees involved in these
recognises the major role that Prudential can continue to play across     activities. The supporting management information and frequency
Asia and Africa, as well as in the long-term success, resilience and      has also been reviewed, including how the management information
health of the communities in which we operate. As such, ESG matters,      informs the GRC about climate related matters. The ‘ESG, including
including climate change, are overseen by the Board, which is             climate change, governance during 2022’ diagram in this section sets
responsible for determining overall strategy and prioritisation of key    out the frequency that the Board, GRC and management
focus areas, and monitoring risks.                                        committees met during 2022.


                                                                                                                                                     Governance
In recent years, the Board has included ESG in the strategic priorities   In addition to regular course discussion, to further enhance strategic
for the Group’s Executive Directors by way of a specific objective to     Board-level discussions on climate, a dedicated climate deep dive
drive the climate and responsible investment focus across the             session was held with the Board in September 2022. Following
organisation, both as an asset owner and an asset manager, through        discussions at the Board on our approach to climate change, the
embedding the external ESG commitments made in May 2021.                  progress towards the Group’s externally communicated climate-
In late 2021, the Remuneration Committee decided that a measure           related commitments, climate-related opportunities, and the
aligned with our published commitment to reduce the carbon                evolving expectations of stakeholders, the Board agreed on the need
emissions of all shareholder and policyholder assets by 25 per cent       for clear communication around Prudential’s role in emerging
by 2025 should be attached to Executive Directors’ 2022 Prudential        markets. The latter point has been supported by the publication of




                                                                                                                                                     Directors’ remuneration report
Long Term Incentive Plan (PLTIP) awards. Carbon reduction targets         Prudential’s ‘Just and Inclusive Transition’ white paper, which sets out
will also be attached to Executive Directors’ 2023 PLTIP awards.          the Group’s approach to ensuring the transition to a low-carbon
Further information can be found in the Directors’ remuneration           economy considers all countries, economies and worker populations
report.                                                                   by raising awareness on the country-specific challenges for emerging
                                                                          markets in the energy transition.
The Board Responsibility and Sustainability Working Group (RSWG),
established in early 2021, continued during 2022. George Sartorel         In respect of the review of the FY22 ESG Report:
replaced Alice Schroeder as Chair following the AGM in May 2022,
and both Arijit Basu and Claudia Suessmuth Dyckerhoff were                > The GRC reviewed the disclosures made in the sections of the ESG
appointed to the RSWG on joining the Board. In light of his                 Report that relate to areas within its remit (including non-climate
appointment as Senior Independent Director, Jeremy Anderson will            ESG-relevant areas within its remit such as financial crime and
step down from the RSWG on 31 March 2023.                                   conduct) in detail and confirmed their inclusion in the report to
                                                                            the RSWG.
In July 2022, the responsibilities of the RSWG were re-positioned to




                                                                                                                                                     Financial statements
                                                                          > The RSWG retained responsibility for reviewing the Group ESG
focus on customer, culture, and digital, in addition to people and          Report in totality and making recommendations to the Group
community matters, having focused a large part of its agenda in             Audit Committee (GAC) and the Board.
2021 on climate change. Oversight responsibilities for environmental      > The GAC considered the Group ESG report within its broader review
and climate-related issues, including the ongoing implementation of         and recommendation of the full Annual Report and Accounts to
the Group’s external commitments to the decarbonisation of its              the Board.
operations and investment portfolio and other climate-focused             > The Board approved the Annual Report and Accounts, of which
external responsible investment commitments were transferred to             the ESG Report is an integral part.
the Group Risk Committee (GRC). Their terms of reference were
amended to ensure a holistic approach to these topics. The GRC’s          Management oversight




                                                                                                                                                     European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
additional responsibilities extend to external reporting, via the ESG     ESG activity, including the impacts from climate change, is overseen
Report, where it relates to those areas within its remit, including       at a management level by the Group ESG Committee, which was
monitoring the progress on the Group’s reporting against the              chaired by the Group CEO in his role as ESG sponsor. Other members
recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial            of the Committee are the Group Chief Financial Officer, the Group
Disclosures (TCFD).                                                       Chief Risk and Compliance Officer, the Group HR Director, both the
                                                                          Chief Executive and CIO of Eastspring, and the Chief Executive of
It is anticipated that the GRC will have a standing item on its agenda    PACS (Prudential’s Singapore business). During 2022, the Group ESG
in relation to its oversight of climate change, including progress        Committee was strengthened by the inclusion of the recently-
against our climate targets. In setting future targets or commitments,    appointed Group CIO and Group Corporate Affairs Director. From
the GRC will consider and make appropriate recommendations to the         26 February 2023, the Group ESG Committee is chaired by the Group
Board. The revised remit of the GRC is also anticipated to include the    Chief Financial Officer.
consideration of climate-related issues when reviewing and guiding
overall strategy, major plans of action, risk management policies,        One of the Group ESG Committee’s responsibilities is to oversee the
annual budgets and business plans. To support the GRC in executing        Group’s progress towards fulfilling our commitment to report against
its duties, the Group’s policies and processes supporting significant     the recommendations of the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on
decisions and transactions have been updated to systematically            Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). In 2022, the Group ESG
include consideration of how the matter requiring approval supports       Committee reported to the Board through the RSWG. Further




                                                                                                                                                     Additional information
and/or impacts the Group’s ESG strategy, including setting and            information on the governance and oversight of our responsible
overseeing major capital expenditures, acquisitions, and divestitures.    investment activity is provided in the ‘Group responsible investment
                                                                          governance’ section.




                                                                                                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   75
ESG report / continued




Governance of ESG, including climate change, during 2022

 Prudential plc            > Oversees all aspects of ESG, including people, culture and    > Provides rigorous challenge to management on progress
 Board                       communities, with ultimate responsibility for determining       against goals and targets
                             strategy and prioritisation of key focus areas                > Ensures the Group maintains an effective
                                                                                             risk management framework, including
                                                                                             over climate-related risks and opportunities



                                                      REPORTING                                                      INFORMING

 The Board
 delegates specific        Group Risk Committee                                            Board Responsibility and Sustainability
 ESG, including            > Meeting frequency in 2022: six times                          Working Group
 climate change,           > Oversight responsibilities for environmental and              > Meeting frequency in 2022: five times
 oversight matters           climate-related issues                                        > Oversees the embedding of the Group’s ESG strategy,
                           > Oversees implementation of external climate-focused             focusing on customer, culture, digital, people and
 to its committees
                             commitments                                                     community matters
                           > Reviews climate-related information presented within
                                                                                           Group Audit Committee
                             the ESG report
                           > Oversees the Group’s ongoing commitment relating              > Meeting frequency in 2022: eight times
                             to TCFD                                                       > Oversees the Group’s Annual Report and Accounts,
                           > Supports the ESG strategy by ensuring the risks, including      of which the ESG report is an integral part
                             climate-related risks and opportunities, people and culture   > Oversees whistleblowing programme
                             are effectively managed
                                                                                           Remuneration Committee
                                                                                           > Meeting frequency in 2022: six times
                                                                                           > Supports the ESG strategy through alignment of
                                                                                             the Group’s incentive plan to external ESG targets



                                                      REPORTING                                                      INFORMING

 Chief Executive and
 Management Team           The Chief Executive has responsibility for implementation of the Group’s ESG strategy, including people, culture and climate
                           change risks and opportunities, with support from the executive management team


                                                      REPORTING                                                      INFORMING
 Group ESG
 Committee                 > Focused on the holistic assessment of                         > Chaired in 2022 by Group CEO, and from
                             ESG matters, including climate change,                          February 2023 by Group CFO
                             that are material to the Group                                > Members include asset owner and asset manager CEOs,
                                                                                             Group CRCO, and Group CHRO


                                                      REPORTING                                                      INFORMING

 Group Responsible
 Investment Advisory       > Operational responsibility for oversight of Responsible       > Co-chaired by Group CIO and Eastspring CIO
 Committee (GRIAC)           Investment activity                                           > Members include local business CIOs


                                                      REPORTING                                                      INFORMING
 Prudential
 Sustainability            > Share Group processes and practices on communications         > Chaired by Director of Group ESG
                             and reporting of ESG-related matters                          > Members include local business ESG leads
 Advisory
                           > Focus on knowledge sharing to support developing and            and other specialists
 Group (PSAG)                embedding of local business ESG strategies consistent
                             with the Group strategy                                       PSAG is focused on execution and
                                                                                           is not part of formal governance



                                                      REPORTING                                                      INFORMING

 Local businesses
                           The local businesses support the implementation of the Group’s ESG strategy,
                           including climate change risks and opportunities




76                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                         prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                              Group overview




Approach to ESG reporting                                                While assurance of ESG data is not required by the HKEX, it is
As a company dual primary-listed in Hong Kong and London,                encouraged as part of the HKEX’s 2020 update to the ESG Listing



                                                                                                                                                                              Strategic report
Prudential’s ESG reporting follows the Hong Kong Stock Exchange          Rules. The Group has sought limited assurance on selected indicators
(HKEX) requirements, as well as the UK Listing Rules.                    within the Group’s ESG report, covering Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3
                                                                         financed emissions, community investment cash contributions and
HKEX sets out various reporting principles and they are addressed        employee diversity. We appointed EY LLP (EY) to provide limited
through the report as follows:                                           independent assurance over these selected ESG KPIs within the 2022
                                                                         ESG Report for the year ended 31 December 2022. EY will be the
Materiality              Discussion of 2022 approach outlined in         Group’s external auditors from FY2023. Where assurance has been
                         ‘Approach to materiality’ section above.        provided, this is clearly indicated throughout the report. The
                                                                         assurance engagement was planned and performed in accordance
Quantitative             Consistent with 2021, metrics have been
                                                                         with the International Standard for Assurance Engagement (ISAE)

                                                                                                                                                                              Governance
                         provided in compliance with the HKEX
                                                                         (UK) 3000 (July 2020), Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or
                         requirements and the voluntary adoption
                                                                         Reviews of Historical Financial Information. A limited assurance
                         of the SASB Insurance Standard. An index
                                                                         report was issued and is available on the Prudential plc website at
                         is included at the end of this report for
                                                                         www.prudentialplc.com/~/media/Files/P/Prudential-V13/esg-report/
                         both HKEX and SASB Insurance
                                                                         assurance-statement-2022.pdf. This report includes details of the
                         reporting requirements.
                                                                         scope, respective responsibilities, work performed, limitations
Consistency              The FY22 report has been prepared on            and conclusion.
                         a consistent basis to FY21 to support           As the maturity of Prudential’s ESG reporting continues to develop
                         compatibility.




                                                                                                                                                                              Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                         and in recognition of the increasing demand for and use of
                                                                         Prudential’s ESG data, we will keep the scope of ESG data assurance
Reporting boundary       Consistent with prior years, the scope of       under review.
                         the report, and data therein is as set out in
                         the Basis of Reporting, and excludes joint
                         venture partnerships, notably our joint
                         ventures in India and China, and the                    Climate Transition Plan
                         Takaful business in Malaysia, unless
                                                                             Prudential has developed the first iteration of our Climate
                         otherwise stated.
                                                                             Transition Plan, which is published alongside this report. Our
                                                                             Climate Transition Plan sets out our long-term net-zero pledge
			                                                                          and interim targets, and the progress we have made against
Prudential is a supporter of the recommendations of the Financial            them. It describes the actions we plan to take to implement our
Stability Board’s (FSB'S) Task Force on Climate-related Financial            decarbonisation strategy across our investment portfolio* and



                                                                                                                                                                              Financial statements
Disclosures (TCFD). Prudential has included material climate-related         operations, as well as highlighting the areas in which we need to
financial disclosures in this report consistent with the TCFD's four         strengthen our understanding and approach.
recommendations and eleven recommended disclosures, noting a
small number of items are included in our Climate Transition Plan,           We expect our climate and decarbonisation strategy to continue
given their forward looking nature, or our Basis of Reporting, given         to evolve as we gain more accurate and in-depth data, deeper
their technical nature. In October 2021, the TCFD released additional        insights into the specific challenges and evolutions of our local
guidance implementing the “Recommendations of the Task Force on              markets, and knowledge from our engagement and advocacy
Climate-related Financial Disclosures” (2021 TCFD Annex). We                 efforts across our value chain. We also expect our Climate
reviewed all the relevant guidance in Section C of the TCFD Annex            Transition Plan to adapt to reflect market, regulatory,
                                                                             technological and other climate-related developments affecting




                                                                                                                                                                              European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
(Guidance for All Sectors) and relevant sector-specific supplemental
guidance during 2022 and have provided disclosures in line with this,        the context and pace of the global transition towards net zero†.
including the publication of our first Climate Transition Plan. A TCFD       We are seeking to utilise this first iteration of our externally
index is included at the end of this report (see the ‘TCFD index’            disclosed Climate Transition Plan as an engagement mechanism
section) to demonstrate how Prudential is meeting the TCFD                   with our investors and stakeholders, to seek feedback as we
recommendations.                                                             continue in the current target cycle and begin to think about the
As well as the work to enhance internal management and reporting             next iteration of climate-related targets. We will therefore
of climate-related information, we participate in external                   consider providing our shareholders with an advisory vote on our
benchmarks to provide additional visibility to stakeholders on our           climate action and updated transition planning in the future.
climate-related activity. We aim continually to improve the                  For more information, see our Climate Transition Plan at
transparency and utility of our reporting. In 2022, we continued             www.prudentialplc.com/~/media/Files/P/Prudential-V13/
to participate in CDP and we were pleased to improve our score to            esg-report/climate-transition-plan-2022.pdf
A- (2021:B).

                                                                         *     Our investment portfolio is defined in our Basis of Reporting at www.prudentialplc.com
                                                                               /~/media/Files/P/Prudential-V13/esg-report/basis-of-reporting-2022.pdf.
                                                                         †     In the context of Prudential, net zero and carbon neutral have the following meanings:




                                                                                                                                                                              Additional information
                                                                               1. ‘Net zero’, with regards to greenhouse gas emissions, refers to a state by which the
                                                                               greenhouse gases going into the atmosphere are reduced as close to zero as possible
                                                                               and any residual emissions are balanced by removals from the atmosphere. When
                                                                               translating these emissions to the activities in the value chain of an organisation, net
                                                                               zero is a state in which the activities of the value chain for an organisation result in net
                                                                               zero greenhouse gas emissions, in a time frame consistent with the Paris Agreement.
                                                                               2. ‘Carbon neutral’ for an organisation refers to relying on carbon offsets to balance its
                                                                               value chain’s greenhouse gas emissions, whereas net zero refers to prioritising reductions
                                                                               in an organisation’s value chain’s greenhouse gas emissions as close to zero as possible
                                                                               and only then are any residual emissions balanced by removals from the atmosphere.


                                                                                                         Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                77
ESG report / continued




                                                                                                     Digital health innovation
                                                                                                     Across the health and protection value chain, stakeholders are
                                                                                                     looking for innovative, cost-effective ways to deliver consumer-
                                                                                                     centric, technology-enabled ‘smart’ healthcare solutions. Insurers are
                                                                                                     a key participant in the healthcare industry value chain, both
                                                                                                     providing health and protection cover, and meaningfully using the
Strategic Pillar: Making health                                                                      information they collect to develop relevant offerings.
and financial security accessible                                                                    We view technology as an enabler that allows people to do more and
Access to social health protection is essential, not just for decent work                            to connect more. At the front end this enables agents, giving them
and sustained economic recovery, but also for enhancing long-term                                    tools to increase productivity so that they can focus on engaging the
social cohesion. While our emerging markets continue expanding                                       customer, and data-driven insights to start authentic conversations
their social health protection programmes, increased demand,                                         on health risks for customers. It also enhances back-end processes,
compounded by the pandemic, has exacerbated gaps in coverage.                                        such as supporting claims assessors in risk monitoring, and helping
The low level of insurance penetration in Asia1 and high level of                                    underwriters to come to a decision much more quickly by providing
out-of-pocket health and protection spending2 drives an estimated                                    artificial intelligence (AI)-backed recommendations.
$1.8 trillion health protection gap.3                                                                As the insurance industry integrates technology in its operations and
                                                                                                     solutions, Prudential strives to harness the power of data to further
                                                                                                     personalise the experience for our customers. At the same time, we
                                                                                                     remain acutely aware of the importance of the human touch and the
                                                                                                     role of our highly skilled agents. We are strong advocates of
                                                                                                     humanising technologies – using tech not to replace, but to enhance,
                                                                                                     decision-making and empower authentic human connections.
                                                                                                     Pulse is a mobile app designed to bring holistic health and wealth
         The social role of our agents                                                               solutions to Prudential customers. It enables Prudential’s multi-
                                                                                                     channel distribution strategy to make healthcare more accessible and
  As well as the digital innovation we are pioneering, we are proud                                  increase financial inclusion. Pulse can give users access to services
  to have a leading agency force across Asia and Africa, with half                                   such as health risk assessments and online doctor consultations to
  a million men and women who harness the power of digital to                                        help them better manage their health needs, as well as digital wealth
  serve 10 million customers. Agents become effective                                                tools to make financial decisions simpler. Pulse also seeks to leverage
  ambassadors for us through developing and nurturing personal                                       its digital platform to streamline existing Prudential services, such as
  relationships, often over generations.                                                             allowing users to renew their insurance policies. For example,
  For today’s digital savvy customers that move effortlessly                                         customers in Cambodia will be informed in advance so that they can
  between multiple digital and in-person channels, these                                             renew their plans before the cover expiry date, to ensure
  ambassadors combine our values of honesty, integrity and                                           uninterrupted insurance coverage on their existing policies.
  trustworthiness across multiple touchpoints to interact with                                       Pulse is active in many of our emerging markets, with offerings
  customers, where and when they demand.                                                             tailored to each market in which it is offered. For example, in Malaysia
  We believe that the overriding quality that makes a good agent                                     Pulse offers free services such as health assessments, symptom
  is that they care about the role insurance plays in society, as a                                  checkers, incentivised health challenges and relevant news articles
  contribution to financial sustainability. Our agents seek to do                                    related to health. In addition, we offer free telemedicine services to all
  the right thing for their customers, so that they can have better                                  Malaysian Pulse users through our partner, DocOnCall. In 2022, we
  financial futures.                                                                                 launched the Medical Booster function, which rewards customers
                                                                                                     with a non-claim benefit up to $220/RM1,000 for taking action to
  The role of the agent has pivoted from financial advisor to                                        stay healthy. This reinforces awareness around preventive care, by
  financial influencer, and Prudential continues to support them                                     allowing customers to claim for services such as health screenings,
  on that journey.                                                                                   vaccinations, diagnostic tests, and health subscription programmes
                                                                                                     on Pulse.




Notes
1     Swiss Re Institute; Sigma No 3/2021: World insurance – life insurance penetration (premiums as a percentage of GDP in 2020).
2     World Health Organisation: Global Health Observatory data (2019). South-East Asia, Out-of-pocket expenditure as percentage of current health expenditure (CHE).
3     Swiss Re Institute: The health protection gap in Asia, October 2018.


78                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                        Group overview




                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report




                                                                                                                                                        Governance



       Prudential and Femtech
  In South-east Asia, female health and wellness remain underserved        allows users to generate a reproductive health self-assessment,
  by mainstream healthcare, and reliable information on relevant           through answering questions on areas such as diet, alcohol
  science and services remain limited. Femtech – which refers to a         consumption, exercise frequency, and family history. These data




                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ remuneration report
  range of health software and tech-enabled products and services          points enable the content engine within Pulse to create a
  addressing female medical and health needs – is a growing                personalised dashboard for each user, to help them to understand
  industry. Prudential Thailand is focused on ensuring we stay             their reproductive health status. Users can also tele-consult with a
  relevant to our female customer base, while being inclusive in           certified obstetrics and gynaecology expert through the app.
  working to resolve broader global health issues.
                                                                           The ultimate aim is for these services to provide data and tools to
  In July 2022, Prudential Thailand launched a menstruation and            women, enabling them to make more informed decisions on
  fertility tracker (‘FemHealth Cycle Tracker’) on Pulse. The tracker      pregnancy, family planning and fertility treatment.



Digital partnerships                                                       Our markets in Africa made notable progress in providing affordable




                                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
Across our markets, people are living longer, but not necessarily          insurance to underserved populations, through their partnerships
healthier or better. By harnessing technology, we want to empower          with local telecommunications service providers:
people to live well for longer by making it easier for them to take care
of their health and plan for their financial futures.                      Country        Description

In 2022, Prudential continued to expand the relationships it has built     Ghana          Continuing its collaboration with AirtelTigo, which
in recent years with digital partners, to provide numerous offerings                      distributes products by microinsurance specialist
that combine health, wealth, retirement and lifestyle knowledge and                       BIMA, our Ghana business developed and sold
solutions.                                                                                microinsurance to more than 315,000 customers in
                                                                                          2022. Covering hospitalisation, death and accidental
In October, Prudential and Google Cloud announced a strategic                             permanent disability, the product accepts premium




                                                                                                                                                        European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
partnership to enhance health and financial inclusion for                                 payments via airtime money transfer, to increase
communities across Asia and Africa, strengthening Prudential’s                            affordability, reliability, and inclusivity for underserved
existing relationship with Google, which began in 2019. Prudential will                   and unbanked populations.
leverage Google Cloud’s data analytics capabilities, secure and
sustainable infrastructure, and the broader Google ecosystem to            Cameroon       Prudential partnered with MTN to offer insurance
accelerate its digital transformation. This will enhance user                             through a low-cost package called Degree Insurance,
engagement on preventative health via Pulse. In the longer term, we                       which provides protection to students from primary to
will look to adopt Google’s AI across a broader digital strategy to                       tertiary level. Premiums are paid through MTN Mobile
make accessing insurance simpler, to drive greater efficiency, and to                     Money, facilitating insurance policy purchasing for
increase agent productivity.                                                              those without bank accounts.

                                                                           Côte d’Ivoire Prudential partners with Orange to offer health
                                                                                         coverage for workers in the informal sector,
                                                                                         guaranteeing payment of hospital expenses for a
                                                                                         monthly premium of $0.99. In 2022, nearly 15,000
                                                                                         new policies were sold.




                                                                                                                                                        Additional information




                                                                                                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    79
ESG report / continued




                                                                                                      telemedicine service offerings include remote lab sample collection,
                                                                                                      sharing results digitally and providing explanatory calls, and following
                                                                                                      up with relevant medication delivery. In 2022, more than 3,600
                                                                                                      health insurance customers in Uganda used these telemedicine
                                                                                                      services.
                                                                                                      Mental health
                                                                                                      Mental illness is the largest single cause of disability worldwide, and
                                                                                                      the range of mental health conditions can make addressing this
                                                                                                      challenge more difficult. The mortality rate of those with mental
                                                                                                      disorders is significantly higher than the general population, with a
                                                                                                      median life expectancy loss of 10.1 years.1
                                                                                                      As the pandemic continued to disrupt day-to-day life globally, it
                                                                                                      became clear that access to mental healthcare is critical for a healthy
                                                                                                      and productive workforce. According to Mercer Marsh2, one in two
                                                                                                      employees in Asia say they highly value insurance coverage for
                                                                                                      mental health, yet only 1 per cent of Asian insurers regard mental
                                                                                                      health provision as a key priority.
         Upgrading personal digital healthcare
  In Thailand, Prudential partnered with Garmin, a global designer                                    Lack of awareness, associated stigma and misconceptions about
  of fitness trackers, and Qumata, a provider of data-driven                                          mental illness are a primary challenge in accessing treatment.
  algorithms. The partnership enables us to help people manage                                        Supporting the mental wellbeing of our customers is a strategic
  risk factors associated with the pandemic using the Covid-19                                        priority, and we have dedicated products and digital services
  Resistance Score Model. The model estimates a user’s likelihood                                     addressing this critical area in our markets.
  of developing serious health consequences should they be                                            In Taiwan, Prudential has partnered with FarHugs to provide
  infected, based on their activity and profile data (including a                                     discounted remote consultation services for customers.
  voluntary vaccination input).                                                                       Collaborating with nearly 300 psychologists and counselling
  For example, in illustrating to users their resistance to Covid-19,                                 specialists, this partnership allows users to manage numerous types
  the app can recommend action for prevention.                                                        of distress through customised coaching sessions. This initiative is a
                                                                                                      form of early intervention for potential mental health challenges
                                                                                                      affecting customers, and is especially valuable in the wake of the
                                                                                                      pandemic that has increased isolation.

Telemedicine                                                                                          In Malaysia, Prudential’s critical illness offering ‘PRUAll Care’ provides
Telemedicine is the use of digital communication and information                                      additional benefits beyond treatment. These include mental health
technologies to provide clinical healthcare at a distance. Prudential                                 cover for seven conditions, including severe bipolar disorder, severe
offers numerous ways for customers to conduct medical                                                 major depressive disorder and schizophrenia (for adults), and autism,
examinations remotely with ease and convenience. Patients who                                         Tourette Syndrome, and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
previously had limited access to healthcare services can now see a                                    (for children).
physician without leaving their home. Such services also offer                                        We also prioritise the mental wellbeing of our employees, and strive
customers privacy, more control of their personal time, and the                                       to create a work environment where we demonstrate care for each
comfort of conducting the examination from a familiar and safe                                        other, strengthen inclusion and deepen belonging. Further details on
location.                                                                                             our support to employees can be found in the Prudential’s wellbeing
Through Pulse, users in Singapore, Vietnam, and Thailand can access                                   pillars section on page 114.
telemedicine services, through partnerships with MyDoc and
DocOnCall. In Hong Kong, Prudential launched the Tele-Medical
Examination Service and a new Point-to-Point Sample Collection
Service. Through its partnership with online platform MedNet, our
Taiwan business enables customers to seek doctor consultations,
second opinion services and information on cancer examinations and
treatment. It also provides home care and health articles to help
users better care for themselves and family members.
In Indonesia, Prudential launched a new medical protection product,
PRUSolusi Sehat Plus Pro. Among the many benefits provided, such
as coverage for pre-hospitalisation, customers can access telehealth
services (both locally, and in Malaysia or Singapore) up to three times
per outpatient surgery or cancer treatment, before or after discharge
from a hospital or clinic.
In Uganda, we continued our partnership with telemedicine partner
Rocket Health, to enhance the convenient and cost-effective
healthcare we provide to our customers and agents. The partnership’s


Notes
1     Walker ER, McGee RE, Druss BG. Mortality in mental disorders and global disease burden implications: a systematic review and meta-analysis. JAMA Psychiatry. 2015 Apr; 72(4): 334-41.
2     Mercer: Mercer Marsh Benefits report highlights gap in mental health coverage and outpaced healthcare costs vs inflation in Asia, March 2022.


80                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                        prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                         Group overview




                                                                       Inclusive offerings
                                                                       Socioeconomic factors often determine whether an individual is able



                                                                                                                                                         Strategic report
                                                                       to access benefits, insurance and health coverage. This means that
                                                                       disadvantaged groups often miss out, despite being the groups that
                                                                       need the most help.
                                                                       We therefore view the expansion of coverage of our health and
                                                                       financial security products in Asia and Africa as critically important,
                                                                       and strive to develop and re-design our products and services –
                                                                       across our multi-distribution channels – in an inclusive manner. Our
                                                                       objective is to offer underserved communities, including vulnerable
                                                                       populations, protection and savings products that meet their


                                                                                                                                                         Governance
                                                                       needs. Our multi-channel distribution model, through agency,
                                                                       bancassurance and digital, gives us different ways to serve the
                                                                       diverse needs of our customers in the way that best suits them.



     Pulse and mental health
Being healthy is about more than physical fitness and muscular
strength. Positive mental health contributes to enhanced




                                                                                                                                                         Directors’ remuneration report
decision-making, emotional and social wellbeing, and reducing
vulnerability to certain physical ailments like heart disease,
stroke and diabetes. Recognising this crucial wellness topic
and our customers’ active general mobile device use, Prudential
has invested in a curated mental wellness offering with our
partner Amaha, which is among the top Pulse functions within
launched markets.
The app features straddle three health stages: prevention,
postponement, and protection. Prevention includes a
Healthcheck function, where users answer a digital questionnaire
about their lifestyle, diet, mental health and medical history. This
generates a health report and provides practical insights into




                                                                                                                                                         Financial statements
long-term disease risks, which are supplemented by our chatbot
that analyses user health conditions. In addition, Pulse provides
customers with tools and information, such as mood trackers,
quizzes, and curated content, to better manage their mental
health.
In 2022, more than 30,000 unique users from ASEAN used the
mental health functions in Pulse. Our mental wellness features
resonated particularly well with women and customers between
the age of 18 and 45, specifically mood tracker features and




                                                                                                                                                         European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
overparenting, anxiety and sleep hygiene quizzes.
In September, Prudential Singapore launched a mobile app,
Business@Pulse, to help SME employees manage their group
insurance. Business@Pulse complements other Prudential                                                                         Infantile policy (1856)
wellness initiatives including WorkPLAYce, our corporate wellness
programme that offers a variety of activities aimed at promoting             Prudential’s long history of adopting
physical and mental wellbeing, such as fitness and meditation                 financial inclusion
classes and health screenings.                                           In 1854, we opened our Industrial Branch, providing affordable
                                                                         ‘penny policies’ to working people. This transformed the
                                                                         insurance industry, as Prudential became one of the first UK firms
                                                                         to provide insurance to the working classes. Two years later, the
                                                                         company introduced another innovation, ‘Infantile Insurance’,
                                                                         which allowed parents to insure the lives of children younger than
                                                                         10, in contrast to peer offerings that only insured children older
                                                                         than 10 due to the high infant mortality rate.




                                                                                                                                                         Additional information
                                                                         Prudential has also historically offered innovative products
                                                                         targeted at women. In 1922, the company introduced the
                                                                         Everywoman Policy, which encouraged independent saving for
                                                                         women. The introduction of this policy and the advertising
                                                                         campaign that accompanied it signalled an important moment
                                                                         in Prudential’s history, as the company began to address women
                                                                         as the target, rather than the subject, of insurance advertising.


                                                                                               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022        81
ESG report / continued




       Diabetes coverage in Thailand                                         Inclusive family coverage in our
  More than four million people have diabetes in Thailand –                   ASEAN markets
  projected to rise to 5.3 million by 2040 – but only 2.6 million        Today, over half of the Malaysian population does not own a life
  are provided with access to medical treatment, making                  insurance policy or family Takaful certificate. In addition, the Life
  diabetes sufferers an underserved population.                          Insurance Association of Malaysia (LIAM) further revealed that
  In November, we launched the PRUNo Worries Diabetes                    of those protected, over 90 per cent do not have sufficient
  insurance plan, which offers coverage specifically for pre-            coverage to protect themselves and their families. Closing this
  diabetics and people diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes, up to             protection gap requires equalising access to insurance and
  the age of 70. Applicants do not need to undergo a health              Takaful coverage. By making its solutions more inclusive,
  examination, but simply answer health-related questions.               Prudential Malaysia hopes to reduce the protection gap and to
                                                                         serve more people and more families. Our Malaysia business
  On World Diabetes Day in November, Prudential Thailand                 launched Extended Family Coverage, the first of its kind in the
  participated in numerous events in cooperation with the                local industry. This initiative extends coverage beyond the nuclear
  Thailand Health Partnership Network (which includes the                family to include extended family members (eg cousins or
  Bangkok Health Bureau and the Department of Disease                    grandparents) who fully or partially support the maintenance or
  Control). Prudential provided knowledge on preventative care           education of others.
  (eg nutrition and exercise), as well as offering free screenings
  for diabetic retinopathy, a major complication that can cause          In the Philippines, Prudential launched PRUHealth FamLove, a life
  vision loss.                                                           protection plan that includes critical illness cover for up to four
                                                                         family members in one policy, a first-of-its-kind product in the
  Prudential Thailand is also partnering with Thailand’s leading         market. This is available for all Filipino families, including
  hospitals to provide exclusive offers to all Prudential customers,     same-sex or common-law partners, parents, and adoptive
  such as special vaccinations deals, discounts on cancer                children.
  screenings, and health check-ups.
                                                                         Costs including long-term medication and care can be covered by
                                                                         the plan’s critical illness benefits through the System and Organ
                                                                         Function Insurance (SOFI) concept. This feature makes the
                                                                         product unique in the market, as it provides coverage should any
Made For Every Family                                                    major organs require surgery, without the need to consult a long
Prudential continues to expand its beneficiary list for insurance        list of critical illnesses for which cover is provided.
products, broadening its customer base to better support evolving
family structures and societal expectations. During 2022, we             In Thailand, Prudential designs insurance products to serve the
launched numerous strategic propositions that celebrate families of      unique needs of all families, including traditional nuclear families,
every shape and size. These underscore our commitment to making          those in the LGBTQIA+ community, single-parent homes and
healthcare and financial security accessible and affordable to more      extended families with adopted children.
people and families, and helping them get the most out of life. Our      For example, Prudential Thailand allows LGBTQIA+ policyholders
range of inclusive products recognises that although each family is      to designate non-relatives as their beneficiaries, if the
different, they should receive equivalent protection and coverage.       policyholder can identify and provide a ‘Life Partner’ document.
Over the past year, our businesses across Asia have worked together,     They can name their partners as beneficiaries for life and other
collaborating and workshopping ideas that fulfil our customers’          insurance plans, or add their adopted children.
needs. Across 11 markets, we rolled out a range of new and extended
products that are Made For Every Family. Within each product, we
expanded term definitions (such as ‘Beneficiary’) to offer more
tailored protection for extended family members. For example, in
2021, Prudential Hong Kong’s life customers could nominate a more
diverse range of family members as their beneficiaries, including
grandparents, cousins, and step-children. In 2022, we built further on
the extended family definition, by accepting same-sex married
couples as the life assured for designated insurance products.




82                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                             prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                           Group overview




Products for Women                                                         Islamic finance
Women are vulnerable to a range of gender-specific health conditions       Islamic finance is seen as a risk-sharing service that works with the



                                                                                                                                                                           Strategic report
and associated medical expenses, and the rising cost of healthcare,        community to provide Shariah-compliant products and services
pregnancy and motherhood increasingly compound affordability               across various finance-related areas.
and access. Prudential is focused on staying relevant to our female
customers, while also being more inclusive in working to resolve           Prudential is committed to playing a leading role in driving the
broader health issues. A number of our markets offer exclusive plans       development of Islamic finance in Indonesia. In April, Prudential
that cover a wide range of female specific illnesses and conditions.       Indonesia launched PT Prudential Sharia Life Assurance (Prudential
These include:                                                             Syariah). Prudential is the first international life insurer in Indonesia to
                                                                           establish a dedicated entity focused on serving the growing local
Country        Products for Women                                          Sharia market. The business is dedicated to meeting the Sharia-
                                                                           based health and welfare needs of the Indonesian Islamic


                                                                                                                                                                           Governance
Philippines    Prudential launched the first breast cancer-specific life   population, with a wide range of solutions that are based on ‘Sharia
               insurance product in the country. Designed to               for All’ principles.
               promote women’s health protection and aid early
               interventions, this product can be purchased digitally      We use our digital technology to provide personalised and accessible
               on Pulse, and comes in two versions with premiums           Sharia-based solutions, in order to meet the growing need for risk
               starting at $2.86/PhP 150.                                  protection. In partnership with leading local digital payment services
                                                                           provider OVO, and our bancassurance partner UOB, we launched
Thailand       Prudential offers various products specifically covering    PRUTect Care, a Sharia-compliant life insurance product. This was
               women’s health. These include PruLady Cancer Care           sold on the TMRW app, where customers could sign up for cover for
               and PruMum, which are available through Pulse and           various causes of death, including Covid-19, as well as accidents,




                                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ remuneration report
               other digital channels, such as Prudential’s                hospital care and infectious diseases. Users can choose, register and
               partnership with Thailand’s largest loyalty                 validate their policies, as well as make claims via Pulse.
               programme The 1. Respectively, these products
                                                                           We also serve the significant Islamic population in Malaysia. In 2022,
               provide protection against numerous cancers
                                                                           Bank Negara Malaysia stated that only 42 per cent of adult
               (including but not limited to cervical, ovarian, and
                                                                           Malaysians had at least one life insurance policy or family Takaful
               breast), and against the risk of pregnancy
                                                                           certificate, though noting that the majority still remain uninsured
               complications and miscarriage from accidents.
                                                                           against death, disability, or sickness1. Prudential’s i-Lindung initiative,
Cambodia       Prudential Cambodia launched PRUMyHealth, the               aimed at promoting the importance of financial protection within the
               first individual medical reimbursement solution in the      B40 (bottom 40 per cent in terms of income) community, encourages
               market from a local life insurer. In addition to            more Malaysians to be financially protected through our inclusive and
               providing customer access to cancer and in- and             budget-friendly plans.




                                                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
               out-patient treatments, this product also provides          Under the i-Lindung initiative, which is delivered in partnership with
               coverage against actual medical expenses for 10             the Employee Provident Fund (EPF), we have launched four plans:
               types of pregnancy complications, including still           PRUGuard Life, PruBSN Lindung (term protection), PRUCare Life and
               births, ectopic pregnancies and post-partum                 PruBSN Cegah (critical illness protection). EPF members can sign up
               haemorrhages that require a hysterectomy.                   for the protection plans by completing a few simple health-related
               PRUMyHealth accepts cashless payments at more               questions and make premium payments directly from the EPF online
               than 200 hospitals domestically and within South-           portal i-Akaun.
               east Asia and has a medical reimbursement coverage
               amount up to $50,000.                                       Bite-sized offerings
                                                                           While insurance can provide financial support to policyholders during




                                                                                                                                                                           European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                                           periods of illness, access to financial services can still remain scarce
                                                                           and unaffordable to those in low- and middle-income countries. The
                                                                           process of positive change must start with addressing affordability, by
                                                                           creating and offering relevant, valuable, and essential insurance
                                                                           products at accessible rates.
                                                                           Prudential’s growing portfolio of bite-sized insurance products proves
                                                                           that by designing plans with the right features and price, and
                                                                           distributing them digitally, we can address the needs of underserved
                                                                           and first-time customers.
                                                                           These products appeal to customers who are unable or unwilling to
                                                                           pay for a comprehensive long-term insurance cover, preferring
                                                                           instead to choose a plan that serves a specific need for a short period,
                                                                           and at an affordable price point. As convenience is an important
                                                                           factor, our bite-sized products are offered on Pulse and our own
                                                                           websites, with some also being sold through our partners’ digital
                                                                           networks.




                                                                                                                                                                           Additional information

                                                                           Note
                                                                           1    Bank Negara Malaysia: Financial Stability Review – First Half 2022, October 2022, p. 23.


                                                                                                          Prudential plc Annual Report 2022              83
ESG report / continued




These are already offered in numerous markets:

Country                  Bite-sized offerings

Cambodia                 Completed an initial launch of insurance selling machines at 50 locations, to make insurance purchases more flexible and
                         convenient for customers. In a country with less than one per cent life insurance penetration, Prudential created these
                         machines – which have their own internet connection and power supply – to streamline customer purchases of bite-sized
                         insurance products (ie those costing less than $10 annually). Customers can obtain receipts of their transactions from the
                         machines, and upon policy issuance, can manage and submit claims through Pulse. Each machine has embedded design
                         elements for a more inclusive user experience, such as larger text display for elderly users.
                         In December, our Cambodia business also launched a new digital savings plan, allowing customers to start saving from
                         $5 per month or $30 per year, and guaranteeing a return of at least 100 per cent of premiums paid as a maturity benefit
                         when set conditions are met. Prudential has also embarked on various partnerships with TrueMoney, uPay, and iCare to
                         further broaden insurance access to its customers.

Malaysia                 Flagship programme PRUKasih continues to protect over 33,000 underserved families in Malaysia, and has been helping
                         low-income families and the disabled community with temporary financial relief since 2011 on a not-for-profit basis.
                         We also launched PRUKasih Aman, a microinsurance product on Pulse aimed at safeguarding more individuals and
                         families. PRUKasih Aman is designed to generate modest revenue while meeting a societal need. This new product offers
                         enhanced coverage (up to $3,960/RM18,000) that includes daily hospitalisation allowance, funeral expenses, and both
                         death benefits and extra accidental death pay.
                         Our PRUSimple Care suite of affordable insurance plans, available to all Malaysians aged from 19 to 55 on Pulse from
                         $0.9/RM4 annually, was extended to other digital partners in 2022, broadening our reach to more underserved
                         customers.

Singapore                On Pulse, we launched two new affordable bite-sized microinsurance products: PRUSafe Guard 22, which offers six-month
                         term coverage against Covid-19 and infectious diseases ($19/SGD26); and PRUSafe Sports, which offers 12-month term
                         coverage against bone fractures ($42/SGD58). Separate from Pulse, we also launched PRUFirst Gift II in November,
                         which offers protection for expectant mothers and babies during pregnancy, combined with an investments-linked plan
                         to provide long-term wealth growth for newborns.

Kenya                    Rolled out individual pension plan products to the market with no minimum contribution levels.

Cameroon                 Signed up six new bancassurance partnerships in 2022 selling credit life and sponsored accounts. These partnerships
                         focus on microfinance, and provide insurance protection to low-income earners who do not have bank accounts.




      Affordable products that address infectious disease
  There is strong evidence for the impacts of climate change on the          common cause of hospitalisation in endemic areas of tropical
  transmission and future spread of malaria and dengue, two of the           countries, along with increased medical costs associated with
  most globally significant vector-borne diseases. Data that                 treatment facilities and household purchases of over-the-counter
  illustrates the effect of global warming on the spread of dengue           medication. These all highlight the increasing need for protection
  shows the risk is strongest for South-east Asia. This disease is a         and insurance.

  Prudential offers affordable products that protect against infectious diseases in numerous markets, including:

  Cambodia                     Bite-sized insurance product Moos Som Chanh is available for purchase on Pulse. This plan covers dengue and/or
                               malaria for individuals up to the age of 60, and starts at an annual rate of $4/KHR16,440 or $4.75/KHR19,515
                               respectively.

  Philippines                  Prudential offers two packages that provide coverage for dengue. Filipino families can purchase these products
                               via Shopee e-vouchers, which are redeemable in Pulse, to provide coverage for the cost of getting the infectious
                               disease, and an additional amount in case of death. The PRUDengue MedCare offerings cost between $3.16 and
                               $13.54/PhP175 and PhP750.

  Singapore                    Prudential offers a microinsurance plan ($3.66/SGD5 with a three-month term) that covers customers against
                               dengue fever.

  Vietnam                      Prudential offers one product that protects against three common tropical diseases: dengue, malaria, and
                               measles. PRU-Tropical covers customers for overnight hospitalisation from any of the three diseases.




84                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                 prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                               Group overview




Meeting the changing needs of our customers                                         Customer success
At Prudential, we strive to always be customer-led. This means                      We have built a framework across the customer life cycle to help us



                                                                                                                                                               Strategic report
anticipating customers’ challenges and questions, and proactively                   understand our customers, deliver value across all touchpoints, and
providing solutions and answers. It means looking at every aspect of                grow loyalty whilst encouraging advocacy. This framework aligns with
our customers’ journey, to enable them to get the most out of their                 the three key pillars of our customer centric strategy: understanding
relationships with us. In 2022, we further increased our focus on                   the needs of our customers across different segments; providing
customer centricity, both in our efforts to better understand our                   high-quality care for our customers’ needs in order to deliver value via
customers, and in our endeavours to convert insight into action.                    engagement; and building customer advocacy by understanding and
                                                                                    responding to their feedback.
Our customers are core to what we do, and we aim to tailor our
products to meet their fast-changing needs, as well as the developing
requirements of local markets. Our increasing customer focus has


                                                                                                                                                               Governance
contributed to our customer retention rate remaining high at over
89 per cent1 in 2022.




                                                                  Customer success




                                                                                                                                                               Directors’ remuneration report
                 Segmentation                                                Care                                             Advocacy
        Building lifelong relationship and                    Building emotional connection and                     Building and nurturing loyalty
            maximising lifetime value                        delivering value across all touchpoints               and growing through advocacy




                                                         Helping customers get the most out
                                                         of their relationship with Prudential



                                                                                                                                                               Financial statements


        Proactive: from lens                     Achieving             Optimising value              Accessible and               Address customer
           of customers                       customers’ goals          from products             relevant connection               pain points




                                                                                                                                                               European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                                   Intended outcomes
                             Personalised customer experience by proactively offering relevant solutions to serve their current
                             and future needs. Equipping our agents with skills to stay connected with customers for lifelong
                                        relationships, by providing trusted advice and great customer experience.
                                  By listening to customer voices, we implement systems to improve satisfaction, loyalty
                                and market perception of our brand and products. We transcend transactional relationships
                                    and align Prudential towards our customers, who advocate us within their markets.




                                                                                                                                                               Additional information

Note
1    Excluding India, Africa, Myanmar and Laos.


                                                                                                            Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   85
ESG report / continued




Customer conduct standards
Prudential’s Group Code of Business Conduct (see the ‘Good                    Prudential’s Customer Conduct Standards
governance and responsible business practices’ section on page 140
                                                                          1. 	Treat customers fairly, honestly, and with integrity
for further details) sets out how we do business. In conjunction with
the Code, the Group Customer Conduct Risk Policy establishes five         2. 	Provide and promote products and services that meet
Customer Conduct Standards, each with its own key control processes            customer needs, are clearly explained, and deliver real value
and activities. To support good customer outcomes and fair                3.	Maintain the confidentiality of our customer information
treatment of customers, these standards inform every aspect of the        4.	Provide and promote high standards of customer service
customer journey, and cover products and services across all lines of
business, distribution channels and ecosystems. All of Prudential’s       5.	Act fairly and timely to address customer complaints and
businesses are expected to meet these customer standards, which                any errors we find
inform every aspect of our Customer Success approach.

Segmentation
1. Treat customers fairly, honestly and with integrity                         Responsible product development
Within our markets, local customer committees continually review          1. Product feasibility assessment
strategic customer initiatives, with the purpose of enhancing             Customer research is first conducted to truly understand
customer experience and mitigating risks. Local markets report            customer needs, concerns and pain points on financial security
feedback to Group-level with performance data on numerous                 and resilience for different life-stages of various customer
statistics, from turnaround time to e-registration to straight            segments. Insights from market intelligence and findings from
processing and customer feedback on key interaction touchpoints.          customer needs analysis are included in the feasibility in order to
The data and insights are shared and discussed from regional, new         form a holistic review of the concept, proposition and overall
business and policy servicing perspectives in various forums with         viability, together with business strategy, competitive positioning
strategic-level guidance to local markets on implementing changes to      and value to customers. This is an iterative approach from initial
mitigate risk, improve customer satisfaction, and facilitate best         ideation to completion of solutions as further input is fed into the
practice sharing across all markets.                                      development of solutions via focus groups.
2. Provide and promote products and services that meet                    2. Product design, pricing and approval
customer needs, are clearly explained, and deliver real value             After obtaining approval for the concept taken from the customer
Insurance products can be complex from a customer perspective,            perspective, local businesses will further refine the product
making it difficult for a customer to understand the costs and value of   concept through detailed assessment of financial metrics and
the product, and how best to utilise products to avoid poor outcomes.     operational risk assessments, stress, and scenario tests to
We put robust controls in place to mitigate such conduct risks, via       understand sensitivity to key risks, and the preparation of
regular review and monitoring programmes.                                 disclosure materials to ensure regulatory compliance.
Customer proposition                                                      3. Post-launch monitoring
The Customer Proposition Council is the forum for our business and        After product launch, local businesses proactively obtain
Group-level executives to innovate and institutionalise customer          feedback and suggestions from customers and financial advisors
solutions that can be implemented across our markets. During 2022,        on key episodes of the customer’s journey. This is to ensure that
the Council focused on evolving the young generation and family           we deliver the intended services and value, while constantly
propositions by developing and refreshing solutions with self-direct      evolving our solutions and propositions to stay relevant for
purchase, future-proof protection, and an expanded definition of          customers. In addition, a control cycle is in place to regularly
insurable interests in order to promote inclusive offerings across        monitor product approval conditions and financial viability of
diverse market segments. The Group Product Approval Committee             currently marketed products, prepare risk reports for currently
provides oversight to ensure that product-related conduct risks, at       marketed and legacy products, and provide updates to the
both product and portfolio level, are appropriately managed in            relevant governance bodies.
accordance with Prudential’s Customer Conduct Risk Policy. This
framework applies to the approvals of new insurance products,
alterations of existing products (including the launch of new funds on
investment-linked products), and permanent changes in underwriting
requirements. The Committee also ensures delegation of approval
authority and escalation where appropriate, and reviews and
assesses the financial and insurance risks associated with product
design, along with risk mitigations and proposed controls.




86                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                              prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                   Group overview




Suitability
All Prudential businesses consider product design, the quality of their          Protecting vulnerable customers


                                                                                                                                                   Strategic report
communications with customers and the value that products are               A vulnerable customer is someone who, due to their personal
likely to bring to customers. Any new products which our businesses         circumstances, is especially susceptible to harm. Each of
develop must reflect our key principles, including, but not limited to,     Prudential’s local businesses must define vulnerable customers in
meeting customer needs, having a suitable basis for pricing risk and        the context of their business, and are required to consider local
having a consistent process for determining whether the insured             regulatory and industry requirements, as well as the customers’
event has occurred.                                                         age and education/literacy level. Our businesses customise their
Product design, testing and monitoring controls are implemented to          definition to meet the local market environment by adding
ensure adherence to these principles, and to review product                 criteria as necessary (eg financial status, physical or mental
suitability, sustainability, and fairness. In 2022, this process was        disability, or other factors as appropriate).


                                                                                                                                                   Governance
strengthened with the implementation of a product conduct risk tool,        To protect vulnerable customers, appropriate training is
which each business must use to evaluate products. For each                 incorporated into the sales process on suitability requirements.
insurance product type, the tool asks customised questions, including       Mandatory induction training is conducted for all sales staff and
whether a product has been subject to heightened customer                   external contracted distribution parties, and their understanding
complaints in the past, whether the target customer segment has             is validated after the training. Definitions of vulnerable customers
sufficient familiarity with the product type, and if intended               and extra care sales requirements for dealing with them are
distributors are sufficiently knowledgeable and experienced to              included into these training programmes.
understand and distribute the product. The resulting assessment
assigns each product an overall conduct risk rating, and justifications




                                                                                                                                                   Directors’ remuneration report
and escalations are needed for products with a suboptimal score.
Additional marketing controls are enacted to ensure that any                     Acting on customer feedback
disclosures and communications to customers or other external               Prudential Hong Kong collected feedback on customer
parties (eg regulators or investors) are fair, clear and not misleading.    satisfaction levels at key interaction touchpoints. The results
We strive to ensure responsible marketing practices, including              indicated that customers expected more timely follow-ups and
sufficient controls to ensure distributors conduct sales in a manner        progress updates on their insurance applications, yet were
that considers fair treatment of customers. We also apply these             experiencing longer processing times for policy approval.
controls to our digital platforms and ecosystems, to ensure the safety      Prudential improved channel support and communication
and fair treatment of customers within these online environments.           resources, with further enhancements that included the launch of
This includes ensuring that information on products and services is         a 25-minute onboarding, and improved stability of the policy
clear and updated, and that customers using digital platforms               application system.
understand what they are paying for, including fees that will be
                                                                            The result was an upward trend in Net Promoter Score (NPS) over




                                                                                                                                                   Financial statements
charged for using the platform.
                                                                            the last five months of 2022.
3. Maintain the confidentiality of our customer information
                                                                            Responding to customer survey feedback on opaque email
Customers trust Prudential and its representatives with their personal
                                                                            correspondence with customer care, Prudential Indonesia
information. We have a duty to ensure we properly collect and
                                                                            implemented training and knowledge sharing for relevant
safeguard such data, both where we hold it on our systems and where
                                                                            employees. Engagement with external trainers (including
it is handled by our representatives and business partners. All our local
                                                                            communication professionals with psychological subject
businesses must implement controls to support the responsible
                                                                            expertise) created bespoke programmes to improve soft skills.
handling of data, and the use of AI. See the ‘Digital responsibility’
                                                                            The impact on customers has been positive, decreasing the
section on page 117 for details on how we take all reasonable steps to
                                                                            majority of response times to less than two hours, and making




                                                                                                                                                   European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
ensure that customer data is processed fairly, and in accordance with
                                                                            emails much easier for customers to understand.
applicable data protection laws.
Care
4. Provide and promote high standards of customer service
Consistent, ongoing, high-quality service and communication with
customers helps ensure products meet their needs and expectations.
Our businesses must have in place an appropriate set of customer
service metrics, which cover the relevant product life cycle and
customer journey. Our central teams work with local markets to
examine customer and distributor feedback, and to identify the root
causes of pain points and servicing issues. Regular reviews are
conducted on existing service delivery mechanisms, enabling us to
proactively correct any shortcomings.
We have developed a consistent methodology to standardise
customer feedback across each of our businesses, through a
customer satisfaction survey conducted by an independent




                                                                                                                                                   Additional information
third-party vendor. Through analysing variables such as Net Promoter
Score (NPS), we aim to craft more in-depth insights to improve
customer service across each touchpoint.




                                                                                                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   87
ESG report / continued




Claims
In line with our Group claims promise, all our local businesses must handle claims in a timely, fair, and transparent manner, and promptly disclose
product, contractual and other relevant updates. We only ask for relevant information, and strive to explain our decisions simply and clearly,
providing updates on claims progress when customers need them.
In 2022, we upgraded and digitised our learning and development programmes for our agents. This will enhance how our agents and partners
provide relevant advice and timely service to our customers, and build lasting relationships based on trust.



  Claims promise




     Timeliness                    Communication               Fairness                     Customer                     Privacy
     We handle each                with care                   We understand your           experience                   We take your privacy
     claim as soon as we           We let you know             claim is important           Your feedback is             seriously and will
     receive it, and will          when we receive             to you. We treat             important to help us         protect it at all times.
     keep you informed             your claim, require         every customer fairly.       serve you better. If
     of its progress.              additional documents,       We ensure our                you have a complaint,
                                   and the outcome             claims process is            we will deal with it
                                   of your claim. Our          clear, transparent           seriously.
                                   staff and agents are        and without
                                   professionally trained      customer bias.
                                   to guide you whenever
                                   you need help.




                                                                              Agents
       Improving customer claims                                              Agency continues to be an integral part of Prudential’s brand and
  Prudential Malaysia made progress in 2022 on enhancing the                  customer service platform. Across our markets, we have launched and
  customer claims journey. Continuous improvement in upskilling               connected a series of agency growth programmes to build
  the team, such as training on using simpler language to ensure              capabilities and expand capacity for our agency platform. To stay
  message clarity, helped drive up service quality and timeliness via         true to customer success, we are equipping our agency force to stay
  more prompt and proactive engagement and communications                     connected with customers, to build trust and provide personalised
  with customers. This resulted in positive feedback from                     advice enabled by digital tools and informed by data analytics.
  customers, who cited improvements such as more timely hospital              Prudential’s Futuready Agency programmes aim to give our agency
  admission and discharge, SMS notification updates, staff                    force a defensible competitive advantage by leveraging technology,
  helpfulness, courtesy when attending to queries and processing              behavioural science, and analytics to improve their skill-sets,
  efficiency.                                                                 capabilities, and external positioning for long-term sustainable
                                                                              growth.
                                                                              Partnership distribution
                                                                              For customers who choose to access insurance products and solutions
                                                                              via their banking relationships, we are collaborating with our bank
                                                                              partners to enable customers to access affordable healthcare, protect
                                                                              their wealth and empower them to save for goals. To do so, joint
                                                                              working groups are formed to oversee the deployment of strategic
                                                                              enablers, including product solutions, seamless experience, and sales
                                                                              force effectiveness in insurance advice that drive customer success. At
                                                                              regular steering committees, we oversee conduct risk and customer
                                                                              outcomes with our partners, discussing strategy and how to act on
                                                                              persistency, complaints, and other customer outcomes.




88                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                   prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                     Group overview




  Futuready Agency


                                                                                                                                                     Strategic report
                                                                                     Tapping talent from target segments and equipping them
                                                                   Attracting        with capabilities and resources to succeed




                                                                                     Training future leaders for the digital world
                                                                     Leading

                                                                                                                                                     Governance
                                                                                     via coaching and development




                      Futuready                                                      Defining a premium career path for purpose-driven agents
                                                                     Building
                        Agent                                                        and offering robust professional development




                                                                                                                                                     Directors’ remuneration report
                    Enabled by PRUForce:
                    Agency e-briefcase, a                                            Replicating every customer engagement discipline to fit the
                  seamless digital platform                         Nurturing        digital world to drive behaviour-led habits




Advocacy
5. Act fairly and timely to address customer complaints                             Voice of the Customer (VOC) deployment
and any errors we find                                                               in one emerging market business unit



                                                                                                                                                     Financial statements
Prudential takes customer feedback very seriously, particularly
                                                                                The main overall focus was to improve reimbursement claims
complaints. All business units are required to ensure that complaints
                                                                                NPS. Through VOC, the business was able to properly identify
received from customers are handled in a fair, timely and transparent
                                                                                critical areas, challenges and focus points to then act to improve
manner, and that processes for analysing complaints include
                                                                                them. One of the key factors impacting the customer experience
understanding their underlying cause and mitigating their recurrence.
                                                                                included challenges related to system intermittency, which
Our local businesses have independent and dedicated teams tasked                resulted in occasional disruptions and slowness. Focusing on vital
with responsibility for managing complaints and maintaining                     areas such as benefit payouts and ease in making claims, the
databases of complaints received. Across the Group as a whole, our              local business took step changes to improve customer experience.
level of complaints has remained broadly flat at two per 1,000                  These actions included revising the claims settlement letter to be




                                                                                                                                                     European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
policies in force (2021: two per 1,000 policies in force).                      more customer friendly, specifically with details on non-coverable
                                                                                items. Additional action included simplifying the claims
Our Voice of Customer (VOC) programme has continued into 2022                   submission process, such as accepting soft copies of original
with rigour and cadence which is aligned with our focus in delivering           receipts for processing.
customer success, by anticipating customer challenges. The two
aspects of the programme are:
> Transactional Touchpoint Programme (TPP): In addition to
  identifying both pain and delight points in our customers’ journey
  and experience, we maintain a disciplined and consistent feedback
  collection system. Key customer episodes are monitored and
  studied in a timely and ongoing manner. The programme is
  managed by an independent internal stakeholder, and largely
  supported by an automated solutions platform that processes key
  customer episodes at crucial touchpoints.
> Competitive Benchmarking: This explores how customers in
  specific markets view Prudential, based on our strategic initiatives.




                                                                                                                                                     Additional information
  We commissioned periodic studies, conducted by an independent
  third-party research agency, to confirm the rigour of our results.
Both these initiatives collect timely feedback to identify improvement
actions, and illustrate where we stand relative to competitors. The
purpose is to prioritise resources in alignment with insights from
research, and more fully understand, anticipate, and respond to
evolving customer needs.


                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    89
ESG report / continued




Strategic Pillar: Stewarding the human                                        Prudential firmly believes in the need for a just and inclusive
                                                                              transition, in a way that actively places the considerations of
impacts of climate change                                                     emerging markets at the forefront of discussions. As a significant
                                                                              investor and asset owner with long-term investment horizons and
The continued fight to limit climate change, by globally transitioning        liabilities, we believe that we are well placed to support this just and
towards to low-carbon economies, remains one of the greatest                  inclusive transition in emerging markets. We are also able to bring an
challenges of our time. The economic, societal and individual                 emerging markets perspective to stakeholder discussions to help
consequences of climate change are expected to only increase,                 ensure the need for a just and inclusive transition in those markets is
particularly across the Asia and Africa regions in which Prudential           considered in policy and regulation. We support initiatives for
operates.                                                                     sustainable development and energy transition in all our markets
                                                                              through collaborative and collective engagement. We are actively
Decarbonising the global economy requires global solutions. Global            working with our investee companies to transition to net-zero
decarbonisation needs to be managed in a just and inclusive way,              business models, and we continue to decarbonise our investment
which requires considering the specific needs of emerging markets.            portfolio and our own operations.
The needs of these markets typically include higher dependence on
fossil fuels, insufficient means to finance the transition through clean      An index is included in the Reference section to demonstrate how we
energy and other climate solutions, and unfinanced basic                      are meeting the recommendations of the TCFD. Our first Climate
development needs. These markets have also typically contributed              Transition Plan is published alongside this report (www.prudentialplc.
less historically to the levels of carbon emissions in the atmosphere,        com/~/media/Files/P/Prudential-V13/esg-report/climate-transition-
whilst not always being included within mainstream climate                    plan-2022.pdf), setting out further detail on our net-zero
discussions and initiatives.                                                  commitments, including our targets and actions supporting our
                                                                              transition toward a low-carbon economy.




  Our climate journey to date

     2018                     2019                     2020                    2021                         2022
     > Endorsed               > Published our first    > Undertook             > Established Board          > Initiated subtrack within
       the TCFD                 TCFD-aligned             scenario analysis       Responsibility               NZAOA: Emerging Markets
       recommendations          disclosure               and stress testing      & Sustainability             Transition Investment
     > Established              (investments             across three            Working Group                (EMTI) project
       ESG Executive            not included)            climate scenarios     > Committed to net              – EMTI published paper
       Committee              > Set operational        > Disclosed material      zero by 2050                    on recommendations of
     > Eastspring               climate targets          climate risks and     > Set short-term climate          accelerating transition
       becomes                  for 2030                 responses               investment targets              investment in EM
       PRI signatory                                   > New Group             > Joined the Net Zero        > Launched the ‘Just and Inclusive
                                                         ESG Committee           Asset Owners Alliance        Transition’ paper articulating our
                                                         established           > Disclosed weighted           view on the climate transition
                                                       > Eastspring join         average carbon               for our markets
                                                         Climate Action          intensity (WACI)           > Formulated sectoral climate
                                                         100+                    & impact of climate          views
                                                       > Developed our           scenarios across           > Further enhanced disclosure
                                                         new Group               geographies                  on metrics, including absolute
                                                         ESG Strategic         > Integrated climate           financed emissions
                                                         Framework               risk into enterprise       > Joined the Vietnam Just
                                                                                 risk management              Energy Transition Partnership
                                                                               > Updated our                  working group
                                                                                 Group Responsible
                                                                                 Investment Policy




90                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                    prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                        Group overview




Climate-related targets and metrics                                           and to pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5°C above
Targets and progress made                                                     pre-industrial levels, recognising that this would significantly reduce



                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
We have set ourselves targets for both our investment portfolio and           the risks and impacts from climate change. Our short-term targets for
our operations. These targets, and our ambition to achieve them,              our investment portfolio include both listed equities and corporate
remain unchanged during this period of global energy crisis as the            bonds, while excluding assets held by joint venture businesses and
need continues to accelerate the transition to low-carbon energy in a         assets in unit-linked funds, as we do not have full authority to change
just and inclusive way.                                                       the investment strategies of these assets.
In 2021, we announced pledges through which Prudential will play its          In 2020, we set climate targets for our operations to become carbon
part in the transition to a global low-carbon economy and the                 neutral and deliver operational emissions intensity improvements.
collective efforts to limit the rise in global warming. Our long-term         We seek to actively reduce our direct impact on the environment in
pledge is to become net zero by 2050, with the short-term investment          line with our purpose of improving the lives of our customers and their


                                                                                                                                                        Governance
pledges discussed in the ‘Our short-term targets and progress made’           communities. Our progress against this target is summarised in the
table. These pledges support the achievement of the Paris                     table below, with more detail provided in the Managing our direct
Agreement goals to limit the increase in the global average                   operational environmental impacts section.
temperature by 2100 to well below 2°C above pre-industrial levels,

Our short-term targets and progress made

Target                                                                        Board’s evaluation of progress




                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ remuneration report
Deliver a 25 per cent reduction in the carbon emissions intensity of our      On track: by the end of 2022, we had reduced the weighted average
investment portfolio by 2025 against our 2019 baseline                        carbon intensity (WACI) of our investment portfolio by 43 per cent

Divest from all direct investments in businesses that derive more than        Substantively completed:
30 per cent of their income from coal, with equities to be fully divested     > In 2021, we fully achieved our divestment from coal equities
from by the end of 2021 and fixed-income assets fully divested from by        > By the end of 2022, we had substantively completed our
the end of 2022                                                                 divestment from coal bonds with one holding remaining as a result
                                                                                of market conditions. We continue to seek opportunities to divest
                                                                                from the remaining holding and intend to do so as soon as
                                                                                practicable

Engage with the companies responsible for 65 per cent of the absolute         Fully met: This is a continuing annual target, which we have fully met
emissions in our investment portfolio                                         in 2022 for the identified cohort of companies




                                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
Deliver a 25 per cent reduction in our operational emissions intensity from   On track: We achieved an intensity ratio of 1.21 tCO2e/FTE for 2022,
a 2016 baseline, abating the remaining emissions via carbon offsetting        keeping us ahead of the emissions reduction trajectory required to
initiatives, to become carbon neutral across our Scope 1 and 2 (market-       meet our 2030 target of 1.65 tCO2e/FTE
based) emissions by the end of 2030


We provide additional commentary in this section on the carbon                The WACI of our investment portfolio has declined by 43 per cent
emissions intensity reduction and divestment from coal holdings. We           compared with our 2019 baseline. The WACI of our portfolio changes




                                                                                                                                                        European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
provide a description of our engagement approach and examples of              due to movements in the carbon intensity of the invested companies,
the impact of our engagement in the Active ownership section in the           movements in market prices and our own actions to change their
‘Responsible Investment enabler’ chapter. We also provide further             weight in our investment portfolio (through strategic asset allocation,
detail on how we are decarbonising our operations in the ‘Managing            portfolio construction and investment selection). The decline to date
our direct operational impacts’ section.                                      has been driven largely by the implementation of our coal policy and
                                                                              the implementation of WACI budgets to a number of our equity
Reduction in WACI                                                             strategies. However, we believe more real-world impact can be
We operate in both developed and emerging markets in Asia and                 achieved through financing the transition and engagement, rather
Africa, and the carbon footprint of investments in these markets,             than simply changing the portfolio to optimise our carbon footprint.
which underlies our WACI, remains higher than in areas such as                Therefore, we do not anticipate that the trend will continue at the
Europe. Our public target remains to achieve a 25 per cent reduction          same pace going forward. Were the scope of our investment portfolio
in the WACI in our investment portfolio by 2025, while continuing to          to change, we would have the opportunity to re-evaluate the progress
support a just and inclusive transition in the markets in which we            achieved and the target, in line with the target setting protocol from
operate. We continue to keep all our climate targets under regular            the NZAOA.
review to ensure they take into account evolving scientific data, and
remain appropriate for our markets and aligned to our strategy                Our focus on financing the transition, for example through green
around the pursuit of a just and inclusive transition. Our Climate            bonds and mechanisms such as the energy transition mechanism
Transition Plan, published alongside this report, sets out further detail     and the Just Energy Transition Partnership, may mean that the




                                                                                                                                                        Additional information
on our net-zero commitments, including scheduled future updates to            WACI could increase in the short term as we support companies as
our targets such as revising our WACI target during 2024.                     they transition. We also believe engagement can be effective, as
                                                                              reflected by our engagement target, but this requires more patience
                                                                              and the decarbonisation achieved by our investee companies will
                                                                              take time to be reflected in our carbon footprint due to the time lag
                                                                              in reported data.



                                                                                                         Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   91
ESG report / continued




Divestment from coal holdings                                                            Choice of metrics
In 2021, we fully divested from equities meeting the policy criteria,                    We continue to review climate metrics used by the financial sector for
which we continue to monitor so as to maintain this divestment                           their appropriateness to our markets and practicality of use, such as
position. By the end of 2022, we had substantively completed our                         data availability (ie coverage). We use a combination of absolute and
commitment to divest from coal bonds meeting the policy criteria: we                     intensity emissions metrics to measure our exposure to climate-
had divested from 97 per cent of the coal bonds held at 31 March                         related risks, with the combination recognising the strengths of
2021, the date used for our May 2021 commitment. Due to illiquidity                      certain metrics while also addressing their shortcomings. Absolute
in the market, we were unable to fully divest from one remaining                         emissions measure the total carbon footprint associated with the
holding of $12.1m, which illustrates the degree of challenge in                          investments held in our investment portfolio, whereas WACI
implementing a divestment strategy in our markets. We continue to                        compares that carbon footprint to the revenue also associated with
seek opportunities to divest from the remaining holding and intend to                    the investments in the investment portfolio.
do so as soon as practicable. We also continue to engage with the
issuer on other options for us to divest from this holding as we believe                 We use WACI to compare progress in intensity improvements in
we have set our coal policy in a just and inclusive manner. Since                        different portfolios, noting that data availability remains an ongoing
31 December 2022, we have further divested from this coal bond.                          challenge as described in the ‘Targets and progress made’ section.
                                                                                         A key benefit of WACI is that it allows comparisons between different
Data availability                                                                        investment portfolios, which is very important in our roles of asset
As a data user, we are at the end of the data value chain, using data                    owner and asset manager. By reducing the WACI of our portfolios, we
disclosed by investees through reporting frameworks such as the                          aim to also support the transition to a low-carbon economy. We use
TCFD recommendations and CDP. As discussed in the Financial                              the WACI as a proxy for the transition risk in our investment portfolio:
Stability Board’s 2022 TCFD status report, which describes the global                    a higher WACI normally indicates that an investment portfolio has to
state of alignment of companies’ reporting with the TCFD                                 transition more extensively to align with the Paris Agreement.
recommendations, the TCFD-aligned reporting by region is notably
lower across Asia and Africa, ie the regions where we operate. Data                      We use absolute emissions to identify the investee companies for our
availability therefore remains an ongoing challenge, as is reflected in                  engagement targets, to help reduce absolute levels of carbon
the coverage level of the WACI and financed emissions for our                            emissions. Our belief is that engagement is preferable to divestment
investment portfolio shown in this section. We continue to work with                     in supporting a just and inclusive transition, with divestment
data providers and our asset managers to improve the availability of                     considered only in appropriate circumstances as the ultimate course
data. An increase in data coverage may have the impact of either                         of action. Engagement continues to be a core part of providing
raising or lowering the WACI of our investment portfolio if the profile                  effective stewardship and we monitor the progress in meeting this
of the new companies’ data is different to those already included in                     annual target of reviewing and engaging with investees responsible
the current coverage. We expect such limitations to be overcome as                       for 65 per cent of the absolute emissions in our investment portfolio.
more climate disclosures occur in these regions, potentially using                       We seek to encourage sustainable business and management
established frameworks such as the TCFD or the anticipated                               practices through constructive engagement, based on our in-depth
standards from the International Sustainability Standards Board                          knowledge of the companies and their business environment.
(ISSB).                                                                                  We have set our coal policy in a way we believe supports a just and
Average percentage of TCFD-aligned disclosure by region                                  inclusive transition in the markets where we operate, as discussed in
                                                                                         the ‘Supporting a just and inclusive transition’ section. The threshold
Region                                                                    Per cent (%)   for our coal policy was set to balance the risk and return, while also
                                                                                         allowing companies in our markets to phase out coal in an inclusive
Europe                                                                             60    manner.
Asia Pacific                                                                       36
                                                                                         For operations, we use intensity to measure our reduction in per full
North America                                                                      29    time employee, to support our target in becoming carbon neutral
Latin America                                                                      28    across Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) emissions by the end of 2030.
                                                                                         Further information on our operations is provided in the ‘Managing
Middle East and Africa                                                             25    our direct operational environmental impacts’ section.
Source: https://assets.bbhub.io/company/sites/60/2022/10/2022-TCFD-Status-Report.pdf




92                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                           prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                          Group overview




Movement in metrics                                                                                   2022                                                 2021

Target-related metrics



                                                                                                                                                                                          Strategic report
WACI (weighted average of tCO2e/$mn revenue)                                                          219*                                                 296
    Coverage for the WACI of the investment portfolio                                                 67%                                                  69%
Holdings in companies with more than 30 per cent of revenue from coal                                 Substantially divested from bonds                    Fully divested from equities
Engagement with the companies responsible for 65 per cent                                             Reviewed 100%                                        Reviewed 44%
  of the absolute emissions in our investment portfolio                                               Engaged 100%                                         Engaged 31%
Operational emissions intensity (tCO2e/FTE)                                                           1.21*                                                1.47
Our own operations

                                                                                                                                                                                          Governance
Scope 1 (tCO2e)                                                                                       1,645*                                               1,481
Scope 2 – market-based (tCO2e)                                                                        16,938*                                              19,986
Scope 2 – location based (tCO2e)                                                                      19,880*                                              21,547
Scope 3 (upstream activities)† (tCO e)    2                                                           9,487*                                               8,798
Our financed emissions
Scope 3: Downstream activities (financed emissions) (tCO2e)‡                                          3,100,000*                                           4,700,000




                                                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ remuneration report
*     Within the scope of EY assurance – for further information, see the ‘Scope 3 emissions review’ section of this report and the Basis of Reporting
      (www.prudentialplc.com/~/media/Files/P/Prudential-V13/esg-report/basis-of-reporting-2022.pdf) which notes those Scope 3 categories that were within the scope of EY assurance.
†     Includes Scope 3 categories: 3 (fuel- and energy-related activities, 5 (waste generated in operations) and 6 (business travel).
‡     Reflecting the absolute emissions of the assets in the WACI calculation where the underlying data is available as detailed in the Basis of Reporting
      (www.prudentialplc.com/~/media/Files/P/Prudential-V13/esg-report/basis-of-reporting-2022.pdf).


Forward-looking metrics                                                                             The Net Zero Insurance Alliance (NZIA) and the Science Based
In collaboration with our asset management and asset owner                                          Targets initiative (SBTi)
businesses, we continue to develop further metrics that are                                         We continue to monitor industry initiatives, such as the Net Zero
appropriate for our business, support enhanced management of and                                    Insurance Alliance (NZIA) and the Science Based Targets initiative
reporting on climate-related risks, and integrate into investment                                   (SBTi).
processes to support our responsible investment framework.
                                                                                                    The NZIA’s members commit to ‘transition their insurance and




                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial statements
During the year, we reviewed peer practices and industry                                            reinsurance underwriting portfolios to net-zero carbon emissions
recommendations regarding forward-looking metrics, such as                                          by 2050, consistent with a maximum temperature rise of 1.5°C
Climate Value at Risk (C-VAR) and implied temperature risk (ITR).                                   above pre-industrial levels by 2100, in order to contribute to the
We have identified that these metrics are appropriate for internal use                              implementation of the Paris Agreement on Climate Change’.
at this stage, despite having limitations surrounding data availability                             The current scope of this alliance is property and casualty insurance.
and the level of assumptions underlying the methodologies. As of                                    This scope excludes Prudential, as a life and health business, which
late 2022, our internal reporting has been enhanced to include the                                  does not underwrite carbon intense activities. Therefore joining the
ITR as an indicator of the level of temperature alignment of our                                    NZIA at this time is not a current priority for us, and we will continue
investment portfolio, and C-VAR as an indicator of the forward-                                     to evaluate its appropriateness moving forward.




                                                                                                                                                                                          European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
looking exposure on the investment portfolio’s exposure to physical
and transition climate change risks. We continue to develop our                                     During 2022, as part of our ongoing review of our climate targets, we
internal understanding of these metrics, while giving consideration                                 undertook an internal review of the Science Based Targets initiative
to disclosing them externally when these shortcomings are                                           (SBTi) and engaged with the SBTi to understand their view of the
appropriately overcome or can be mitigated.                                                         methodology’s application in emerging markets . The SBTi uses
                                                                                                    global decarbonisation targets and pathways for their verification
                                                                                                    which do not distinguish between the differing needs for emerging
                                                                                                    markets and developed markets. Aligned with our approach to a just
                                                                                                    and inclusive transition, we believe it is critical that we engage with
                                                                                                    countries and companies to work with them to overcome their
                                                                                                    transition challenges. A part of this approach is reflecting the nuances
                                                                                                    of the challenges faced by specific countries, for example in balancing
                                                                                                    economic growth and decarbonisation. This leads to differences in
                                                                                                    pace of decarbonisation as accepted in the Paris Agreement through
                                                                                                    the ‘common but differentiated responsibilities’ principle, which we
                                                                                                    try to integrate in our Responsible Investment approach and
                                                                                                    articulated in our Just and Inclusive Transition paper. We continue to
                                                                                                    engage with the SBTi and monitor its publications to explore how the




                                                                                                                                                                                          Additional information
                                                                                                    methodology can be appropriately applied in our markets, in a
                                                                                                    manner that is consistent with the needs of emerging markets and
                                                                                                    our broader philosophy.




                                                                                                                                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022             93
ESG report / continued




Identifying climate-related opportunities                                  We focus on life, health and wealth products and therefore do not
                                                                           have carbon emissions intensive activities in our underwriting
                                                                           portfolio. Climate change is creating opportunities for new savings
       Our purpose                                                         and insurance products:
  We help people get the most out of life, by making healthcare
  affordable and accessible and by promoting financial inclusion.          > New savings products could incorporate the financing mechanisms
  We protect people’s wealth, help them grow their assets,                   described above, including increasing the green bonds investments
  and empower them to save for their goals.                                  in our investment portfolio and our investment-linked products
                                                                             (ILPs), as described in the ‘Capital allocation’ section.
                                                                           > New health and protection products need to reflect the impact of
We recognise that our business purpose and strategy allows us to             climate change on human health via changes in the frequency,
generate climate-related opportunities for the Group through the             severity and emergence of certain diseases, such as the dengue
implementation of our strategic ESG framework, including our goal to         cover we currently provide.
decarbonise our investment portfolio, while supporting a just and          > Recognising that financial security at all levels is a climate
inclusive transition. During 2022 we internally identified the following     adaptation measure, we are actively developing inclusive insurance
categories of climate opportunities relevant to our business, which we       products as described in the ‘Making health and financial security
continue to explore and develop further:                                     accessible’ section, which also explains how we are developing
                                                                             more products for underserved sections of the market.
> Financing mechanisms: investment in green bonds, transition
  financing and adaptation financing;                                      We continue to explore using technology and innovation to support
> Savings and insurance products: increase ESG/impact investment           sustainability and climate education. For example, our Philippines
  and climate-related health product offerings;                            business released a three-part webisode series in December 2022 via
> Technology and innovation: use technology to support                     YouTube. The web series proposes financial security to be recognised
  sustainability and climate education; and                                as a climate adaptation measure with insurance coverage being one
                                                                           way to achieve this. The webisodes, entitled ‘Pru Life UK Healthscape
> Customers and employees: engage, educate and support our                 Webisodes: The Big Change’, brought together thought leaders from
  customers and employees on sustainability and climate change.            healthcare, insurance and the government. The webisodes were
Both as a significant investor and an asset owner with long-term           designed to further raise awareness and educate the public about
investment horizons and liabilities, the Group continues to be in a        climate health risks and their impact on financial security. The topics
position to invest in financing mechanisms linked to climate               covered in each webisode are:
mitigation and resilience. Our strategic asset allocation process allows   > Webisode 1: Climate impacts on health and financial security
us to pursue such investment opportunities. The ‘Supporting a just           (https://youtu.be/_ciLKgN5cZM)
and inclusive transition’ section and the ‘Our paper on the just and
inclusive transition’ box provides further detail on how we are            > Webisode 2: Financial Security as a Climate Adaptation Measure
supporting the development of such financing mechanisms, such as             (https://youtu.be/ZESnkuAiang)
blended finance. We have developed, and continue to implement, our         > Webisode 3: The Role of Insurance in Climate Mitigation and
responsible investment framework, with more information available            Adaptation (https://youtu.be/bAnq-6h7DWA)
in the ‘Responsible investment’ section.                                   We have initiated new research partnerships during 2022, as
A key input to our strategic asset allocation process is our capital       described in the call out box. The findings from this research are not
market assumptions (CMAs). The CMAs are our economic                       only expected to help inform solution design, innovation and
assumptions which we use across our financial metrics and asset            development opportunities, but also help us engage, educate and
classes, and they span financial markets around the world with a           support our customers and employees.
focus on countries in which Prudential operates and invests. The
CMAs are set using a highly controlled process, including the use of
comprehensive research studies, economic models and projections of
the key drivers underlying the economic variables. This year we have
included explicit climate information into our CMAs, covering the
impact from both climate-related transition and physical risks. This
inclusion required the development and adoption of a Group view of
how and when climate policies could plausibly be implemented, and
understanding the significance to the CMAs from these potential
policies. As the underlying climate financial data and tools are in the
initial stage of development, we will continue to review climate-
related drivers and their impact on our CMAs on an annual basis.




94                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                 prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                     Group overview




                                                                                                                                                     Strategic report




                                                                                                                                                     Governance




                                                                                                                                                     Directors’ remuneration report




                                                                                                                                                     Financial statements
                                                                       Impact on financial and strategic planning
     Research partnerships                                             As part of our annual strategy and financial planning exercise, we
In 2022, we embarked on a two-year research partnership with           apply internally developed stresses to the projected strategy to test
the Earth Observatory of Singapore (EOS) at Nanyang                    its robustness. The level of these stresses are more stringent than the
Technological University (NTU) in Singapore to examine the             impact from the climate scenarios, described in the ‘Climate-related
intersection of climate change and health. The Prudential EOS          scenario testing’ section, over the planning period. Given that the
Climate Impacts Initiative will focus on 10 key markets across         strategy withstands these more stringent tests, we have confidence
Asia and Africa including Singapore, Hong Kong, CÔte d’Ivoire,         that the strategy and financial plan remain viable over the period
Nigeria, Kenya, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Thailand         under assessment. We also request local businesses to identify how
and Vietnam. It will be carried out over two phases from 2022 to       our ESG strategy and responsible investment initiatives, including




                                                                                                                                                     European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
2023. The first phase of the research involves reviewing historical    climate change, are being taken into account in product development
records of air quality and health impacts in the countries/cities in   and current products.
the recent two decades. The second phase will entail projecting        Impact on access to capital
future air quality and its health impact on individuals that           We raise capital through the bond or equity markets to pursue
consider several emission scenarios including SSP370 and               strategic opportunities, such as mergers and acquisitions or entering
SSP585. We are hopeful that the outcome and findings of the            new markets. We raise capital principally from institutional investors,
research will help generate ideas and evaluate market                  who, in our view, are not expected to have diminished sources of
opportunities in terms of investments and products linked to           capital for us to access due to climate change. Prudential issued debt
climate resilience.                                                    in March 2022 and during this and in our historic capital raises, we
Additionally, Prudential, via Prudence Foundation (which is            have not been impacted by the risks from climate change to our
described in the ‘Community engagement and investment’                 business.
section), is funding research by the International Federation of       Our ongoing access to capital is supported by the continued
the Red Cross’s Climate Centre to examine the compound health          maintenance of our high credit ratings. In deciding on credit ratings,
risks of heat, humidity, and air pollution, and what effective early   the credit rating agencies make an assessment of our business profile
actions can be taken to reduce this risk. For more information,        and financial flexibility, including our ability to access capital markets.
visit https://www.prudentialplc.com/en/news-and-insights/              ESG factors have not, to date, had a material impact on the




                                                                                                                                                     Additional information
all-news/news-releases/2023/06-02-2023                                 creditworthiness of our business or its assessment by the credit rating
                                                                       agencies; however, they have become a topic of regular discussion
                                                                       and interest which features in our annual meetings with the rating
                                                                       agencies.




                                                                                                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    95
ESG report / continued




Identifying, assessing, managing and responding                                  Time horizons for climate
to climate-related risks                                                         Work to further embed ESG considerations into the Group Risk
Identifying and assessing climate-related risks                                  Framework (GRF) has continued through the year to incorporate
To enable us to continue to be a long-term and resilient business                characteristics associated with climate and ESG risks. The GRF has
serving our customers, we actively identify and assess how climate               been updated to include the need to consider the time horizons over
change can impact our business. The risk identification processes in             which the benefits and/or paybacks of risk-based decisions are
our Group Risk Framework (described in the ‘Risk review’ section)                expected to be achieved within core strategic processes. Time
recognise thematic emerging and principal risks. ESG risks, which                horizons relating to climate, chosen to reflect the timing over which
include climate-related risk, are identified as a Group principal risk.          transition and physical climate-related risks and opportunities could
The ‘Risk review’ section identifies the principal risks which are also          reasonably arise, are defined as:
material from a climate perspective. The GRC and the Board receive
updates on the principal risks identified, the Group’s exposure to these         > short term: zero to three years,
risks and subsequent management activities. Further detail on the                > medium term: three to five years, and
governance of climate-related risk is provided in the ‘ESG governance            > long term: five to 30 years.
overview’ section.                                                               Our holistic process enabled us to identify the following areas of
Climate-related risks are considered within our existing risk                    potential exposure to climate-related risks over the short, medium,
management processes to determine the relative significance of                   and long term:
climate-related risks in relation to other risks. Prudential treats climate
risk as a cross-cutting amplifier of the existing standalone risk types.
By treating climate-related risk as a cross-cutting risk, we recognise
that there could be significant interdependencies with, and impacts
on, other established standalone risks, such as credit, market,
insurance and operational risk.

Areas of potential exposure to climate-related risks                                                                             Main affected time horizon

Strategy implementation – As the Group implements its ESG strategy and climate-related commitments, there is a                   Short and
continuing need to balance potentially different interests, expectations and objectives, both within and across                  medium term
stakeholder groups.

Financial resilience – Our assets under management are at risk of physical climate risk in the long term. Some of our            Short, medium
assets under management are in high emission, carbon-intensive and carbon-reliant sectors. These assets are exposed              and long term
to transition risk in the short and medium term, potentially resulting in increased levels of price volatility, reduced levels
of liquidity, taxation, regulation and/or reduced demand, which could lead to impairments, downgrades and/or
stranding if they fail to adapt, innovate or transition to a lower-carbon business model.

Insurance and product risks – Our strategy focuses on life, health and wealth products, which excludes us from                   Long term
underwriting carbon emissions-intensive activities. Climate change could impact our customers’ health and livelihoods,
which could result in changes in mortality, morbidity and/or persistency for our life and health underwriting portfolio.

Operational resilience – Climate change could have physical impacts on our operations. The impact from such                      Long term
climate events on operational resilience, including the impact on third-party providers and the servicing of our
customers, is explored in our operational risk scenarios.

Data and model limitations – Current limitations in financial climate data quality and availability, and asset and               Short and
liability modelling tools, make it challenging to accurately assess the financial impact on the Group, particularly for          medium term
longer-term time horizons.

Regulatory, legislative and disclosure expectations – The pace and volume of new climate-related regulation                      Short and
across the Group’s markets could pose compliance and operational challenges that may necessitate multi-jurisdictional            medium term
coordination. The increasing disclosure expectations of stakeholders heightens the potential for litigation risk
associated with external reporting conveying a materially false impression or misleading information.




96                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                    prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                         Group overview




Building on the updates made in the previous year to the Group Risk Framework, a number of additional risk characteristics associated with
climate and ESG themes, which are not explicitly recognised in more traditional risk management practices and frameworks, have been added to



                                                                                                                                                         Strategic report
our risk management framework.

Sustainability risk characteristics   Considerations

Cross-cutting risk                    Risk has significant interdependencies with, and influence on, other established/traditional risks, including
                                      the potential to amplify their impact.

Longer time horizons                  Some aspects of ESG/sustainability risks may emerge in the near term, while others may develop over a
                                      much longer time period than traditional risks.


                                                                                                                                                         Governance
Double materiality                    Recognises that the company can be both ‘impacted by’ ESG/sustainability issues, and can have an ‘impact
                                      on’ those issues in the external world.

Dynamic materiality                   A topic can rapidly change from being immaterial to material.

Multiple stakeholders                 The company’s actions can impact a wide range of stakeholders including employees, customers,
                                      communities and the environment (ie people and planet).


Other updates to incorporate consideration of the climate and ESG             Managing and responding to climate-related risks




                                                                                                                                                         Directors’ remuneration report
risk characteristics into appropriate areas of the Group Risk                 While many climate-related risks are common at Group and business
Framework include:                                                            level, the nature, focus and impact of these risks can differ across the
                                                                              Group’s markets. Our emerging risk process, at both the Group and
> As part of the risk taxonomy refresh, a double materiality lens has         the business level, helps ensure that we continue to quickly identify
  been introduced with the inclusion of ‘social and environmental             and adapt nimbly to new and evolving climate change and ESG
  responsibility’ as a strategic risk;                                        topics. During 2022, we continued to focus on developing our
> The non-financial risk appetite framework reflects a stakeholder-           understanding of our exposure to actual and potential climate-
  focused approach which supports the Group ESG Strategic                     related risks and their associated impacts on the Group, focusing on
  Framework and recognises a broader set of stakeholders as one of            key local markets in Asia. Ongoing engagement with the local
  the key characteristics defining sustainability and climate risks;          businesses is focused on six core areas, four of which reflect the TCFD
> The risk and control self-assessment libraries were reviewed to             pillars (internal governance arrangements, local strategy
  identify key risks and controls which support the pillars and               developments, embedding risk management considerations, and




                                                                                                                                                         Financial statements
  enablers of the ESG Strategic Framework;                                    appropriate metrics and targets), with the others being training and
> The tools developed to assist with managing against the Group’s             local regulatory change and engagement.
  external Responsible Investment commitments, including the
  Weighted Average Carbon Intensity (WACI) calculation and                    We recognise the fast pace of climate-related regulatory change.
  reporting tools, have been included in the Model Risk inventory;            Engagement with the local businesses has included a focus on
  and                                                                         understanding the current ESG regulatory landscape and internal
                                                                              governance arrangements to help coordinate local responses. As
> Noting increasing stakeholder and disclosure expectations around            previously noted, while the application of TCFD-aligned reporting in
  quantification of climate risk exposure, climate scenario stress            Asia has been lower than in Europe (36 per cent of companies, vs
  testing results were included in the Group Own Risk and Solvency            60 per cent in Europe), some regulators and supervisors in the region




                                                                                                                                                         European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
  Assessment (ORSA) report.                                                   are starting to plan for local adoption of reporting against the TCFD
                                                                              framework. We have been providing, and continue to provide, support
                                                                              for these businesses in their adoption plans which to ensure
                                                                              appropriate alignment between Group and any local disclosures.




                                                                                                                                                         Additional information




                                                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   97
ESG report / continued




Climate-related scenario testing
Scenario testing is a key tool to improve understanding and support                                             Summary of the scenarios used
decision-making. Scenario testing is particularly useful for raising                                             for stress testing
awareness of climate change risks due to the wide scope and
                                                                                                          > Orderly transition scenario: This below 2°C scenario includes
unknown timing of potential mitigation and adaptation actions. We
                                                                                                            transition impacts as well as physical impacts in line with a
monitored and evaluated developments in climate scenario testing,
                                                                                                            1.6°C increase in temperature by 2100, compared with the
including publications by our regulators, and global bodies including
                                                                                                            average temperature between 1850 and 1900, in line with the
the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS) and the
                                                                                                            IPCC Representative Concentration Pathway1 (RCP) 2.6,
Network for Greening the Financial System (NGFS), as well as
                                                                                                            through the orderly introduction of climate policies. Ambitious
publications by the Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI), the
                                                                                                            climate policies are introduced immediately. However, even as
Transition Pathway Initiative (TPI), United Nations
                                                                                                            emissions are lowered, acute and chronic extreme weather
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) and the
                                                                                                            continues to increase compared with today, resulting in
International Energy Agency (IEA).
                                                                                                            increased physical loss and damages. There is a marked
Climate scenarios used                                                                                      reduction in fossil fuel demand, higher carbon taxes and
Investigating different methodologies appropriate to our nature,                                            investments in low-carbon electricity generation and
scale and complexity supports our ability to engage with our Group                                          manufacturing.
and local business regulators on this topic. During the year we have                                      > Disorderly transition scenario: This below 2°C scenario
further developed the sophistication of our use of scenario testing,                                        ultimately includes similar levels of transition policy
using different scenarios for different purposes based on the business                                      assumptions and physical impacts to the orderly transition
need:                                                                                                       scenario, but the policies are introduced in a delayed and
                                                                                                            disorderly manner resulting in increased market volatility in the
> The orderly transition, disorderly transition and hot house world
                                                                                                            medium term. There is particularly increased volatility in the
  scenarios from the NGFS provide plausible routes that can be used
                                                                                                            fossil-fuel intensive sectors and regions, but there is also
  for testing the continued robustness of strategy, finances and
                                                                                                            increased volatility in all sectors due to the disorderly nature in
  operations, known as ‘stress testing’;
                                                                                                            which the climate policies are implemented.
> The scenarios from the PRI, such as the forecast policy scenario,
                                                                                                          > Hot house world scenario: This scenario includes physical
  are designed to assess the economic impact of likely policy
                                                                                                            impacts in line with a greater than 4°C increase in temperature
  developments, which can be used for informing our central market
                                                                                                            by 2100. The physical impacts include irreversible damage to
  assumptions; and
                                                                                                            the climate, resulting in extreme increases in acute and chronic
> The IPCC, IEA and TPI provide science-based pathways for how                                              extreme weather in line with RCP 8.5. For example, many
  global and sectoral decarbonisation can be achieved to meet the                                           countries suffer extreme droughts and water shortages. Some
  Paris Agreement goals, which can be used for investee                                                     regions will experience greater levels of warming than 4°C,
  engagement to support achieving real world change, as described                                           resulting in certain parts of the world becoming unfit for
  in the ‘Sectoral decarbonisation pathways box in the Responsible                                          agricultural production and human habitation. No further
  Investment’ section.                                                                                      climate policies are introduced in this scenario beyond those
For our stress testing work, we use the orderly transition, disorderly                                      already announced, resulting in few transition impacts being
transition and hot house world scenarios aligned to those provided                                          assessed.
by the NGFS, to identify risks over the short, medium and long term.
These scenarios are very rich in detail, providing high levels of insight
into the financial implications that could emerge from such
pathways. The three scenarios provide plausible future outcomes and
are constructed to simulate the complex and non-linear interactions
between energy, economy and climate systems. They also account
for various policy and technology developments, supporting a
sophisticated exploration of the different plausible futures and the
impacts from trade-offs between the policy and technology options.
A key difference between the calibration we use for these scenarios,
versus the NGFS’s calibration which uses general equilibrium
economic models, is the use of non-equilibrium economic models:
we believe the non-equilibrium economic models better allow for
real-world inefficiencies and decision making that could be expected
to be part of the transition to low-carbon economies. The box in this
section provides a summary of the scenarios, including the range of
climate-related events considered in the scenario testing work.




Note
1    Further detail on the climate-related events from the RCP2.6 can be found in the UN IPCC’s reports at https://www.ipcc.ch/.


98                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                         prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Group overview




Carbon prices used in scenario testing
Carbon prices are used in our climate scenario testing work as a proxy for the climate policies that could be enacted by governments. The table



                                                                                                                                                                                                     Strategic report
below shows the carbon prices from the NGFS transition scenarios for the regions Prudential operates in. These prices show:
> The carbon prices continue to rise as government policies are expected to increase;
> The prices in the disorderly transition are consistently higher than in the orderly transition which results in bigger market impacts; and
> Carbon prices can be set in a way which reflects the different regional needs, for example the Asia and Sub-Saharan Africa carbon prices are
  lower than the World prices.
Carbon prices in NGFS transition scenarios

Orderly transition scenario (US$/tCO2)



                                                                                                                                                                                                     Governance
Region                                                               2025                2030                2035                2040                2045                2050                 2055

World                                                                85.0               114.6              180.7               255.2               345.1               451.2                 493.9
Asia                                                                 61.5                87.4              122.7               171.4               237.6               325.4                 366.0
Sub-Saharan Africa                                                   25.2                42.2               74.3               127.9               209.4               325.4                 366.0
Disorderly transition scenario (US$/tCO2)

Region                                                               2025                2030                2035                2040                2045                2050                 2055

World                                                               192.6               261.0              336.1               428.0               545.9               700.8                 790.6
Asia                                                                139.7               197.8              276.1               377.0               512.6               698.9                 797.8




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Directors’ remuneration report
Sub-Saharan Africa                                                   64.7               105.0              180.0               306.3               479.7               716.3                 793.6

Source: NGFS Scenario Explorer at https://data.ece.iiasa.ac.at/ngfs, using the REMIND-MAgPIE 3.0-4.4 model, the Orderly Net Zero 2050 and Disorderly Divergent Net Zero NGFS calibrations.



The implementation of carbon taxes or ‘cap and trade’ emission                                        Insights into impacts on assets
trading schemes are expected to increase as they are seen as key                                      As a major asset owner and manager, we rely on investment returns
tools in preventing climate change. The carbon emissions that                                         to meet the longer-term obligations of our liabilities and remain
Prudential is operationally responsible for, in our up- and down-                                     exposed to risks that could interrupt or impair those returns, which is
stream supply chains and in investments, could be a risk to our                                       what we explore through the climate scenarios. Though the Group
investments and operational costs were the costs associated with                                      remains exposed to financial impact from climate change, the results
carbon emissions to substantially increase. A consistently applied                                    for each scenario were not outside observed market volatility, and
internal carbon price (ICP) could be used to de-risk the business from                                therefore do not indicate the need for an explicit allowance for




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Financial statements
such anticipated carbon price increases by lowering emissions from                                    climate change in the assumptions used for the liability valuations or
operations as well as to influence investment decisions. During 2022                                  observed market values. The scenario with the largest overall impact
we reviewed the potential uses of an ICP for Prudential, including how                                on the Group balance sheet remains the hot house world scenario,
carbon prices can be used internally to bring consistency across                                      where physical climate change impacts in the longer term could result
operational and investment purposes. Any future ICP for Prudential                                    in financial market impacts in the medium to longer term. The
should focus on values that are relevant to Asia and Africa, for                                      disorderly transition scenario has the biggest impact in the short to
example, different carbon prices for developed markets and                                            medium term as markets assimilate policy changes. As expected, the
emerging markets that increase in a consistent manner over time,                                      orderly transition scenario has the lowest overall impact on the Group
to support an orderly just and inclusive transition.                                                  balance sheet, which reinforces the case for our strategic objective to
                                                                                                      decarbonise the investment portfolio.




                                                                                                                                                                                                     European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Sectoral and regional impact on our current assets
and insurance liabilities                                                                             A key insight from the scenario testing is the different sectoral
Each scenario is translated into sensitivities to economic factors,                                   impacts of the different scenarios, as shown in the heatmap diagram
which are then applied to the Group’s assets and liabilities to quantify                              below. In the orderly transition scenario, which assumes governments
the potential financial impacts of climate change relative to our base                                implement climate policies in an orderly manner, the impact is limited
assumption. The insights from the scenario testing work were                                          to three specific sectors (fossil based utilities, coal and manufactured
reported in the Group’s Own Risk and Solvency Assessment report,                                      fuels, and oil and gas). In the disorderly transition scenario,
which continues to be provided to the Board.                                                          government policies are assumed to be implemented in a manner
                                                                                                      which results in enhanced market volatility, resulting in impact
The complexity and long-term nature of these climate scenario tests                                   beyond the three specific sectors. These sectoral impacts are
result in the need for some simplifications in the exercises, in line with                            particularly important for Prudential given our operational footprint
industry practices, such as using a static balance sheet, and                                         across Asia and Africa where many countries are involved in
simplifications in estimating the sectoral and regional impacts. These                                manufacturing rather than services. In both scenarios there are also
may result in understating the exposures and vulnerabilities, as                                      investment opportunities in clean energy and water supply.
identified by the FSB and NGFS1, which we remain aware of when                                        Prudential is developing its engagement capability, as described in
using the output. Our analysis did not take account of the potential
                                                                                                      the Sectoral decarbonisation pathways box in the ‘Responsible
actions available to the Group to mitigate the impact, in line with
                                                                                                      Investment’ section, to support the orderly transition in a just and




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Additional information
emerging industry practice, and is an area where we expect to
                                                                                                      inclusive manner.
consider further the opportunities available. Given the level of
development of these models to date, we view them as not
appropriate for setting capital requirements at this stage.


Note
1    Current climate scenario analysis exercises may understate climate exposures and vulnerabilities, warn FSB and NGFS – Financial Stability Board
     (https://www.fsb.org/2022/11/current-climate-scenario-analysis-exercises-may-understate-climate-exposures-and-vulnerabilities-warn-fsb-and-ngfs/)


                                                                                                                                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022              99
ESG report / continued




Heatmap of climate scenario impacts on sectors over time

                                                                    Orderly transition                                   Disorderly transition

Sectors                                                      2025          2030             2050               2025             2030                 2050

Financials

Information technology

Consumer staples

Consumer discretionary

Industrials

Communication services

Materials

Real estate

Healthcare

Oil and gas

Fossil-based utilities

Coal and manufactured fuels

Public administration and defence

Education

Other low-carbon and biobased electricity

Water supply

Wind and solar

Nuclear

Forestry

Source: Prudential internal scenario analysis work



Insights into impacts on insurance liabilities                                    The longer-term impact on the Group should be managed by our
While climate change can impact morbidity, mortality and                          ability to develop new products and reflect experience in our pricing
persistency differently in different global regions, given the nature of          structures. As further proposed improvements in our understanding
the business, the expected impact of climate change does not                      of our exposure to climate-related risks, work continues on plotting
directly alter the Group’s assumptions for its insurance business based           significant clusters of customer locations to assess the potential risk
on the annual review of experience, which would capture the ongoing               from physical climate events to our known customer base. Our Group
impact on our products and any ongoing developments of climate-                   Risk Framework, which is our enterprise risk management framework
related products. If experience or exposure were to change, for                   through which our management is informed on climate related
example due to a step change in long-term morbidity, mortality and/               matters, is described in the ‘Risk management cycle’ section.
or persistency expectations in a particular region due to climate
events, the financial impacts from climate-related risks on our
insurance liabilities would be allowed for as part of the regular review
and be reflected in the valuation of our insurance liabilities.




100                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                       prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                              Group overview




Regional impact on our operations                                        We continue supplementing our business continuity management
Our people and operations are exposed to climate-related physical        activities with scenario analysis to identify additional areas of



                                                                                                                                              Strategic report
risk, which may threaten our corporate facilities and infrastructure.    vulnerability that may arise due to climate change, including
We remain focused on maintaining and enhancing our                       potential impacts on our operations, third-party supply chains and
organisational resilience, so as to be able to provide our continued     customers. Utilising our third-party provider’s platform, the
support to address the potential humanitarian, customer and              operational risk scenarios were used to investigate how a severe
employee impacts from climate change.                                    typhoon and/or flood would cause property damages and business
                                                                         interruption, including operational impacts from additional market
Our business continuity management programme assesses the risk           volatility following such a climate event.
to our operating locations and staff from natural disasters, including
those caused by potential climate-related impacts, by using our
third-party provider’s platform. The results of this assessment can be


                                                                                                                                              Governance
seen in the diagram below. The assessment uses the highest IPCC
emissions pathway, known as RCP 8.5, which is predicted to result in
significant physical climate-related impacts. The diagram shows the
extent to which our operations could be exposed to these physical
impacts of climate change from the hot-house scenario, ie if there
is no transition to lower-carbon economies or adaptation to the
increased physical impacts.




                                                                                                                                              Directors’ remuneration report
  Impact of RCP 8.5 scenario on Prudential’s locations of operation




                                                                                                                                              Financial statements
    427 Overall Risk Rating



          0–25                26–50           51–75             76–100




                                                                                                                                              European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                              Additional information




                                                                                               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   101
ESG report / continued




Managing our direct operational environmental impacts
To help improve the lives of our customers and communities, we                    Progress towards operational carbon targets
actively seek to reduce our operational impact. We measure our                Our target is carbon neutrality by 2030 across our Scope 1 and 2
environmental performance so that we can understand our impact                (market-based) emissions. We also target an operational
and take appropriate actions.                                                 intensity ratio of 1.65 tCO2e per full time employee (FTE) by 2030
Our approach to, and management of, our property footprint aligns             from our 2016 baseline of 2.20, representing a 25 per cent
with our Group Environment Policy which forms part of the Group               reduction. We are currently tracking ahead of plan with our
Governance Manual, covering the following areas: environmental                intensity ratio at 1.21 tCO2e/FTE for 2022. However, we are aware
laws and regulations with respect to emissions, energy consumption,           that office closures and operational restrictions imposed to
water use, waste disposal, environmental supply chain management              manage the spread of Covid-19 persisted into 2022 and have
and the adoption of risk management principles for all property-              played a part in the achievement of this reduction. We have seen
related matters.                                                              a partial rebound in emissions for our office functions that have
                                                                              reinstated business-as-usual operations.
We have consolidated our property portfolio in 2022 by 7 per cent.
We expect to see a further reduction in total floor space in 2023 due         We keep our performance under review, and are continuing to
to enhanced office fit-outs and space utilisation. It is important to         develop and implement reduction measures across our
note that this reduction will not be linear, as our premises portfolio is     operations to enable us to meet our targets.
expected to change with our business operations.
As the fall in our 2022 emissions continues to be ahead of the
reduction trajectory required to meet our 2030 target for Scope 1 and       Movement in our operational emissions
2 emissions, we have not purchased any carbon offsets for Scope 1           Our 2022 reporting covers the period 1 October 2021 to
and 2 emissions in 2022. We have procured renewable energy in               30 September 2022, and includes our global property portfolio, which
Malaysia through green procurement strategies, utilising the Green          spans Asia, Africa and the United Kingdom.
Energy Tariff (GET) and International Renewable Energy Certificates
(I-RECs) programmes. The impact of these actions is reflected in a          We have included full reporting for Scope 1 and 2 and selected Scope
reduction for Scope 2 market-based emissions when compared with             3 reporting. Scope 1 emissions are our direct emissions from the
location-based emissions.                                                   combustion of fuel, fugitive emissions and company-owned vehicles.
                                                                            Scope 2 emissions cover our indirect emissions from the purchase of
Scope 3 emissions review                                                    electricity, heating and cooling. We have stated our Scope 2
During 2021, we carried out a review of our Scope 3 emissions.              emissions using both the location and market-based methods in line
The assessment was carried out in accordance with both the                  with the GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance.
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol and Partnership for Carbon
Accounting Financials (PCAF). It considered all 15 Scope 3 categories       Our Scope 1 emissions remain a small percentage of our overall
and provided us a better understanding of which areas of our value          operational emissions. In Asia, these emissions are primarily related
chain contribute most significantly to our overall emissions footprint.     to vehicle usage. We are looking at purchasing electric or hybrid
The detail is provided on page 32 of our 2021 ESG report                    vehicles in markets where the supporting infrastructure is available,
(www.prudentialplc.com/~/media/Files/P/Prudential-V13/                      though transitioning to electric cars remains challenging in many of
reports/2021/esg-report-2021.pdf).                                          our markets as the necessary supporting infrastructure is currently
                                                                            not in place. In Africa, Scope 1 emissions represent a larger proportion
During 2022 we have focused on improving Scope 1 and 2 data                 of emissions because our offices continue to have a greater reliance
collection from Africa and Scope 3 business travel data from Asia and       on generator power. We would anticipate these emissions to revert to
Africa. For 2022, we are reporting the same operational categories as       Scope 2 over time, as utility grid stability improves in the markets in
2021 while we focus on improving data quality for those categories.         which we operate.
We continue to keep expansion of the reported categories under
review.                                                                     A summary of our Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions for 2022 and 2021 are
                                                                            provided below. Our global absolute Scope 1 and 2 (market-based)
Data gaps across some of our Scope 3 categories remain and as               GHG emissions were 18,583 tCO2e, down 13 per cent from 2021,
Scope 3 data accuracy and methodologies continue to evolve, we will         primarily driven through the benefit of green power and renewable
seek to align with best practice, and broaden the scope of reported         energy procurement. Electricity use in our buildings is the largest
Scope 3 categories.                                                         contributor to our operational footprint at 16,938 tCO2e (market-
                                                                            based), making up 91 per cent of our total Scope 1 and 2 emissions.
                                                                            Scope 3 emissions have increased compared with those reported in
                                                                            2021 due to the inclusion of Africa business travel and resumption of
                                                                            air travel in the second half of 2022 across Asia and UK operations.




102                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                            Group overview




Emissions source (tCO2e)                                  2022           2021 Change (%)
                                                                                                        Ghana LED lighting upgrade
Scope 1                                                 1,645*          1,481              11



                                                                                                                                                                            Strategic report
                                                                                                   In Ghana, an LED lighting upgrade project has been completed in
Scope 2 – market-based                                16,938*         19,986              (15)     a significant number of Prudential’s offices. It is estimated that
Scope 2 – location-based                              19,880*         21,547               (8)     the rollout will save 20 tCO2e every year. Prudential Ghana has
                                                                                                   linked this project to its launch of energy efficient guidelines and
Scope 3 (upstream activities)†                          9,487*          8,793               8
                                                                                                   an Energy Efficient League, which gives recognition for
                                                                                                   operational reduction efforts.
Total: Scope 1 and 2 using
  market-based approach                               18,583          21,467              (13)
Total: Scope 1, 2 and 3                                                                                Malaysia renewable energy programmes
                                                                                                                                                                            Governance
  (upstream activities) using
                                                                                                   In 2022, we subscribed to the GET programme for our Malaysia
  market-based approach                               28,069          30,260               (7)
                                                                                                   Peninsular operations. The programme is having a direct impact
                                                                                                   on supporting a clean energy transition, through greening the
Tonnes per employee – Scope 1 and 2                       1.21           1.47             (18)     utility grid and supplying consumers with renewable energy. The
                                                                                                   programme is currently fully subscribed.
kg per m2 – Scope 1 and 2                               54.01*         58.22               (7)
                                                                                                   The GET programme was introduced by Tenaga Nasional Berhad
kg per m – Scope 1, 2 and 3
          2
                                                                                                   and is evidenced by a Malaysia Renewable Energy Credit (mREC),
   (upstream activities)                                81.59*         82.09               (1)
                                                                                                   which is recognised by the I-REC Standard. The I-REC registry is




                                                                                                                                                                            Directors’ remuneration report
*    Within the scope of EY assurance – for further information, see the ‘Scope 3 emissions
                                                                                                   recognised by all major standards and campaigns, including CDP
     review’ section of this report and the Basis of Reporting (www.prudentialplc.com/~/           and the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol, to give assurance that
     media/Files/P/Prudential-V13/esg-report/basis-of-reporting-2022.pdf) which notes              consumers will receive renewable electricity and be provided with
     those Scope 3 categories that were within the scope of EY assurance.                          the renewable energy generation source. The programme’s funds
†    Includes Scope 3 categories: 3 (fuel- and energy-related activities, 5 (waste, including
     water, generated in operations) and 6 (business travel).
                                                                                                   go towards the Malaysian Electricity Supply Industry Trust
                                                                                                   Account (MESITA) to support the implementation of Malaysia’s
Driving reductions in our operational energy consumption                                           renewable energy agenda and initiatives.
Our core focus remains on implementing projects that drive                                         In addition to the GET programme, our landlord at Menara
reductions in our operational energy consumption, thereby reducing                                 Prudential, one of our offices in Kuala Lumpur, is purchasing
associated Scope 2 emissions. With the Covid-19 pandemic                                           renewable energy supported by I-RECs and has enrolled in the
restrictions being relaxed across most of Asia and Africa, we have seen                            Sarawak Energy Initiative. We have put in place an agreement
our office functions starting to resume business-as-usual operations.                              with our landlord to ensure transparency and to support the claim




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial statements
In implementing new working environments, we are taking the                                        that the green energy purchased by the landlord is fully
opportunity to implement best practice environmental performance,                                  attributed to our facility. This avoids double counting, which
including adopting features such as LED lighting, increased lighting                               enables us to use the emission factors related to this scheme
controls, lighting zones and climate controls. In 2022, we have                                    when calculating our emissions relating to the building.
undertaken several energy reduction projects across a range of
diverse markets, including offices in Taiwan, Malaysia, the Philippines,
Indonesia and Ghana. The focus of these projects has been on
lighting and control upgrades. It is estimated that these completed                              Despite these challenges, we continue exploring viable renewable
projects combined will save 317 tCO2e every year.                                                energy procurement opportunities. In 2022, we procured renewable




                                                                                                                                                                            European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                                                                 energy for the first time, focusing on our Malaysia operations as it has
In 2022, all our businesses have been issued with tailored                                       our largest operational footprint. 31 per cent of our total electricity
environmental roadmaps, detailing their existing Scope 1 and 2                                   consumption, equivalent to 2,160 tCO2e, for Malaysia in 2022 was
emissions, their 2030 target and the actions required to meet those                              covered through green procurement strategies, utilising the GET and
targets. The roadmaps were developed through the learnings of site                               I-RECs programmes, as described in the box. We are aware of the
surveys undertaken in previous years. The roadmaps will be updated                               concern that these schemes do not fully guarantee additional
on an annual basis and supporting site surveys will continue to                                  renewable energy supply reaching the market and have only selected
monitor progress.                                                                                programmes where the impact is transparent to us.
In addition to actions that reduce the amount of electricity our office                          While online communication and conferencing platforms remain very
operations consume, we also actively look at how we can purchase                                 important to our operations, the opening of international borders is
renewable energy for our office operations, to support our transition                            enabling us to hold face-to-face meetings, to better drive
to a low-carbon economy. We are faced by two challenges in this:                                 engagement across the business after extended periods without
> Most of the markets in which we operate do not currently offer                                 face-to-face contact. We are starting to see air travel increase, and we
  direct renewable energy procurement; and                                                       anticipate emissions from air travel will increase further in 2023,
> As we are primarily a short-term leasehold tenant in the buildings                             towards pre-pandemic levels. In 2022, Scope 3 business travel
  from which we operate, installing onsite generation capabilities                               emissions have risen by 173 per cent compared with 2021 but
                                                                                                 remains 26 per cent lower than for 2020. We intend to review our




                                                                                                                                                                            Additional information
  remains challenging.
                                                                                                 business travel policy during 2023.




                                                                                                                         Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   103
ESG report / continued




Hybrid working has been adopted in many of our operations in Asia.
The energy consumption associated with our employees working
from home has not been captured in our reporting in 2022. We
recognise that with the broader adoption of hybrid working, a
proportion of our staff will continue to spend part of their week
working away from the office, and we therefore need to better
understand the emissions associated with this. We have started
developing an emissions calculator designed to model Scope 3
emissions associated with staff working from home and we are
piloting this in our Singapore life business. The assumptions used in
this model are aligned with the framework used by the Department
for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs (DEFRA) and aligned with the
GHG Protocol.
Monitoring our progress
We have made considerable effort to engage with our businesses on                   Prudential Green Week
the importance of reporting throughout 2022. There has been a
                                                                               Prudential’s Green Week took place in April 2022 and was an
continued focus on improving our data collection programme, and
                                                                               opportunity to engage internally on our alignment, commitment
we have seen data quality improve, with greater completeness and
                                                                               and momentum towards sustainability within investment and
fewer accruals. Due to the pandemic restrictions, we placed site-
                                                                               operational spheres. Features of the week included the launch
based energy assessments on hold from 2021, limiting our access to
                                                                               of a video around ‘Building a greener future’, which highlighted
relevant data. However, this initiative has now resumed, with reports
                                                                               our operational targets for carbon neutrality and the actions that
available in 2023. These will help inform our updated environmental
                                                                               the business and individuals can take to help us reduce our
roadmaps.
                                                                               emissions. Green Week also included a series of interviews with
During 2022, we upgraded the environmental data platform for our               Group leaders covering subjects such as ‘Going green as a Group’,
property portfolio. This platform allows users to interrogate the              our commitment to decarbonising our investment portfolio, and
emissions performance of our property portfolio down to a single               what a just and inclusive transition entails.
building. This level of granularity enables users to gain a better insight
into where potential emission reduction can be found, both at a
portfolio and asset level, and can provide local businesses with a tool
to measure the impact of their sustainability measures. Our local            Supporting a just and inclusive transition
environment representatives were trained on functionality updates,           In this section we set out how we have supported the just and
and on the capabilities and role the platform plays in monitoring our        inclusive transition in 2022 through our engagement and advocacy
environmental operational progress.                                          globally, regionally and through industry bodies. A highlight of 2022
                                                                             was the publication of our paper on a just and inclusive transition,
Raising employee awareness and training                                      described in the box in this section. A specific example of our active
Raising employee awareness of the importance of the environment              outreach was our integral role in establishing the Emerging Markets
and what we can do to minimise our emissions remains a core aim of           Transition Investment (EMTI) project.
our management team. In support of this we have run several
initiatives throughout the year including the Group-wide Green Week          The paper highlights the importance that Prudential places on
and training sessions.                                                       ensuring the transition to a low-carbon economy is a just and
                                                                             inclusive one, and explores case studies and further actions required,
Training was delivered to the Africa ESG senior leadership team to           both from Prudential and the wider market.
help improve capabilities and awareness of the environmental
agenda. The focus of the presentation was on clarifying Group                Global advocacy
targets, mandatory reporting requirements, the actions available to          Alongside our work on the role of investors in a just and inclusive
reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions and furthering our understanding of           transition across Asia and Africa, our advocacy for emerging market
the challenges our African businesses face, and how these differ from        ESG issues in the global context has formed the basis of our outreach
those in Asia.                                                               with policy and regulatory stakeholders throughout 2022. This has
                                                                             taken shape across specific themes, including regulatory reform,
Enforcement actions and other regulatory events                              blended finance, harmonisation of standards and taxonomies, and
No fines or regulatory actions occurred during the year for                  an increasing focus on nature. This section provides more information
environmental incidents (2021: zero).                                        on our advocacy activities.




104                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                 prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                       Group overview




                                                                             Making sure emerging markets do not fall behind in the energy
                                                                             transition requires both public and private investments, and the


                                                                                                                                                       Strategic report
                                                                             mainstreaming of investing in the energy transition. The paper
                                                                             identifies additional work required for this:
                                                                             > A review of metrics for portfolio reporting so that climate-
                                                                               oriented metrics do not create a disincentive for companies
                                                                               providing transition financing due to short term carbon portfolio
                                                                               targets;
                                                                             > The need for emerging market-appropriate harmonised
                                                                               taxonomies and protocols for investing in responsible retirement


                                                                                                                                                       Governance
                                                                               facilities for fossil fuel utilities or investing in carbon-intensive
                                                                               companies’ transition toward carbon neutral practices; and
   Supporting a just
   and inclusive transition                                                  > Jurisdictional involvement in international standard setting to
   Prudential plc                                                              enable more disclosure, such as that which is encouraged within
                                                                               the latest draft sustainability and climate standards proposed by
   October 2022




                                                                               the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB).
        Our paper on the just and inclusive transition                      The paper received overwhelming positive feedback, including:
  Prudential’s 2022 white paper (www.prudentialplc.com/~/media/
  Files/P/Prudential-V13/content-pdf/prudential-plc-just-and-                > It correctly identifies the need for emerging markets to have a




                                                                                                                                                       Directors’ remuneration report
  inclusive-transition-white-paper.pdf) sets out how we support a just         ‘seat at the table’ during discussions on how the world will reach
  and inclusive transition.                                                    net zero; and
                                                                             > It raises the need for global understanding to improve as to why
  The paper:                                                                   the transition needs to be just and inclusive for emerging markets.
  > Defines the case for a just and inclusive transition, and its place in   Prudential will continue to work with other like-minded
    meeting the Paris Agreement;                                             organisations to raise awareness about the unique challenges
  > Highlights the importance that Prudential places on ensuring the         faced by emerging and developing economies in meeting their
    transition to a low-carbon economy is a just and inclusive one;          needs for climate transition and other sustainable investments. We
    and                                                                      expect both our position and execution approach to evolve whilst
  > Explores case studies and further actions required, both from            maintaining our objective to influence real-world impact in a just
    Prudential and the wider market.                                         and inclusive way.




                                                                                                                                                       Financial statements
Financing the transition                                                     through its existing memberships in this area to support these
We believe that work on blended finance will be of increasing interest       conversations where possible. Our other international membership
to Asian and African policymakers in 2023, and we will seek to build         body of note, which is working to connect the insurance sector with
out our work in this area. The Just Energy Transition Partnerships           the multi-lateral community, is the Insurance Development Forum
(JETPs) are an example of blended finance. The JETPs public-private          (IDF), a partnership with MDBs. Prudential colleagues are on its
partnership models were launched in 2021 at COP26. They are an               inclusive insurance workstream, and we have also supported their
example of a project grounded in local knowledge and participation,          COP27 activity on the ground.




                                                                                                                                                       European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
which is important for ensuring the structures designed are applicable
for the market, designed to support a country’s energy transition            Through our membership of the World Economic Forum (WEF),
in a holistic manner, bringing together actors across the energy,            Prudential was invited to take part in workshops as part of their
regulatory, finance, policy and renewables space, with financial             ‘Fostering Effective Energy Transition’ initiative and the Regional
and capacity support from the G7 and the private sector.                     Action Group for ASEAN.

Vietnam announced its JETP in December 2022 with the                         Having been involved at its inception, we continue to support the
International Partners Group. The JETP will support Vietnam in               Energy Transition Mechanism (ETM) as a concept, with the priority
working towards its new targets, including bringing forward the              being to retire coal plants early in a responsible way. Progress on the
projected peaking date for its GHG emissions, limiting its peak coal         ETM has continued throughout 2022, in particular in Indonesia
capacity and accelerating the adoption of renewable energy.                  where the government and stakeholders are motivated and engaged.
Prudential was the only insurer invited to be one of the members             Following positive discussion in Q3, where Prudential participated
of the private sector working group. We will work with public and            as an observer, the Asian Development Bank announced a
private members of the group to ensure that the vehicles established         memorandum of understanding for its first financing deal to
underneath the JETP model are suitable for an insurer/asset                  accelerate the phase-out of coal in Indonesia under the ETM. We
manager such as Prudential.                                                  welcome this development. If, in future, entities established by the
                                                                             ETM issue investible assets, as a long-term investor in those markets




                                                                                                                                                       Additional information
Within the multilateral development bank (MDB) community, reform             we remain interested in them, provided they met our risk and return
of their structures is a priority to enable more effective partnerships      criteria. Such investment would, under current rules, potentially have
with the institutional investor community in emerging markets, for           an adverse impact on our WACI. This creates a disincentive for
blended finance and other vehicles, noting the models and incentives         companies providing transition financing, which is an issue we
for blended finance still needs development. Prudential will work            highlight in our Just and Inclusive Transition paper.




                                                                                                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    105
ESG report / continued




       Net Zero Asset Owner Alliance                                       > Financing the transition: Prudential initiated and leads this
                                                                             sub-track, and started the Emerging Markets Transition
  In 2021, Prudential joined the United Nations-convened Net Zero
                                                                             Investment (EMTI) project, with the objective of accelerating
  Asset Owner Alliance (NZAOA) – a network of institutional investors
                                                                             investment towards the net-zero transition of emerging markets.
  committed to the decarbonisation of their asset portfolios – to
                                                                             See the Emerging Markets Transition Investment (EMTI) project
  facilitate greater collaboration with global peers. As an active
                                                                             box in this section for more detail.
  member, and one of the only members with an emerging market
  footprint, we support their wider policy and outreach work               > Monitoring, Reporting, and Verification (MRV): Submitting
  (including the EMTI project, see ‘Emerging Markets Transition              commentary through the public consultation, Prudential
  Investment (EMTI) project’ box). Through the NZAOA we have                 advocated for integrating a guiding design philosophy on
  contributed to consultations and papers on coal and on oil and gas,        sovereign bonds into the NZAOA’s new protocol. The additions
  and regularly engage in their target setting, methodology and              emphasise support of a just and inclusive transition to low-
  reporting workstreams. This has also been one of our main avenues          carbon economies, while acknowledging that emerging markets
  of communication with the UN and their Race to Zero campaign.              will be more impacted by climate change despite having
                                                                             contributed less to cumulative carbon emissions already emitted.
  In 2022, Prudential’s continued focus has helped to ensure that          > Policy: Prudential provided input for the NZAOA’s oil and gas
  emerging markets feature more prominently in NZAOA                         position paper, which presents expectations for companies (ie
  communications and discussions. This includes continued efforts to         users and producers), governments and investors. The paper
  raise awareness on the challenges for emerging markets in the              adopted our recommendations that more in-depth
  energy transition, to generate thinking on relevant solutions that         consideration be given to the unique transition challenges of
  more actively consider the impact of climate change on developing          emerging markets, and how investor engagement can be both
  markets. We believe this represents a key and critical step in             impactful and consistent with principles of differentiated
  acknowledging developing economies in the just and inclusive               responsibilities and a just transition.
  transition. In 2022, we supported specific NZAOA sub-tracks,
  advancing progress on:                                                   Looking ahead to 2023 we will be taking more of a leadership role
                                                                           in NZAOA’s emerging market thematic workstreams.




Industry bodies                                                            During 2022, we continued our engagement with the IAIS on
In her capacity as a board member for the Institute of International       climate-related risks, including bilateral meetings with the Chair of its
Finance (IIF), Prudential’s Chair attended the World Bank and IMF          Climate Task Force. The climate-related work forms part of the IAIS’s
Annual Meetings in October 2022, undertaking bilateral meetings            Holistic Framework (HF) and the Global Monitoring Exercise (GME),
with a number of policymakers and regulators from Prudential’s             which assesses and monitors systemic risk in the insurance sector.
markets in Asia and Africa. Discussions focused on financial inclusion,    The IAIS has been incorporating climate-related data in its annual
and the role of the financial sector in addressing climate change.         Individual Monitoring Exercise in a qualitative nature. The IAIS
                                                                           continues working closely with other industry bodies, including the
Prudential’s Chair of Growth Markets was invited to speak at the IIF’s     NGFS and ISSB. In November 2022, we had the opportunity to speak
Emerging Markets Sustainable Finance Summit in September on the            to members of the IAIS about our paper on the just and inclusive
role of finance in a just transition across Asia.                          transition (see box in the ‘Supporting a just and inclusive transition’
Prudential colleagues sit on a number of IIF working groups, including     section).
the sustainable finance working group and the Insurance Regulatory         We actively participate in industry forums and networks, such as
Committee Asia Pacific subgroup, which has focused on themes               the CRO Forum Sustainability Working Group, to further develop
related to climate change and sustainability, digital transformation       understanding and support collaborative action in relation to climate
and the implications for financial inclusion.                              and ESG risks, and to remain aware of industry best practice as it
In July 2022, Prudential submitted a response letter to the                develops. The two primary industry developments tracked by the
International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) consultation           CRO Forum Sustainability Working Group have been:
on its exposure draft on climate-related disclosures. Prudential           > The collaboration between the Partnership for Carbon Accounting
is supportive of the efforts of the ISSB to secure broad cross-              Financials (PCAF) and the UN-convened Net Zero Insurance
jurisdictional support for the proposals as work is undertaken to            Alliance (NZIA) to develop a global standard to measure and
finalise the standards. Prudential’s view is that the ISSB’s proposed        disclose the carbon emissions associated with the risk being
approach should clearly reflect developed and established                    insured; and
approaches such as those undertaken through the GHG Protocol
and the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF).               > The initial drafting of the Taskforce on Nature-related Financial
We expressed that we have a particular concern about GHG emission            Disclosures (TNFD) framework, which has a targeted publication
disclosure: it would be challenging for financial institutions to report     date in 2023. Building upon the work of the TCFD, the TNFD
emissions for entities and investments that are not under their direct       framework is being designed for future alignment with the global
control. This is not currently required by PCAF (which uses the              baseline for sustainability standards under development by
operational control or financial control approach), and therefore            the ISSB.
represents an expansion to these requirements. To mitigate these
issues, it would be important to have some latitude in determining
organisational boundaries, as long as the approach is clearly
disclosed, and consistently applied.




106               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                  prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                         Group overview




      Emerging Markets Transition Investment project


                                                                                                                                                         Strategic report
  Prudential initiated and leads a sub-track within the Net Zero Asset Owner Alliance (NZAOA) on
  ‘Financing the Transition in Emerging Markets’, which includes the Emerging Markets Transition
  Investment (EMTI) project as a key component. The EMTI project was organised to identify
  practical, near-term solutions to accelerate investment towards the net-zero transition of emerging
  markets. The project is supported by the NZAOA, the World Economic Forum and the EU-ASEAN
  Business Council. As part of the project, Prudential organised two webinars and two round tables in
  2022. The first EMTI public webinar, with opening remarks provided by Prudential, focused on the
  ASEAN markets. This was followed by a second webinar, with opening remarks from Prudential’s
  Group Chief Executive, which focused on the role Africa has to play in global decarbonisation.


                                                                                                                                                         Governance
  During the first roundtable, participants across the financial industry discussed the main barriers
  for investing in the energy transition in emerging markets. The outcomes resulted in the publication
  of a discussion paper (‘Code Red: Call for Urgent Action on Emerging Markets Transition
  Investment’). The second roundtable focused on effective engagement in emerging markets.
  The high profile of the supporting bodies within the EMTI project, together with the release of
  Prudential’s ‘Just and Inclusive Transition’ white paper, combine to raise the external profile of
  the Group’s future actions with regards to ‘stewarding the human impacts of climate change’.




                                                                                                                                                         Directors’ remuneration report
Regional advocacy
Asia                                                                           Africa
Given our footprint, we monitor and engage with ASEAN-wide                     Prudential is a founding member of the Nairobi International
financial services policy. Our markets in South-east Asia have                 Financial Centre, an initiative brokered by the UK High Commission
increased their focus on green finance and ESG throughout 2022,                in Kenya, through which sustainability issues are raised.
both at the policy and regulatory level. Prudential’s local teams
have therefore supported consultations, workshops and events                   In Kenya, Prudential Africa sponsored the yearly Kusi ideas festival
even more regularly than in prior years.                                       where the theme was “Climate Changes: Exploring Africa’s Response
                                                                               and Solution”. As a panellist, Prudential Africa’s Chief Operating
We collaborated on an EMTI ASEAN webinar in spring 2022 in                     Officer spoke about our position regarding a Just and Inclusive
partnership with the NZAOA and EU ASEAN Business Council, at                   Transition.




                                                                                                                                                         Financial statements
which the Cambodian government joined in their capacity as 2022
Chair of ASEAN and spoke on behalf of both Cambodia and the                    Another important global policy voice for Prudential, especially across
region. We attended the ASEAN Leaders’ Summit in November at                   our African markets this year, has been the Commonwealth. In 2022,
which we spoke at a UK-ASEAN Business Council convened session                 Prudential attended the Commonwealth Heads of Government
on a just and inclusive transition.                                            Meeting (CHOGM) in Rwanda which had a strong focus on post-
                                                                               pandemic recovery and sustainability, spoke at the financial services
Our Singapore business provided inputs to the development of a best            roundtable on the role of the sector in building resilience and
practices disclosure document, which sets out pathways for financial           sustainability. In Q4 2022, Prudential spoke on the role of sustainable
institutions (specifically banks, asset managers and insurers) to adopt        finance in development at the financial services roundtable at the
and put in place TCFD recommendations based on the different                   Commonwealth Trade and Investment Forum.




                                                                                                                                                         European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
stages they are at in their sustainability reporting journey. Our Group
CEO spoke on climate financing at the Singapore Fintech Festival.
We submitted a response to Indonesia’s regulatory requirements
on a Sustainable Finance Action Plan (SFAP).
Our team participated in the Mayor of Shanghai’s annual
International Business Leaders’ Advisory Council meeting, with a
paper on the role of corporate ESG practices in facilitating green
and low-carbon transformation.




                                                                                                                                                         Additional information




                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   107
ESG report / continued




United Kingdom                                                               We have retained our membership of the CBI’s Sustainable Finance
Prudential has had ongoing engagement with the United Kingdom                Working Group, through which we have discussed issues such as the
(UK) government, both in the UK and overseas, on ESG issues                  government’s transition plans, green taxonomies and the role of the
throughout 2022. During the final months of the UK’s COP Presidency          UK as a centre for green finance.
this included engagement on key themes such as transition finance
and the role of the private sector in supporting an inclusive transition.    Prudential was represented at an event in the UK Parliament to
Throughout the year we have engaged with the Foreign                         launch the Climate Policy Initiative (CPI)’s ‘Landscape of Climate
Commonwealth & Development Office, the Department for                        Finance in Africa’ report.
International Trade, HM Treasury, the COP unit and British embassies.
This included the British Embassy in Cairo in the run-up to COP27 to
support UK-Egypt work in green finance.



       Prudential at COP27                                                   domestic capital in emerging markets to support a just transition.
                                                                             We also joined a GFANZ coordinated meeting with the Vietnamese
  Throughout 2022, we engaged with the UK government in its role
                                                                             government and partners to discuss next steps on their own JETP.
  as COP26 chair on key themes of importance for them, contributing
  to preparatory work on the Vietnam Just Energy Transition                  Through our membership of the IIF, we joined events on the role of
  Partnership (JETP) and their work putting finance at the heart of          private finance in closing the climate gap, and through our
  solutions. As we drew closer to COP27, we also engaged with the            membership of the IDF (Insurance Development Forum) we
  UN infrastructure, especially the Climate Champions Team, the              attended insurance-specific events, including a meeting with the
  Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero (GFANZ), and non-                  UN High Level Champions. Through our relationships with some
  governmental partners such as FSD Africa, ODI, Business Fights             key non-profit organisations such as FSD Africa we joined the
  Poverty and CPI as they planned their COP programmes (Financial            launch of pan-African initiatives of interest.
  Sector Deepening Africa, Overseas Development Institute, Climate
  Policy Initiative). Ahead of COP27, Prudential signed the 2022             Prudential also attended events hosted by our governments,
  Global Investor Statement to Governments on the Climate Crisis             regulators and partners, especially the NGFS, MAS and multi-lateral
  (https://theinvestoragenda.org/wp-content/                                 development banks, to discuss the ways in which the finance
  uploads/2022/08/2022-Global-Investor-Statement-.pdf), which                community can support emerging markets on their transition.
  calls on governments to implement the policy actions needed to             We are particularly interested in the next steps on multilateral
  address the climate crisis and accelerate the transition to a net zero     development bank (MDB) reform and possible new blended finance
  emissions economy.                                                         opportunities for institutional investors in Asia and Africa.

  Prudential was represented in Sharm el-Sheikh for COP27 by the             For COP27, Prudential has built a relationship with the UN’s High
  Chief Operating Officer of Prudential Africa, who also has held            Level Champions and their team who hope to expand the role of
  senior roles in our Asia businesses, and is thus well-positioned to join   private finance in closing the climate finance gap. This is an area of
  discussions on the role of global finance in promoting a just and          ongoing engagement. As COP27 this year demonstrated,
  inclusive transition.                                                      governments around the world are increasingly focused on this
                                                                             area, both in developed and emerging economies. We look forward
  Prudential’s main positioning at COP27 aligned with the Egyptian           to supporting this policy work bilaterally, regionally and through our
  host priorities in many ways, putting emerging markets at the heart        memberships and associations. In 2023, we will be supporting
  of the conference and how the finance sector plays a valuable role         existing partnerships such as the NZAOA, IDF and High Level
  in supporting the net-zero transition. Prudential spoke at an event        Champions team on themes of importance as we look ahead
  on the possible partnerships for institutional investors in mobilising     to COP28.




108               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                   prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                     Group overview




                                                                          Connect
                                                                          Culture and people experience



                                                                                                                                                     Strategic report
                                                                          We are guided by our five values, ambitious, curious, empathetic,
                                                                          courageous and nimble, in terms of how we carry ourselves in the
                                                                          workplace. They are an essential part of our culture framework,
                                                                          and this is reflected in the way we interact with one another.

                                                                          Values              How we live our values
Strategic Pillar: Building social capital                                 Ambitious           Our business is competitive. We push ourselves
We build social capital by building trusted relationships with our                            and each other to greatness, but not at all costs.
employees, on whom our success depends, and we seek to safeguard                              Being a team player and doing the right thing


                                                                                                                                                     Governance
our customers’ trust in us through our rigorous approach to digital                           comes first.
responsibility.
                                                                          Curious             The world is changing faster than ever. No one
Our people responsibility
                                                                                              has all the answers. We are humble and always
In fulfilling our people responsibility, we continued to lean on our
                                                                                              listen and seek to learn and understand.
Group Culture Framework which outlines who we are, why we exist,
and how we conduct our business and ourselves. The four
components that make up our culture framework are purpose,
principles, values and future-ready skills. Prudential’s purpose is to    Empathetic          There’s an age-old wisdom in walking a mile in
help people get the most out of life and we aim to do this for our                            another’s shoes. We do that every day, whether it




                                                                                                                                                     Directors’ remuneration report
employees, one of our greatest assets.                                                        is with our customers or colleagues.
As an employer, we have promised to make Prudential a place where
our people can connect, grow and succeed. Our people strategy and
roadmap guide our work to fulfil this promise, and include areas such     Courageous          Prudential’s success and culture belongs to all of
as culture, diversity, inclusion and belonging, learning, leadership,                         us – it’s our shared legacy. We do the right thing
performance management, reward and recognition.                                               and bring our full selves to work to build it
                                                                                              together.

Connect       Providing a diverse, inclusive and          Culture         Nimble              Being agile and adaptive is the norm. We
              flexible work environment where ideas                                           approach our work iteratively, with carefully
              are welcomed, contributions valued,         Diversity,
                                                                                              designed experiments that help us fail fast and
                                                          inclusion and




                                                                                                                                                     Financial statements
              and everyone is encouraged to bring                                             fail forward.
              their true self to work                     belonging
                                                          People
                                                          experience      Since 2020, we have been conducting people surveys to evaluate
                                                                          progress on our three-year culture journey and assess how our values
Grow          Giving our people the time to grow and      Learning
                                                                          show up at work. Our fourth global people survey took place in
              develop, with support and feedback
                                                          Leadership      January 2023 with the participation and input of 95 per cent of
              when it’s needed and a culture that
                                                                          our workforce. Overall engagement stood at 79 per cent, an
              encourages them to challenge                Talent and      improvement of 4 per cent from the previous survey conducted
              themselves and learn new skills             succession




                                                                                                                                                     European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                                          in December 2021, as well as 5 per cent against industry benchmarks.
                                                                          Company confidence has the highest favourable score of 89 per cent,
Succeed       Recognising our people for their            Performance
                                                                          demonstrating the strong belief from our staff about the future of
              skill sets and contributions and looking    management
                                                                          Prudential. Our core values received an 86 per cent favourability score,
              after their health and wellbeing
                                                          Reward and      a testament to our strong and cohesive culture, while the score for
                                                          recognition     inclusion and belonging, social connection, and support from
                                                                          management was at 85 per cent, indicating a deep sense of
                                                          Future-ready    belonging.
                                                          workforce
                                                                          While work and life blend with a 70 per cent favourability score,
                                                                          improved by 6 per cent in this survey, we continue to enhance our
                                                                          efforts in this area to support our people through flexible or hybrid
                                                                          work arrangements. Overall, the improvements seen in 2022 follow
                                                                          the introduction of a number of initiatives aimed at enhancing
                                                                          wellness, building capabilities, strengthening inclusion, and
                                                                          deepening connections with our leaders, which we will continue
                                                                          to build upon in 2023.




                                                                                                                                                     Additional information
                                                                          In 2021, our first Collaboration Jam – a three-day inclusive online
                                                                          conversation – yielded inputs from colleagues across our businesses
                                                                          on the different skills needed to be future-ready. Since then, we have
                                                                          invested significantly in equipping our people with the appropriate
                                                                          skills to embrace the future of work.




                                                                                                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   109
ESG report / continued




In 2022, we held our third Collaboration Jam where more than 8,000           In 2022, we continued our focus on increasing inclusion awareness,
colleagues shared their views about belonging at Prudential. Over            complementing the work with our leadership outlined in the section
130,000 comments were contributed during the 72-hour period,                 on ‘Leadership’. One of the key initiatives was the implementation of
exceeding our expectations and external benchmarks and                       our Global Inclusion e-learning courses, which aim to build awareness,
demonstrating enthusiasm, engagement and interaction across the              nurture inclusion and promote inclusive leadership mindsets and
Group. The conversations centred on belonging at a local level, and          behaviours. The Global Inclusion e-learning was completed by
how feeling valued was a driver of feeling a sense of belonging; the         approximately 86 per cent of the workforce in 2022, which sets the
requirement for opportunities to broaden and strengthen internal             stage for our work to further deepen belonging in 2023.
networks including with leaders; and the need to further embed our
commitment to connect, grow, and succeed across the business.                To bring change throughout our organisation and processes, our
                                                                             approach to D&I also extends to the way we positively impact our
In response to the Collaboration Jam, and to enable our people to            customers through accessible solutions and services. We address
build social connections, we launched Mystery Coffee, an initiative          diverse needs and profiles with inclusive, rewarding and innovative
that enables our people to grow their network, learn from each other         propositions such as our We DO Family campaign, as set out in
and reach their professional goals through peer connections and              ‘Making health and financial security accessible’ section. The
support. Participants registered for a Mystery Coffee are matched            campaign extended to our employees, with a storytelling campaign
with a mystery partner from a different location to share skills,            where over 100 employee stories were shared internally,
expertise and develop personal connections over a virtual coffee             demonstrating the diversity of their families. We also embed D&I
conversation. To date, we have had over 1,800 employees registering          principles in our Third Party Supply and Outsourcing Policy, with the
for Mystery Coffee. This initiative will, over time, enable all our people   requirement to review our suppliers’ approach to diversity.
to expand their network and create a sense of belonging within the
larger Prudential Group.                                                     Following the launch of PRUCommunities in 2021, our employee-led
                                                                             networks continued to enhance connections and are key to
We continued to drive a human-centred, digitally-enabled people              deepening belonging at Prudential. In 2022, we saw the global
experience to help people connect with colleagues and our culture,           launch of various communities including PRU Women Empowered,
take ownership of their career and performance, and make work                PRU Young Professionals, Women in Tech, Mental Health First Aiders
more engaging. Our employees can also access the latest company              and the intersectional We DO Wellness, joining the well-established
information on 1-hub, our company intranet, including information            PRUPride. Local businesses have also established their own
on company performance, heritage, and our leaders’ profiles. On              PRUCommunities to further strengthen connection and collaboration
myHR, employees can manage leave requests, development plans,                around interests, identities and ideas. In 2022, PRUCommunities
performance reviews, and more.                                               articles were viewed by more than 10,000 employees, including
                                                                             nearly 2,800 views on the Community Connections page, and nearly
The Board uses a range of formal and informal methods to engage,
                                                                             3,500 views of our We DO Wellness page.
communicate and understand the views of the workforce. In May
2021, the Responsibility & Sustainability Working Group assumed              In 2022, Prudential signed the Neurodiversity in Business
responsibility for leading the programme of workforce engagement             Membership Charter as part of our commitment to further
and, along with other Non-executive Directors, the Working Group             strengthen inclusion and deepen belonging in the workplace. This
continued to participate in workforce engagement activities during           includes challenging and removing both physical and perceived
2022. In addition to its direct engagement with the workforce, the           barriers to inclusion, while celebrating neurodiversity and the value of
Board and Working Group reviews the output from the annual                   neurodiverse individuals, and providing accommodations where
employment engagement survey and the Collaboration Jam and                   necessary to enable these individuals to perform their roles at
discusses follow-up actions with management, and also receives               Prudential.
regular updates on employee matters from the Group Chief Executive
and Group HR Director. Key workforce engagement activities during            A summary of our D&I performance is included below. While our
2022 include the Board visit to Singapore in April, the Collaboration        diversity figures have mostly improved year-on-year, we recognise
Jam, as well as attendance at Transformative Journey Graduation              that we have more to do in this area.
sessions and Diversity & Inclusion Council meetings. Further                 > At 31 December 2022, the representation of women on our Board
information can be found in the Section 172 Statement.                         was 31 per cent; following Board changes on 1 January 2023,
Diversity, inclusion and belonging                                             representation was 38 per cent.
Our goal is to empower our people and deepen belonging at                    > We have exceeded the recommendation of the Parker Review for
Prudential by respecting and appreciating differences. We maintain             the FTSE 250 to have at least one non-white director on the Board
a culture where diversity is celebrated, and inclusion assured for our         by 2024, with six of our 13 directors meeting these criteria. We are
people, customers and partners.                                                one of only five FTSE 100 companies with a non-white Chair.
                                                                               Non-white representation on our Group Executive Committee
Our Global Diversity & Inclusion (D&I) Council continues to define our         (GEC) has also improved in 2022, with 63 per cent of members
global D&I strategy and action plan, while driving D&I initiatives             meeting these criteria compared with 20 per cent in previous years,
across our businesses. The Council provides updates to the Board               following our restructuring of this body to better reflect the
twice a year and the Responsibility & Sustainability Working Group             communities we serve.
(RSWG) receives quarterly D&I updates. In 2022, we onboarded                 > As a signatory to the HM Treasury Women in Finance Charter since
new members to the Council to focus on inclusion of neurodiversity,            2016, we set a target of 35 per cent women in senior management
disability, culture and religion. The Council continues to be guided           by the end of 2023, building on our earlier target of 30 per cent set
by its Charter and adhere to the principles of empowering our                  in 2021. At 31 December 2022, the representation was 35 per cent,
employees, fostering transparency and creating communities.                    in line with our 2023 target.
Building on the local endorsement of the United Nations Women’s
Empowerment Principles in a number of our markets in 2021, our
Group Chief Executive signed a Group-wide support statement for
them in 2022.



110                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                  prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                           Group overview




  Gender diversity – total workforce


                                                                                                                                                                                           Strategic report
                                                                                                                                                                                  Total

  2022*      8,363                                                                            +5%      6,299                                                      +7% 18 +64% 14,681


  2021^      7,946                                                                                 5,912                                                            11            13,869




  Gender diversity – senior management

  Senior managers                                                                                                                                                                          Governance
  2022*      39                                            –11%      71                                                                                          –13%


  2021       44                                                              82



  Group Executive Committee (GEC)




                                                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ remuneration report
  2022*      2                                +100%       6                                                                                                                     +50%


  2021       1                      4



  Executive Directors
  2022*      2                                                                                                              –33%


  2021       3




                                                                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
  Chair and Independent Non-executive Directors
  2022*      4                                                  –33%     7                                                                                              +17%


  2021       6                                                                                           6



      Female                Male             Unspecified†




                                                                                                                                                                                           European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
  *      Within the scope of EY assurance – see ‘Basis of reporting’ here: www.prudentialplc.com/~/media/Files/P/Prudential-V13/esg-report/basis-of-reporting-2022.pdf.
  ^      The 2021 balances have been restated to reflect the consistent treatment of local sales agents in our Africa markets who are not permanent employees.
  †      No specification or information is captured on gender for an immaterial number of our employees. These employees are regarded as ‘unspecified’.




As part of our ongoing commitment to transparency, we continued                                       for improving people engagement, wellbeing and culture across
to submit responses to the ShareAction Workforce Disclosure                                           our businesses. The total voluntary employee turnover, excluding
Initiative in 2022, where we achieved a score of 87 per cent                                          call centre staff, remained broadly stable at 16.7 per cent (2021:
(2021: 88 per cent). We have also been included in the Bloomberg                                      16.2 per cent). The employee turnover reflects the number of
Gender Equality Index 2023, being listed on the index for the third                                   employees who leave employment voluntarily or due to dismissal
successive year.                                                                                      or retirement during the reporting period. Employees include
                                                                                                      permanent and contract (fixed term) employees but exclude
In 2022, we saw a total turnover of 22.6 per cent for employees,                                      contingency workers and interns. A breakdown of our employee
including our call centre staff, representing an improvement                                          turnover rate by gender, age group and region is reflected in the
compared with the 2021 rate of 24.4 per cent. This improvement                                        ‘Reference tables’ section.




                                                                                                                                                                                           Additional information
relative to 2021 was driven by our continuous focus on initiatives




                                                                                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022          111
ESG report / continued




                                                                         Grow
      Employee relations                                                 Learning
 Prudential is committed to fostering an inclusive, diverse and open     A significant part of our connect, grow and succeed pledge to
 environment for our employees. Our Group governance human               employees is preparing them for the future of work, so that they can
 resources policies, guided by the principles of the Universal           participate in and contribute confidently to our business
 Declaration of Human Rights and the International Labour                transformation and are well equipped for wherever their careers may
 Organization’s core labour standards, provide an overarching            take them.
 framework and principles for everyone in the organisation. Our          In February 2022, we launched our Future of Work six-part webinar
 Group Third Party Supply and Outsourcing Policy sets out how we         series. The webinars are designed around our values, with each
 work with suppliers and our expectations of them. Our                   looking in-depth at the future-ready skills that were explored in our
 Discrimination and Harassment Policy prohibits any form of              ‘New Ways of Working’ webinar in 2021. For more detail, see the
 discrimination, harassment, bullying and other types of                 ‘Future-ready workforce’ section. These ways of working are based
 misconduct where the behaviour is contrary to Prudential’s values       on well-established practices developed by places including the UK
 and standards.                                                          Design Council, LUMA Institute, the Stanford d.school, and IDEO,
 Our people have always been our most important asset, and our           a renowned consultancy. Each one has been defined by a set of
 Employee Relations Policy governs the way we engage with them.          enabling values and micro skills, which form the basis of our peer-to-
 This, we believe, is fundamental to our ability to attract the people   peer feedback and our curated learning paths on Udemy.
 we want, retain our current employees and motivate them to              Our partnership with the LUMA Institute, to help develop our
 achieve success for themselves and the Group.                           innovation and design thinking capability, continued through 2022.
 Each local business is required to have an effective approach in        Over 300 people from across the Group are now LUMA Practitioner
 place to promote positive relationships with our employees and          certified. Design thinking skills from LUMA Institute have been
 their representative organisations. We encourage a positive and         applied to solve a broad range of business challenges, from hybrid
 constructive relationship with collective employee representative       working to helping propel agency growth. A new partnership with
 bodies in order to ensure our colleagues’ rights to freedom of          Udemy, a company that provides online learning and teaching,
 association and collective bargaining.                                  enables us to host curated learning paths on future-ready and digital
                                                                         skills.
 Given the diverse marketplace we operate in, trade union
 representation and collective bargaining practices vary by market.      Our local businesses also developed learning programmes to support
 Our businesses have trade union representation in Malaysia,             the future-ready skills initiative. Prudential Thailand hosted a
 Singapore, Vietnam, Zambia, Côte d’Ivoire, Togo, and Cameroon.          Learning Festival to support employees in upskilling and preparing for
                                                                         new ways of working. The festival covered the benefits of Prudential’s
 We are an organisation that strives to promote inclusive                future-ready skills and how to apply each skill, with the sharing of real
 employment, and provide opportunities for growth and career             experiences from our Thai colleagues. They delivered four events to
 progression. We give fair consideration to applications, regardless     some 400 people, both virtual and on-site, in 2022.
 of gender, nationality, age, race, ethnicity, religion, physical or
 mental disability, or sexual orientation. We make appropriate           Our learning also included annual mandatory compliance training on
 arrangements for continuing the employment of employees who             key topics such as anti-bribery and corruption, anti-money
 become disabled, and we seek to promote training, career                laundering, privacy and competition law, with employees completing
 development and progression for people with disabilities, making        an average of 16 hours’ training during 2022.
 appropriate adaptations where required.
                                                                         Average training hours completed
 To build a diverse, equal and inclusive workplace, where employees      per employee by gender                              2022             2021
 can speak openly, we take grievances seriously and have strong          Male                                              16.04             11.22
 grievance policies and procedures in place to ensure timely and fair    Female                                            15.58             12.44
 investigation of any grievances raised.                                 Unspecified                                        8.43              5.65
 Further information on activities to support employee wellbeing
 are included in the ‘Responsible working practices and health and
                                                                         The total training hours per employee is likely to far exceed this as the
 safety procedures’ section.
                                                                         number of hours that employees take to complete their non-
                                                                         mandatory training courses are not wholly captured in our system.




112              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                  prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                    Group overview




Leadership                                                                Talent and succession
Across Prudential, as our business evolves, we are continuing to          In a continued effort to provide our diverse talent with accelerated



                                                                                                                                                    Strategic report
maximise our collective expertise and skills while becoming even          growth opportunities, we expanded the scope of our Talent
more focused on our customers and adapting our multi-channel              Sponsorship Programme to 60 employees in 2022, focusing on
distribution model to changes in our markets. We recognise that it is     underrepresented groups in our talent pool based on gender, cultural
more important than ever that we live our values and remain nimble        background and experience. The programme matches our diverse
and innovative in how and where we choose to develop our products         talent with senior executives who act as sponsors and build a critical
and services.                                                             pipeline for our future. This programme aims to provide employees
                                                                          with greater visibility in the organisation, increasing their impact in
In line with this objective, we are drawing on strengths and best         their existing roles, and accelerating their career progression. The
practices across our Group’s leadership to continue to deliver the best   programme continues to be a learning experience for both sponsors
outcomes for our customers, colleagues, communities and broader           and talents, who build trusted relationships across the organisation,

                                                                                                                                                    Governance
stakeholder groups. In May 2022, we announced changes to the              gain a greater understanding of other functions, develop their
structure and composition of our Group Executive Committee (GEC),         personal leadership and deepen belonging.
whose responsibilities are now specifically designed to allow for much
closer and more continuous engagement with our market CEOs.               Creating transparency of internal growth opportunities to all
                                                                          employees continued in 2022 by embedding the democratised
Continuing the effort to raise awareness and embed our values and         mentoring and gig marketplace platforms that were piloted in 2021.
inclusiveness, our GEC and leadership teams across our businesses         myMentor provides an opportunity for employees to seek and
also hosted numerous sessions to showcase the expected mindsets,          connect with mentors through independently established mentoring
behaviours and capabilities of authentic and empathetic leaders.          relationships. There are over 200 mentoring relationships across
To drive a more courageous and entrepreneurial mindset throughout




                                                                                                                                                    Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                          the organisation, and 85 per cent of these are cross-functional.
the organisation, we continued to deliver Transformative Journey,         The prevalent focus of mentoring has been on career growth;
a contemplative four-month part-time deep experiential programme          however, recognising the importance of mental health in the
aimed at developing more human-centric and self-aware leaders and         organisation, myMentor is also leveraged to enable employees to
change agents for the Group. The programme taps into curiosity,           connect with our Mental Health First Aiders so that they can reach
humility and courage, encouraging participants to take ownership of       out directly for any mental health support and guidance.
their personal development and actualise their desire to drive
sustainable change.                                                       Our employee-centric Opportunity Marketplace was fully
                                                                          implemented across all businesses in 2022. The marketplace provides
                                                                          our people with transparency and tailored recommendations of
                                                                          full-time and gig (project-based) opportunities across the Group.
                                                                          Over 20 businesses have posted gig opportunities in the marketplace,
                                                                          resulting in over 150 of our people contributing to projects that are




                                                                                                                                                    Financial statements
                                                                          of their choosing.




If you’re thinking of getting mentoring but unsure of the                 The recent gig I hosted was completed but the outcomes
time commitment, mentoring doesn’t have to be an onerous                  and relationships we formed with those who participated
formal activity. I believe it can be as simple as sharing and             are experiences we will surely bring with us in time to come.
constructively challenging each other’s views. I benefited




                                                                                                                                                    European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
from that process and am thankful for that learning.
                                                                          Veronica Tan,
                                                                          Gig Host and Head, Operations Strategic Initiatives; Philippines
Donna Buckland,
Senior Director, Controllership; Group Head Office, Hong Kong




My mentorship journey has been an amazing one so far.                     For a new employee like me and with the strong support from
My mentor has challenged me beyond my comfort zone and                    my line manager, joining this gig was a great opportunity to
helped me navigate through challenges I never dreamt I could.             meet people and showcase my expertise. Virtual reality was
She has helped me recognise how showing up as my authentic                one of the key learnings I had from this gig, a skill which I never
self can help build my confidence, influence leaders, and manage          thought I would be exposed to. I also learned the value of
engagement with senior stakeholders more assertively. I am                teamwork and how having a shared goal to make this gig
more confident and positive over my work, now more than ever.             a success is important.




                                                                                                                                                    Additional information
Astridah Hampongo Musonda,                                                Emily Tsai,
Head, HR & Administration; Zambia                                         Gig participant and Specialist, Policy Services; Taiwan




                                                                                                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   113
ESG report / continued




Succeed
Performance management
The connection between our values and remuneration outcomes continues to be reinforced through the company’s performance management
framework, with reward decisions strongly linked to performance outcomes. We support our people in achieving peak performance so that they
can fulfil their professional aspirations while delivering on the company’s business strategy.
This can only succeed if performance is managed in a balanced and holistic manner. Therefore, our performance management model focuses
both on results, and how they are delivered. People managers are expected to support the performance and career development of their teams in
a purpose-led, collaborative culture where Prudential’s values are consistently demonstrated.
At Prudential, we are committed to helping our employees achieve optimal performance so that they can continue to connect, grow, and succeed
in their career. Our people strategy and performance are strongly linked, and we enable performance by leveraging our Group-wide COACH
framework, as set out below.



  Driving optimal performance through our COACH framework
                                                                                                               Continuous
                                                                                                         C     Frequent exchange
                                                                                                               of constructive feedback
       Connect
                                                                                                               Ownership
                                   A redefined
                                purpose-led culture
                                                                                                        O      Take responsibility of your
                                                                                                               own development

                                 > Focus on what and                                                           Authentic
        Grow                       how                                                                   A     No fear, no judgement,
                                                                                                               100% honesty
                                 > Continuous feedback                  Enable
                                 > Support meritocracy               performance                               Clear
                                 > Empower values-
                                   driven behaviour                                                      C     Clarity of goals and alignment
                                                                                                               with business strategy
       Succeed
                                                                                                               How and What
                                                                                                        H      Assessment against clear criteria
                                                                                                               – How and What



Reward and recognition
In 2022, we continued to instil wellbeing at work by promoting a culture of inclusion and health achieved through shared goals, company-wide
initiatives, and employee communities. Our initiatives are built upon four wellbeing pillars of health & wellness, mental health, financial and
work-life blend.


  Prudential’s wellbeing pillars




      Health & wellness                     Mental health                    Financial                            Work-life blend
      > We create a workplace               > We promote mental              > We support our                     > We recognise different
        that fosters a healthy                health through access to         employees to achieve                 ways of working and
        lifestyle                             services and support             financial security                   provide an inclusive,
      > We provide competitive                when and where our               through innovative                   family-friendly work
        protection benefits for               people need them,                financial tools, financial           environment
        employees and their                   within an environment            literacy and planning              > We promote community
        family                                of psychological safety                                               work opportunities
                                              at work




114               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                  prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                               Group overview




Our 2022 initiatives included:
> Health & wellness: Company- and employee-initiated promotion                  > Financial: We continued to actively encourage employees’ share


                                                                                                                                                               Strategic report
  of wellness practices and events were held by the We DO Wellness                ownership and engagement through several share plans, such as
  PRUCommunity. Initiatives included monthly wellness webinars,                   PruSharePlus, where employees receive a free matching share for
  weekly workout posts and Friday wellness feeds.                                 every two shares purchased at the end of a two-year holding
> Mental health: We have approximately 350 certified Mental                       period. Participation rate remains steady with one in three
  Health First Aiders (MHFAs) across all our markets in 2022. Through             employees participating in the plan. In October 2021, to mark the
  the MHFAs, the programme is intended to help employees with                     demerger of Jackson, we gave a Celebration Award of US$1,000
  mental health issues by reducing stigma, recognising support                    of restricted shares to our permanent employees. This award was
  needed and promoting a culture of psychological safety and                      released equivalent to 50 shares in October 2022.
  wellbeing at work. The MHFAs are trained by professional bodies to            > Work-life blend: We continued to promote work-life blend by

                                                                                                                                                               Governance
  look out for, assess and assist with mental health crises; listen and           introducing wellness leave into local policies in 2022. The policy
  communicate non-judgmentally; keep interactions confidential;                   calls for employees to take at least five consecutive days of leave
  and help get appropriate professional help. We have developed a                 without access to work so that they can fully disconnect and rest.
  guide to help our MHFAs connect colleagues to professional health               Following positive feedback from employees, we held our second
  support, including referral to our Employee Assistance Programme.               Group Wellness Day, a synchronous day off for colleagues to rest,
  Our MHFAs are identified on our intranet and the myMentor                       recharge and spend time with loved ones, on 26 August.
  platform, and use email signatures stating ‘I am a Certified Mental             Additionally, we continued to offer hybrid working, sabbatical
  Health First Aider’.                                                            leave and volunteer leave across all our businesses.




                                                                                                                                                               Directors’ remuneration report
Below is a summary of our wellbeing proposition with mental health being a notable area of progress in 2022 as highlighted.

  Prudential’s wellbeing proposition


             1                        2                        3                         4                          5                          6
    Life protection          Mental health             Employee                 PruCare fund               Hybrid work/               Group-wide
                                                       Assistance                                          wellness days/             wellbeing
                                                       Programme (EAP)                                     leave                      framework




                                                                                                                                                               Financial statements
    > Choice of 48 times     > Psychiatrist and        > 24/7 counselling       > Provision of financial   > New ways of              > Introduction of 23
      monthly base salary      clinical psychologist     services for             assistance in the          working such as            wellbeing enablers
      (MBS) life insurance     included in local         employees and their      event of hardship          hybrid work and            under each pillar
      and six times            medical plans             dependants               with a total of            time for employees         including mental
      monthly guaranteed     > Mental health first     > Work and people          ~US$250,000                to re-energise, eg         healthcare, wellness
      cash to aid with         aider (MHFA)              management               dispensed to the           Group Wellness Day,        leave and
      living expenses          certification             coaching services        families of 42             wellness leave,            sabbatical. with the
                               programme (+300           (one in four             agents and                 volunteering leave         aim of providing a
                               certified MHFAs in        employees used           employees                  and sabbatical leave       consistent benefit
                               2022)                     EAP services                                      > Parental/partner           and employment




                                                                                                                                                               European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                         in 2022)                                            leave piloted in           experience for
                                                                                                             some markets to            employees
                                                                                                             create an inclusive
                                                                                                             and supportive
                                                                                                             workplace
                                                                                                           > Early finish on the
                                                                                                             eves of special
                                                                                                             holidays
      2022 programmes




       We DO wellness – This is Me campaign                                    stories together to create an accessible resource for the organisation
                                                                               going forward.
  To coincide with World Mental Health Day in October 2022, our
  employees participated in a two-week-long This is Me campaign,               This initiative sent an important signal to our people and other
  a global initiative that started in 2014 to normalise conversations          stakeholders that we care about their mental and overall wellbeing, and
  about those with different abilities and mental health.                      aim to create a more open, supportive and inclusive work environment,
                                                                               including a robust support system and platform to raise awareness and
  Our then Group Chief Executive, Mark FitzPatrick, launched the
                                                                               normalise discussions on mental health issues.




                                                                                                                                                               Additional information
  campaign, sharing his personal story on the intranet. This was then
  followed by the sharing of personal stories by leaders and employees         Having different abilities and managing mental health issues need not
  on their own experiences with mental health. The campaign was also           create barriers to people’s professional or personal development. We
  about living our values by being courageous and empathetic, and              also took the opportunity to emphasise that support is available at
  enabled our employees to learn from one another across all levels of         Prudential through our Employee Assistance and Mental Health First
  the organisation. The campaign closed with a message from Lilian Ng,         Aider programmes, medical benefits and PRUCommunities, among
  Managing Director, Strategic Business Group, that brought all the            other initiatives designed to help.


                                                                                                           Prudential plc Annual Report 2022       115
ESG report / continued




Prudential recognises the dedication and contribution of our               manage risks and maintain customers at the core of all that we do.
employees, and we are committed to a fair and transparent system           Among the experts were Mariano Suarez-Battan, CEO of Mural, who
of reward. Our Remuneration Policy ensures that we pay our                 shared tools for effective collaboration; Anita Schjøll Brede, co-
employees a fair and competitive wage in all markets which is              founder of Iris.ai and Forbes World’s Top 50 Women in Tech, who
benchmarked annually with our peers. Given the cost of living              spoke on using technology to get to know our customers better; and
pressures across many of our markets, cost of living payments have         Dr Ayesha Khanna, co-founder and CEO of ADDO AI, who shared on
been made to more junior people in the UK and benefit                      innovative problem solving. The sessions, hosted by members of our
improvements have been made for people in some locations to                GEC, are made available in seven languages on our learning system.
ensure that we continue to provide our staff with competitive
packages which protect them and their families. Prudential has been        Looking ahead
paying the London Living Wage since 2010.                                  Moving forward, sustained performance and deepened belonging
                                                                           through wellbeing will be a focus for us in 2023. We will continue to
The Group’s executive remuneration arrangements continue to                develop our leaders, drive high-performance teams, and provide
reward the achievement of Group, business, functional and individual       wellness support through the provision of tools and programmes that
targets, provided that performance is aligned to the Group’s risk          help our workforce connect, grow, and succeed in a safe, inclusive and
management framework and appetite and that our conduct                     healthy workplace.
expectations, as well as those of our regulators and other
stakeholders, are met. Information on executive remuneration and           > Work: Elevate our people for the future of work. We will cultivate a
its alignment with the pay of other employees is provided in the             continuous learning culture, and build skills for now and the future,
Directors’ remuneration report.                                              through a new Prudential Skills Framework that will underpin our
                                                                             skill-building initiatives in 2023. As part of the implementation,
As reported in the 2021 Directors’ remuneration report, the UK               functional leaders and subject matter experts will work together to
headcount of Prudential Services Ltd is below the 250-person                 co-create Learning Academies for functional skills development.
threshold which triggers mandatory publication of the gender pay             We also aim to launch a Leadership Skills Booster to prepare our
gap and the CEO pay ratio. Both the 2021 gender pay gap and the              managers to lead change in the new era of work.
CEO pay ratio data were disclosed on a voluntary basis. After due          > Workforce: Bespoke development approach for distinct workforce
consideration, we have decided that the UK gender pay gap and CEO            segments. We will actively manage career pathways and build a
pay ratio are not meaningful, given our small employee populations           sustainable succession pool for our most critical roles.
in the UK.                                                                   Understanding the individual and collective capabilities of our
Future-ready workforce                                                       leaders will allow us to improve our succession planning efforts. For
To embrace the future of work, we believe it is vital to develop a           the rest of our employees, self-directed, flexible career paths will be
workforce and a workplace where we practice being more innovative,           made available.
inclusive, risk-savvy and customer-centric daily. To do this, we           > Workplace: Sustained performance through D&I, wellbeing,
developed our future-ready skills in 2021 – a set of six skills that are     performance and reward. We will continue to take a proactive
well-established, international practices, tailored to our colleagues        approach to wellbeing by focusing on collective and individual
who live our values.                                                         resilience. We will refresh our performance principles, enabling
                                                                             employees to achieve optimal performance through the Group-
In 2022, we held a series of Future of Work webinars with 68 per cent        wide COACH framework, and we will continue to review our existing
of our workforce either attending live or watching the recorded              reward plans to ensure they attract, retain and motivate our people
sessions. The webinars were themed around these six topics,                  to succeed as our work practices evolve.
featuring external experts, internal leaders and employees who
shared candidly what it means to innovate, practice inclusiveness,




Our future-ready skills




116               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                 prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                   Group overview




Our digital responsibility                                                 Global security operating model
Digital innovation is key to our aim of helping our customers to           The Group information security team operates globally, leveraging



                                                                                                                                                   Strategic report
become healthier and wealthier, so that they can get the most out of       skill sets, knowledge, experience and resources across our
life. We are ambitious and we act with integrity when it comes to          geographical footprint to optimise our security defences and
digital responsibility. Our approach to the design, governance and         responses across Asia, Africa and the UK. In 2022, the operating
operation of our digital ecosystem is managed with the utmost care         model was further enhanced to consolidate cyber security operations
and attention to safety, fairness, and transparency.                       into a single Integrated Cybersecurity Operations group responsible
                                                                           for security threat detection and incident response, threat
Group-wide Information Security Framework                                  intelligence, vulnerability management and ethical hacking. As part
Given the increasing dependence on technology in delivering our            of the optimised model, all security engineering activities have also
business objectives, it is vital that we manage the associated             been aligned under a single Security Architecture & Engineering
information security and privacy risks effectively in Prudential. We       discipline. We continued to work collaboratively across the Group to

                                                                                                                                                   Governance
remain committed to protecting our customer data and preserving            consolidate and optimise information security technologies and
the privacy of our customers through our rigorous information              processes, enabling security services to become more effective and
security management framework.                                             efficient.




  Oversight and governance of information security




                                                                                                                                                   Directors’ remuneration report
              Governed by Group Policies, Standards and Risk Management Framework



                                                          Group Risk Committee



                                                   Group Executive Risk Committee


                                                                                                                                                   Financial statements
                                                  Group Technology Risk Committee
                        Oversees all aspects of technology risk covering infrastructure, platform, projects, third party,
                                                  data, AI, information security and privacy




                                                                                                                                                   European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
The Group Technology Risk Committee (GTRC), established in                 In 2022, with the increased regulatory interest in digital
September 2021, continued to operate effectively in 2022 to provide        transformation and technology risk management, we conducted
strong risk governance over cyber security and privacy issues across       dedicated sessions with our Group regulator and the Regulatory
the Group.                                                                 College to share best practices and lessons learnt.
The GTRC, chaired by the Group Chief Technology and Information            According to a Trend Micro report the global financial industry
Security Officer (CTISO), is a sub-committee of the Group Executive        experienced a 1,318 per cent increase in ransomware attacks in 2021.
Risk Committee (GERC). It provides regular updates to GERC and the         With ransomware continuing to be the most widespread worldwide
Board-level Group Risk Committee (GRC) on cyber threats facing the         threat for financial institutions, we have also identified security
organisation and progress of our security programme. The Group             incident simulation in October 2022 with the Group Executive
CTISO also holds dedicated sessions with the GRC and Group Audit           Committee (GEC) to test our ability to respond to plausible cyber
Committee (GAC) on cyber risks facing Prudential where required.           risk scenarios.
Furthermore, the Group Technology Risk Management (GTRM) team




                                                                                                                                                   Additional information
and Group-wide Internal Audit (GwIA) provide second-line and
third-line assurance over the robustness of information security and
privacy controls across the Group.




                                                                                                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   117
ESG report / continued




Group Information Security Policy                                                    Group data governance
The Group Information Security Policy (IS Policy) is central to how                  In order to fulfil our long-term digital aspirations, we are creating
Prudential governs and manages information security. All relevant                    ecosystems that are getting us closer to our customers. Part of this
businesses in Prudential are covered by the IS Policy, which is                      entails collecting and using large volumes of data from various
developed with reference to numerous international and local                         customer touchpoints so that we can continue to bring value to our
standards including:                                                                 customers and our ecosystem partners. This process requires strict
                                                                                     oversight, and we have established strong data governance processes
> ISO 27002;                                                                         so that our customers continue to entrust us with their personal
> NIST Cyber Security Framework;                                                     information.
> The Hong Kong Insurance Authority Guideline on Cybersecurity;
> The Monetary Authority of Singapore’s Guidelines on Technology                     At Prudential, data governance covers data stewardship and data
  Risk Management; and                                                               quality, both of which enable us to gain better control over data
                                                                                     assets, including methods, technologies, behaviours and training
> The Bank Negara Malaysia’s Policy Document on Risk                                 around the proper management of data. It also addresses security
  Management in Technology; and                                                      and privacy, integrity, usability, compliance, and the overall
> The Bank Negara Malaysia’s Policy Document on Management                           management of the internal and external data flows within our
  of Customer Information and Permitted Disclosures.                                 organisation, among other matters.
The policy is also supported by a set of technical standards to enable               To support our Data Governance Strategy, we have a Group Data
consistent implementation. Our global security function retains its                  Policy that is centred on the key principle that data must be well
comprehensive commitment to protect the business, comply with all                    governed and effectively managed throughout its life cycle. The data
applicable laws and regulations, and support the growth of the                       life cycle includes acquiring the right data, sharing and using it,
Group.                                                                               storing it, and transforming it so that it can be used by applications to
As the organisation transitions to a hybrid multi-cloud environment,                 support AI, business intelligence and operational use cases. The final
we are also investing in the adoption of Google Cloud Platform (GCP)                 step is ensuring that we retain the data in accordance with regulatory
security services to complement our existing Microsoft Azure service                 requirements.
services. We are also developing further technical standards as well as              Our aim is to democratise access to data, turning data into an
conducting an extensive architectural review as part of our                          organisational asset which can be leveraged to help make our
integration of GCP based security services.                                          customers healthier and wealthier. The policy also provides a
                                                                                     governance framework that enables us to build a data culture where
                                                                                     ownership and accountability are clearly defined.
                                                                                     We have taken a number of steps since 2020 to implement our data
                                                                                     strategy and policy, and enhanced our processes with the latest tools
                                                                                     and platforms.


  Summary of our data governance journey

           Jan 2020                                      Jun 2020                                        Dec 2020

           Data policy and strategy                      Regional governance                             Core local governance
           Group Data Policy and Strategy                and roles                                       Core data defined. Core Local Data
           defined and approved.                         Group and Regional Data Governance              Governance Councils established,
                                                         Councils established, with appointed Chief      with Data Owners appointed.
                                                         Data Officers.


           Jun 2022                                      Dec 2021                                        Jun 2021

           Next generation master                        Regional data centre                            Group data policy
           data management                               of excellence (CoE)                             implemented
           (MDM) capabilities                            and data governance                             Policy is ‘live’ and all businesses have Data
           Core data dictionaries, lineage and quality   tool implementation                             Governance Councils, Data Owners and
           capabilities and core data models and         Data CoE established to implement the           Data Stewards.
           Unified Data Platform (UDP) start to go       MDM platform strategy. Data governance
           ‘live’ in core businesses.                    training deployed. Collibra integration in
                                                         progress.


           Dec 2022                                      Dec 2023

           Value add data use cases                      Complete platform
           Local businesses use cases establish data     and drive value
           governance value. All UDP complete for        Deliver next generation standardised
           core businesses. Data governance tool         platform, roll out global data management
           rollout completed.                            tools and enhance employees’ data driven
                                                         capability and mindset.




118                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                     prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                               Group overview




In 2022, our key highlights included:                                                          Data privacy breach metrics
> Implementation of a Unified Data Platform (UDP) in eight of our


                                                                                                                                                                               Strategic report
                                                                                                                                          2022             2021   Change (%)
  core businesses; and
                                                                                               Total number of (privacy) data
> The Data Centre of Excellence, established in January 2021,
                                                                                                 breaches                                  20               18           11
  has been accelerating the development of the Master Data
  Management Platform and data governance tools by                                             Total number of (privacy) data
  consolidating engineering and data skills from across Prudential                               breaches involving sensitive
  into a single delivery-focused team.                                                           health information                          1               6         (83)

Cyber strategy and risk management                                                             Total number of customers and
We have developed our global information security programme to                                   employees affected by
                                                                                                 company’s data breaches              24,250         47,266            (49)

                                                                                                                                                                               Governance
deliver our cyber security strategy and to drive continuous
improvement across people, process and technology. In 2022, the                                Total number of customers and
programme continued to focus on the four strategic pillars to protect                            employees affected by
our customer data against heightened cyber threats, while enabling                               company’s data breaches
digital transformation of the business. The four pillars are: enabling                           involving sensitive health
secured digital platform and ecosystems; uplifting the cyber defence                             information                                 1             113         (99)
capabilities; automation and continuous improvement; and
transformation of the security organisation.                                                   The top three types of data breaches were related to:
Overall, the 2022 security and privacy programme continued to                                  (i) Data disclosed to incorrect recipient by email, post or other means;




                                                                                                                                                                               Directors’ remuneration report
improve our cyber hygiene, enhance the responsiveness and
                                                                                               (ii) Unauthorized data disclosure by financial consultants; and
preparedness of cyber incidents and heighten the awareness of our
staff to minimise the surface of attack. Additionally, the Group is                            (iii)	Data breach originated from bank partner or internal data update
covered by cyber insurance to cater for a catastrophic cyber event as                               or access issue.
a risk management mechanism.
                                                                                               Out of the total data breaches reported, one of the data breach
Security metrics                                                                               incidents involved sensitive health information that affected one
Cyber Security Awareness Month 2022                                                            individual.
More than 2,000 employees participated in our Cyber Security
Awareness Month in October, with over 1,700 earning themselves                                 Compared with 2021, the total number of data breaches has
GISP Cyber Security Champion badges. Participants had to read and                              increased by 11 per cent in 2022. However, the total number of
watch the weekly cyber security content covering topics such as the                            customers and employees affected by company’s data breaches has
importance of multi-factor authentication approvals, phishing                                  decreased significantly by 49 per cent, while the total number of




                                                                                                                                                                               Financial statements
prevention, software updates and best practices for remote working.                            (privacy) data breaches involving sensitive health information has
The participation rate for this second annual event rose by                                    been reduced by 83 per cent. This can be attributed to the continued
71 per cent over 2021.                                                                         development and optimisation of the organisation’s cyber security
                                                                                               defensive controls, increased maturity in the software development
                                               2022                2021           Change (%)   life cycle across our businesses, early eradication of vulnerabilities,
                                                                                               and improvements made to remediate gaps across our businesses.
Employee participation                       2,450                1,428                  71
                                                                                               While the incidents do not represent any systemic issue, mitigation
                                                                                               actions have been taken promptly to prevent recurrence.
Cyber security incident metrics
                                                                                               Regular external security audits are carried out as and when needed,




                                                                                                                                                                               European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                   Total number of                                             and we work closely with regulators to ensure this is effectively done.
                                          incidents
                                      escalated* to
                                                                                               We also conduct monthly scanning of our external environment for
                                       the Security       Total number     Total number        vulnerabilities. All public-facing applications undergo penetration
                                           Incident        of incidents      of incidents      testing, which includes vulnerability assessments as part of the
                                          Response          confirmed ** that are related
                                      Team (SIRT)           by the SIRT to ransomware          application launch. They are also regularly reviewed as part of our
                                                                                               governance process.
2022                                             39                   12                  2
                                                                                               Privacy
2021                                              69                  30                  0
                                                                                               As we increasingly adopt digital technology in our operations, the
*      Total incidents reported by employees to the Security Operations Centre.                data we generate creates an opportunity for us to enhance customer
**     Total incidents confirmed by the Security Operations Centre.                            engagement while maintaining a responsibility to keep our
                                                                                               customers’ personal data safe. It is therefore critical that we continue
The total number of cyber security incidents escalated in 2022                                 to ensure the robustness of our privacy governance, and that our
represents a 43 per cent reduction, due to enhanced cyber hygiene,                             personal data processing activities are conducted within lawful bases
more proactive threat hunting, and reduced surface of attacks eg                               such as consent, contract, legal obligation or legitimate interests. We
geolocation blocking implementation. Nonetheless, it should be                                 also adhere to data minimisation and ‘privacy-by-design’ principles,
recognised that the volume of cyber attacks has increased globally,                            ensuring that we only collect and use data for its intended purpose
along with increased sophistication of cyber threats and related                               and do not retain it longer than necessary, and that privacy elements




                                                                                                                                                                               Additional information
impacts. On this note, the number of security events such as attacks                           are present both at the onset and throughout our entire data
that have been automatically blocked and not escalated as an                                   processes. Privacy impact assessments are conducted by relevant
incident in Prudential have also increased. We will continue to focus                          businesses on their processing activities, including the deployment of
on managing malware attacks, particularly those that are                                       any new or enhanced technologies and practices affecting personal
ransomware, despite the reduction of cyber incidents.                                          data.




                                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022          119
ESG report / continued




As an international company, Prudential must navigate multiple              Business partners, who make up a key aspect of our Pulse ecosystem,
privacy laws. In 2022, several of our significant markets either issued     undergo strict due diligence to ensure that they meet our high
new laws or enhanced existing regulations. For example, in Thailand,        standards of data protection and security. At the same time, we use
the Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA) came into effect in June            our in-house security monitoring tool to detect any vulnerabilities and
2022 while Vietnam’s Decree 53/2022/ND-CP (VN Decree 53) called             keep Prudential and our ecosystem partners safe.
for data localisation for domestic companies.
                                                                            We continued to rely on the OnePulse Privacy Framework (OPF) to
Meanwhile, both Singapore and the Philippines increased the                 standardise the implementation of privacy controls. This framework
financial penalties for data breaches, signalling more severe               also helps us to address the different regulatory requirements and
consequences for companies. We have ensured that our privacy                expectations across our businesses in regard to customer privacy.
systems and controls and our personal data processing activities            Referencing the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
respect these regulatory requirements. For example, we revised our          requirements, the OPF outlines the mandatory and configurable
privacy impact assessment to include transfer impact assessment             controls to be built into our Pulse app, covering data subject rights,
and legitimate interest assessment, where applicable under local            customer consent and privacy notices. Additional controls are being
regulations. A specific application of this was in Vietnam where,           considered as regulatory requirements evolve, for example China’s
following the introduction of VN Decree 53, we took immediate steps         Personal Information Protection Law, Thailand’s PDPA, Indonesia’s
to successfully transfer our customers’ and employees’ personal data        Data Protection Act and VN Decree 53.
to local storage in Vietnam.
                                                                            Data within our digital ecosystem is governed by the Group-wide
A key focus in 2022 was to further embed privacy across the Group,          Information Security Policy and Group-wide Privacy Policy. To provide
and ensure that the protection and compliant use of personal data is        suitable services to users, Pulse collects information about them, and
considered a key component during new projects and initiatives. In          this is done transparently through the Privacy Notice provided prior to
addition to global training focusing on the requirements of the Group       registration. Overall, Pulse is subjected to robust governance
Privacy Policy (GPP), localised training to raise employees’ awareness      processes and risk oversight to ascertain all controls mentioned above
of their local privacy laws was rolled out across our businesses,           are operating effectively.
alongside the appointment of privacy champions. We also reviewed
data retention practices across the Group. Following the privacy
maturity reviews that were conducted in 2021, the Group Privacy
Office has since followed up on remediation and revisited the                     Building AI and digital capabilities
maturity assessment across Asia, Africa and the UK to further                      across the organisation
strengthen our Group-wide privacy controls. While Asia and the UK             AI Certifications – Prudential provides regular AI training to all
continue to demonstrate high privacy maturity, Africa has                     employees, and they have the option to certify the skills attained
demonstrated clear improvements since the reviews.                            during the training. To gauge our organisation’s interest in AI,
The Group Privacy Office continues to have oversight of privacy               we opened the certification to all employees and more than
compliance through implementation of the Group-wide Operational               2,700 completed the certification in 2022. Of these, 600 scored
Standard, which sits within the Group Privacy Policy, and regularly           higher than the pass mark and 150 achieved the top score.
reports to the Group Executive Risk Committee on privacy                      This provides a solid base of AI literacy across the company
compliance. The Group Privacy Office works closely with privacy               that we want to build on.
officers across Asia and Africa to offer guidance on ongoing privacy          Code; Without Barriers – In 2022, Prudential signed a
compliance, as well as to provide a point of escalation for resolving         memorandum of understanding with Microsoft to provide
data privacy issues. In 2022, the office enhanced its supervision of our      women with greater access to opportunities in technology
businesses with monthly privacy roundtables, and will explore similar         through digital skilling and connected communities. Through
collaborative activities in the future.                                       this partnership, our female employees can participate in a
Data subjects are notified about their rights via the Privacy Policy, and     programme called Code; Without Barriers where they will be
they can contact the relevant entities to exercise data subject rights        trained and certified in cloud, data and AI technologies. The
such as access and correction. Clear and accessible mechanisms for            programme also provides a platform for female employees to
data subjects to raise their concerns about data privacy have been            upskill themselves and connect with business leaders and a
implemented across our businesses.                                            network of mentors. With this partnership, our aim is to support
                                                                              our women in tech to connect, grow and succeed.
Protecting privacy on Pulse
We approach data within our digital ecosystem in the same manner              AI community – In 2022, we created a company-wide AI
as all data in our organisation. When it comes to our Pulse app,              community of more than 200 professionals who are involved
Prudential continues to prioritise security protection and customer           in AI-related activities both in our central teams and our local
data by ensuring tight security controls are effectively implemented.         businesses. All functions are represented, from digital technology
These include having multi-factor authentication, setting minimum             to marketing, operations, finance, actuarial and beyond. The
standards for mobile device operating systems, preventing jailbroken          community meets every month to share knowledge which aids
and rooted devices from using Pulse, and securing transmission and            adoption and implementation, while enabling our community
storage of data. The Pulse team also continued to adopt a robust              members to remain at the leading edge of the fast-paced AI field.
secure development life cycle, and carry out independent penetration
testing by an external party where appropriate.




120               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                 prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                              Group overview




Bringing value to customers through responsible AI
We continued to lean on our eight artificial intelligence (AI) Ethics Principles developed in 2020 to guide our use of AI in Pulse, and across our



                                                                                                                                                              Strategic report
insurance business processes. The principles are:




    Value                                 Transparency                         Fairness                                  Accountability
    Design Al with a clearly defined      and explainability                   Treat people fairly, avoiding bias        and responsibility
    purpose, and aligned with                                                  and unfair discrimination

                                                                                                                                                              Governance
                                          Be transparent that Al is used as                                              Accept accountability and
    customer values                       part of our products and services,                                             responsibility transparently
                                          explain this simply and be                                                     for the outcome of the
                                          prepared to justify decisions made                                             use of Al




                                                                                                                                                              Directors’ remuneration report
    Compliance                            Reliability                          Privacy and security                      Assurance
    Comply and respect relevant           Design Al that is highly reliable    Respect user privacy and security         Continuously review and monitor
    regulations, including human          and robust                                                                     our Al deployment and outcomes
    rights laws                                                                                                          to continually meet all principles




The Ethics Working Group, which was governed by the Global AI                  Among the newly approved AI systems were predictive underwriting
Council until the end of 2022, continues to play a significant role in         for new policy applications; a system to identify healthcare claims




                                                                                                                                                              Financial statements
upholding our AI Ethics Principles. Its main responsibilities include          that are potentially subject to fraud, waste and abuse; and a portfolio
reviewing all AI initiatives and prototypes and maintaining a record of        optimisation tool based on genetic machine learning algorithms in
all assessments and certifications.                                            our wealth business.
From 2023, the Global AI Council has been replaced by the AI                   Since it was established in 2021, the Ethics Working Group has
Governance Working Group (AIWG), which is one of the working                   approved 47 per cent of AI systems, conditionally approved
groups that report into the Data and AI Governance Council (DAGC).             18 per cent, rejected 23 per cent and conditionally rejected
                                                                               12 per cent. We expect the rejection rate to decrease as our AI
In 2022, the Ethics Working Group continued to review AI systems               engineers and business owners take our AI Ethics Principles on board
that were in production for compliance with our principles, based on           increasingly early in the development process.
real-world system performance. Overall, the Ethics Working Group




                                                                                                                                                              European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
takes one of four decisions for every AI system it reviews. They are:          Our AI ethics governance has enabled us to build and implement AI
                                                                               systems thoughtfully, by considering all aspects that promote the
> Approved – The system is in alignment with our AI ethics principles          responsible and ethical use of AI.
  and is permitted to remain operational.
> Conditional approval – The system is in alignment with our AI
  ethics principles and is permitted to remain operational, but there
  are some follow-up actions to be conducted while the system
  remains in use.
> Rejected – The system violates our AI ethics principles and must be
  removed from use.
> Conditional rejection – The system is conditionally rejected, but in
  certain conditions ongoing use may be permitted, eg use in specific
  countries or demographics. For example, our symptom checker is
  not to be applied to paediatric use cases.




                                                                                                                                                              Additional information




                                                                                                          Prudential plc Annual Report 2022       121
ESG report / continued




                                                                              The Group ESG Committee oversees responsible investment activity,
                                                                              with operational responsibilities being delegated to the Group
                                                                              Responsible Investment Advisory Committee (GRIAC).
                                                                              Co-chaired by Prudential’s Chief Investment Officer (CIO) and the
                                                                              CIO of Eastspring, the GRIAC provides a regular forum for the main
Strategic Enabler: Responsible investment                                     asset owner and asset management businesses to consider
                                                                              responsible investment approaches. The GRIAC meets monthly to
As a life insurer, asset owner and asset manager, Prudential is a             monitor the implementation of current responsible investment
long-term steward of its clients’ assets. We have a responsibility to our     activities, in addition to assessing new initiatives. During 2022, the
clients, the communities and environment in which we operate, to              GRIAC met 10 times and discussed a range of responsible investment
apply ESG considerations into our investment decisions and our                topics, including:
fiduciary and stewardship duties.
                                                                              > Progress updates on coal divestment;
Our asset manager, Eastspring Investments, incorporates relevant              > Eastspring’s progress on engaging with companies on climate
ESG issues into its responsible investment process. It seeks to identify        change;
and account for such issues into both its investment decision-making          > New classification frameworks for fund products with ESG
processes and the way it conducts stewardship activities.                       characteristics;
Group responsible investment governance                                       > Expanding third-party toolkits for Eastspring investment teams,
Our responsibility to steward our client’s assets is reflected both in our      such as templates to assess sectoral decarbonisation pathways;
governance and in our Group Responsible Investment Policy, which              > Developing and integrating forward-looking metrics for climate risk
outlines our expectations of all our businesses.                                into Eastspring’s investment process;
At the Board level, the Group Risk Committee (GRC) has assumed                > Prudential’s active involvement in the Net Zero Asset Owner
additional oversight responsibilities for environmental and climate-            Alliance; and
related risk, and the Group’s ongoing external commitments to the             > Developing internal carbon pricing for consistent use between our
decarbonisation of its operations and investment portfolio, and other           investments and our operations.
climate-focused external responsible investment commitments.                  With our responsible investment practices now developed, it is
The Board-level Responsibility & Sustainability Working Group                 anticipated that the remit of the GRIAC will be brought into the
(RSWG) oversees overall embedding of our Group ESG strategy.                  Group Investment Committee during 2023.



  ESG is embedded in our governance


                   Group Risk Committee (GRC)                                    Responsibility & Sustainability Working Group
         Board Committee, which reviews the Group’s material                                        (RSWG)
          risk exposures, including climate-related exposures,                       Board-level working group, which oversees overall
            and monitoring progress of the Group’s reporting                             embedding of the Group’s ESG strategy.
               against the recommendations of the TCFD.
                                                                                In 2022, the RSWG repositioned to focus more on customer,
         In 2022, the GRC started overseeing ongoing external                       culture and digital matters, transferring its climate,
        Group commitments to decarbonise its operations and                        decarbonisation and responsible investment oversight
       investment portfolio, and other climate-focused external                             to the Group Risk Committee (GRC).
                responsible investment commitments.




                                                              Group ESG Committee
                                      Focused on the holistic assessment of ESG matters material to the Group.




                                     Group Responsible Investment Advisory Committee (GRIAC)
                                     Operational responsibility for oversight of Responsible Investment activity.




122                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                 prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                         Group overview




Responsible investment approach                                               During 2022, we made updates to our Group Responsible Investment
Prudential is uniquely positioned as both a global and a local asset          Policy, requiring our asset managers to screen the portfolio on



                                                                                                                                                         Strategic report
owner, which affects our approach towards ESG and engagement, as              additional themes. These include assessing exposure to
well as how we work with our asset managers. Our position of being a          unsustainable palm oil, as well as companies violating the United
local asset owner within many emerging markets in Asia and Africa             Nations Global Compact (UNGC). More detail on these processes can
means that we invest the large majority of our assets within the              be found in the ‘Screening the Portfolio’ section below.
countries that we operate in. Whilst this has benefits from a capital
growth perspective, this also means that we must take local                   The objective is to enhance overall Group-level expectations related
circumstances into account.                                                   to responsible investment, and better guide our local businesses and
                                                                              asset managers on how to consider ESG factors in investment
We believe it is critical to respond to the challenge of transitioning        activities. Our recent updates build on the six implementation
towards a low-carbon economy in a way that reflects both                      strategies introduced in 2021 (see diagram below, and for more


                                                                                                                                                         Governance
geographical and sectoral challenges, as well as considering the              information, the policy can be found on our website here: www.
social implications of our plans in a just and inclusive manner.              prudentialplc.com/~/media/Files/P/Prudential-V3/policies-and-
Above all, Prudential is focused on real world impact that is                 statements/group-responsible-investment-policy-07102021.pdf).
meaningful for our stakeholders. To view Prudential’s long-term
ambitions on tackling climate change, see our first Climate Transition
Plan, published alongside this report here: www.prudentialplc.com/~/
media/Files/P/Prudential-V13/esg-report/climate-transition-
plan-2022.pdf.




                                                                                                                                                         Directors’ remuneration report
  Our six implementation strategies




   Screening the             Exclusion                ESG integration         Active                  Capital                     Market influence
   portfolio                 Excluding a              Incorporation of        ownership               allocation                  Influencing the
   Maintaining an            company from             ESG information         Maintaining a           Shifting capital            market with regard
   awareness of the          the investment           into our parts of the   dialogue with the       from harmful                to responsible




                                                                                                                                                         Financial statements
   potential risks to the    portfolio if its         investment process:     companies in which      activities towards          investment by
   Group’s reputation        products or conduct                              we invest about         environmental or            contributing to
                                                      > Asset allocation
   arising from              is considered to be                              ESG risks and           social needs                sustainable
                                                      > Manager selection
   investment activities     unacceptable                                     opportunities                                       initiatives
                                                      > Portfolio                                     > Portfolio
                                                        management            Voting policy that        decarbonisation
                                                                              supports long­-term     > ESG­ investments
                                                      > Risk management
                                                                              performance by
                                                                              taking account of
                                                                              relevant ESG issues




                                                                                                                                                         European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
This section describes our activities across each of the                      Portfolio’s exposure to palm oil
implementation strategies, with the exception of market influence             Our asset managers screen for exposure to palm oil, specifically for
which is addressed in the ‘Supporting a just and inclusive transition’        the degree of Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO)
section on page 104.                                                          certification. This gives us insight into companies producing
                                                                              unsustainable palm oil in the portfolio, so that we can engage with
Screening the portfolio
                                                                              them to encourage more sustainable manufacturing. The
Screening is the first stage for any new responsible investment at
                                                                              engagement requirements cover the entire palm oil supply chain,
Prudential, as our local businesses are required to maintain an
                                                                              including buyers and other relevant stakeholders, as all actors in the
awareness of ESG risks within their investment portfolio. Screening
                                                                              supply chain have a responsibility to encourage sustainable palm oil
informs follow-up actions such as engagement, reallocating invested
                                                                              production.
capital to other companies, or complete divestment as a last resort.
Eastspring uses screening as a foundation for investment, its                 As the RSPO certification focuses primarily on palm oil producers and
approach to active ownership, and driving long-term strategic                 not the wider supply chain, additional tools are used to close this gap,
change.                                                                       such as SPOTT, a public online platform that scores palm oil, tropical




                                                                                                                                                         Additional information
                                                                              forestry and natural rubber companies. These insights highlight areas
Prudential has exclusion policies for tobacco, controversial weapons,
                                                                              requiring deeper assessment including traceability, certification and
and companies with coal revenue exceeding a certain threshold.
                                                                              commitment to non-deforestation and labour rights. We also use
These are covered below, and are also found in our Group Responsible
                                                                              information from sources such as the companies’ palm oil policy and
Investment Policy, available here: www.prudentialplc.com/~/media/
                                                                              ESG ratings from our data suppliers to supplement our assessment of
Files/P/Prudential-V13/policies-and-statements/group-responsible-
                                                                              individual companies.
investment-policy-for-external-publication.pdf.



                                                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022      123
ESG report / continued




Companies are assessed based on their exposure, and defined as            Exclusions
‘worst performers’, ‘improvement needed’, and ‘best in class’. In line    Prudential has an exclusion policy for certain industries, including
with the Group’s Responsible Investment policy, those in the ‘worst       controversial weapons, tobacco, and companies that derive more
performers’ and ‘improvement needed’ categories are selected for          than 30 per cent of their revenue from coal. When considering a
engagement, both bilaterally and through collaborative                    Group-wide exclusion, an assessment is made on the expected risk
engagement. Eastspring also engages with buyers of palm oil and           versus return impact of the investment portfolio.
industry bodies, recognising that the unsustainable practices linked
to palm oil are a supply chain issue.                                     Prudential does consider exceptions, such as for certified green bonds
                                                                          for coal, which can be granted on a case-by-case basis. These bonds
On an annual basis, both Prudential and Eastspring evaluate the           must contribute to a transition consistent with (or better than) the
engagement of each holding. Should engaged companies fail to              Paris Agreement. The portfolio manager must also seek reasonable
indicate progress on meaningful sustainability commitments, further       assurance that funding provided by the green bond is not freeing up
actions are taken. These can include divestment as a last resort, if      additional financial capacity for that issuer, or related companies in
identified material risks are deemed to sufficiently impact investment    the market, that will be used to fund non-sustainable alternatives.
conviction, and if any future engagement is likely to fail.               Our robust and continuous control processes help to mitigate the
                                                                          implementation complexities which exceptions introduce.
In 2022, Eastspring identified 22 different players within the palm oil
industry (17 plantations and supply-chain companies, four fast-           Proposals for exceptions, or for additional exclusions (eg, companies
moving consumer goods companies, and RSPO itself) for                     outside these three industries), need to be approved and follow our
engagement on sustainable palm agriculture practices. The purpose         responsible investment governance process.
is to assess and engage, in order to elevate the standards of growing
or sourcing, to meet all material aspects of the RSPO and SPOTT           Coal
index. To conduct its initial assessment, Eastspring developed a set of   In May 2021, Prudential pledged to divest from all direct investments
criteria required to assess all the different players in the palm oil     in businesses which derive more than 30 per cent of their revenue
industry. Thus far, Eastspring has reviewed 100 per cent of the           from coal mining and/or electricity generated from coal. In setting
companies, and commenced engagement with 95 per cent of the               our threshold for divestment, we take great care in balancing our
same group. Eastspring will continue these engagements into 2023          stewardship duties in developing markets with our dedication to the
and beyond.                                                               low-carbon transition. We firmly believe that the foundation for a
                                                                          truly just and inclusive transition lies in the dedication to work with
Portfolio’s exposure to companies violating the UNGC                      companies to phase coal out more quickly and effectively, as
The UNGC is a voluntary United Nations pact to encourage                  opposed to strict divestment that diverts necessary financing for the
businesses to adopt sustainable and socially responsible policies, and    transition. As such, we believe that the 30 per cent revenue threshold
to report on their implementation. The 10 principles of the UNGC are      appropriately balances this perspective, and are continually
derived from international agreements on four topics: human rights,       monitoring this decision.
labour, environment and anti-corruption. Screening for violators of
the UNGC is needed to encourage companies to change their                 In 2021, we fully divested from equities meeting the policy criteria,
conduct and comply with international agreements brought together         which we continue to monitor so as to maintain this divestment
in the UNGC.                                                              position. By the end of 2022, we had substantively completed our
                                                                          commitment to divest from coal bonds meeting the policy criteria: we
Using third-party vendor data, Eastspring classifies companies into       had divested from 97 per cent of the coal bonds held at 31 March
three categories: violating the UNGC (and thus deemed as failing the      2021, the date used for our May 2021 commitment. Due to illiquidity
screening); close to violating the UNGC (and placed on a watch list);     in the market, we were unable to fully divest from one remaining
or not violating the 10 UNGC principles (and passing the screening).      holding of $12.1m, which illustrates the degree of challenge in
In line with the Group’s policy, Eastspring engages with UNGC             implementing a divestment strategy in our markets. We continue to
violators, both bilaterally and through collaborative engagement.         seek opportunities to divest from the remaining holding and intend to
                                                                          do so as soon as practicable. We also continue to engage with the
This policy was introduced during 2022. Eastspring have identified 14
                                                                          issuer on other options for us to divest from this holding as we believe
companies that have failed the UNGC screening (ie, flagged as failure
                                                                          we have set our coal policy in a just and inclusive manner. Since
by our third-party data vendor) and will engage them as a result. The
                                                                          31 December 2022, we have further divested from this coal bond.
majority of these 14 companies are from the mining sector. Given the
timing of the policy introduction, Eastspring have reviewed
21 per cent of the companies during 2022, will continue its review and
commence engagement with the balance of the identified
companies in 2023. Eastspring will escalate if they do not receive a
satisfactory response.




124               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                               prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                    Group overview




Tobacco                                                                   Manager selection
We exclude companies classified as ‘Tobacco’ under the Global             Eastspring has integrated ESG considerations into its sub-fund



                                                                                                                                                    Strategic report
Industry Classification Standard (GICS) level 3, which is a global        manager screening, due diligence, selection and ongoing monitoring
classification standard used by market participants. Prudential           processes, in order to give confidence that those managers are
completed its divestment from this category by the end of 2021, and       sufficiently aligned to Prudential’s ESG requirements.
in 2022 continued to exclude such holdings from its investment
portfolio.                                                                During the due diligence stage, sub-fund managers are assessed
                                                                          regarding the ESG aspects of their investment process. This ensures
Controversial weapons                                                     that the ESG policy of each manager sufficiently aligns with the
Based on verification from our data provider, we exclude companies        sustainability objectives of the Prudential Group. This phase involves:
involved in cluster munitions, anti-personnel mines, biological
weapons, chemical weapons and nuclear weapons outside of the UN           > A qualitative evaluation with the sub-fund manager to gain a
                                                                            thorough understanding of how ESG is integrated with the team’s

                                                                                                                                                    Governance
Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
                                                                            philosophy and process; and
Prudential completed divestment from this category by the end of          > A quantitative evaluation of ESG, which is conducted as part of a
2021, and in 2022 continued to exclude such holdings from its               broader assessment of various aspects of the manager’s team and
investment portfolio.                                                       process.
ESG integration                                                           Portfolio management
We aim to integrate ESG factors into all our investment decisions. This   Eastspring is responsible for ensuring that Prudential’s Responsible
complements the traditional financial analysis we conduct, in order to    Investment policy is correctly implemented for assets under its
better manage risk and generate sustainable long-term returns for         mandate. Each of our investment teams has its own approach to




                                                                                                                                                    Directors’ remuneration report
our customers. ESG integration applies to the entire investment           integrating ESG matters, which is dependent on the characteristics of
process. All relevant Group investment teams are expected to              each asset class and investment strategy. Accordingly, investment
demonstrate how ESG considerations are embedded into investment           teams have developed, or are in the process of developing,
decisions. This includes our asset manager Eastspring, which recently     environmental, social, and corporate governance policies that
updated its Responsible Investment Policy to align more closely with      formalise their specific approach to ESG issues and are explicitly
that of Prudential, while also allowing flexibility for the investment    integrated into investment processes.
strategies of third-party clients (ie non-Prudential clients).
                                                                          Eastspring has incorporated ESG into its formal research programme.
Prudential is supportive of further regulation around ESG integration     Using available historical data, investment teams identify and
in investments. The European Union’s Sustainable Finance Disclosure       validate ESG alpha factors that may improve the returns of its
Regulation (SFDR) is a prime example of such development. In 2022,        strategies, and ESG factors that may mitigate risk. Over time, the aim
87 per cent of Eastspring’s international funds (SICAV) received          is to enhance data-driven approaches to strengthen environmental
Article 8 status. These funds ‘promote, among other characteristics,      and broader ESG capabilities, to generate alpha or reduce proven




                                                                                                                                                    Financial statements
environmental or social characteristics, or a combination of those        risks for clients.
characteristics, provided that the companies in which the
investments are made follow good governance practices.’ For more
information, see the ‘Global advocacy’ section on page 104.
Asset allocation
Prudential aims to integrate ESG into its asset allocation process,
reflecting our belief in the added value of ESG and ensuring asset
owners’ decisions on ESG are reflected accurately in the investment
process.




                                                                                                                                                    European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
During 2022, we created climate-informed capital market
assumptions, which are an important input for the strategic asset
allocation (SAA) process, and we have changed some SAA
benchmarks to ESG benchmarks. This enables us to incorporate a
view on climate change into our asset allocation, including the
impact of relevant transition and physical risks, and government
policies responding to these factors.
Our SAAs are based on different decarbonisation targets that vary
depending on region. For example, Prudential Hong Kong and
Singapore have changed some of their SAA benchmarks to ESG
benchmarks, which align closely to Prudential’s responsible
investment efforts. As we prefer to take a gradual approach to gain
experience over time, the two businesses noted above have started
with the more ESG-mature markets of Europe and the United States.




                                                                                                                                                    Additional information




                                                                                                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   125
ESG report / continued




       Sectoral decarbonisation pathways                                    (TPI) tool. This tool allows the assessment of companies based on
                                                                            an IEA-aligned 1.5°C scenario, a below 2°C scenario, and a national
  During 2022, we established an internal sectoral decarbonisation
                                                                            pledges scenario (which combines all global pledges on net zero).
  working group, with members from both Prudential and Eastspring.
                                                                            To address the data coverage challenge, we are developing an
  The aim is to formulate sectoral approaches to inform investment
                                                                            internal tool to complement the TPI tool, which will be made
  decisions and engagement on climate change.
                                                                            available across the organisation to investment teams within our
  In many decarbonisation models, a company in an emerging                  local businesses.
  market (eg Indonesia) is expected to decarbonise at the same rate
                                                                            Additionally, the working group assessed sectoral engagement
  as a company operating in a developed market (eg Germany). This
                                                                            questions from leading industry sources. Based on this analysis, the
  does not do justice to the local circumstances, such as availability of
                                                                            working group focused on developing a list of sector-specific
  clean energy in an electric grid. In addition, Prudential faces the
                                                                            engagement questions for the utilities sector, designed to elicit a
  challenge of data coverage, which is generally poorer in emerging
                                                                            higher quality engagement response, and ultimately greater
  markets than in developed markets.
                                                                            decarbonisation progress. Moving forward, the working group aims
  The working group explored a range of sectoral decarbonisation            to formulate further sector-specific engagement approaches for
  pathways and toolkits, and chose the Transition Pathway Initiative        the five most carbon-intensive sectors in the investment portfolio,
                                                                            which are utilities, oil and gas, cement, steel and metals and mining.




Risk management                                                             Our asset manager Eastspring adopts an active and impactful
Prudential actively identifies how ESG risks can impact its business,       approach to asset ownership, focusing on reducing investment risk
including operational and investment activities. Our management of          and enhancing returns, in addition to driving positive impact. This
climate-related risks is a key example of this ESG integration, as          approach emphasises direct and constructive dialogue with
highlighted in our ‘Stewarding the human impacts of climate change’         companies on sustainability and governance issues that have a
section on page 90. Such risks are managed through an overarching           material impact on long-term performance.
risk framework, which identifies interdependencies and amplifiers,
time horizons, materiality and multiple stakeholders. We develop            Eastspring aligns its stewardship approach with the International
bespoke climate scenarios to test the resilience of different business      Corporate Governance Network (ICGN) Global Stewardship Principles
functions and model carbon pricing where relevant as a proxy for            and ICGN Global Governance Principles.
enacted government climate policies. These insights help determine          Prudential also considers voting as a crucial element of being an
potential disruptions to the investment returns needed to meet the          active shareholder. This important part of the investment process is
long-term obligations of our liabilities.                                   covered below in the ‘Voting’ section.
Eastspring approaches climate risk at the company level, which is           Engagement process
covered in greater detail in the next section on active ownership. As a     As mentioned in the ‘Screening the Portfolio’ section, engaging
response to the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) guidelines            investee companies is a critical component of responsible
on Environmental Risk Management, which came into effect in June            investment. Engagement with companies in the real economy is key
2022, Eastspring Singapore took key internal preparation steps. This        to encouraging responsible business practices, ultimately leading to
included creating an internal working group to assess progress              changes in company behaviour that contribute to sustainability
against guideline requirements, and reporting through the Risk              goals. Prudential defines active ownership as actively engaging with
Workstream and into the Sustainability Committee, to ensure clear           the companies in which we invest, and using our voting rights. Such
visibility of project updates. As part of initial scoping, the working      activities represent a core part of effective stewardship, which can
group conducted a gap analysis across all four segments of the              support robust financial performance and generate positive changes
framework and had set up regular check-ins on progress for                  for society and the environment.
addressing the identified gaps. The completion of this project was
marked by producing a public response to MAS and the creation of an         Prudential’s corporate engagement is carried out by Eastspring,
internal Environmental Risk Management framework.                           which engages portfolio companies through three channels:

Active ownership                                                            > Central engagement: A central sustainability team conducts
Prudential recognises the importance of acting in ways consistent             specific engagement on discrete themes (including
with our stewardship responsibilities. This ensures that underlying           decarbonisation and climate change, palm oil and UNGC
beneficiaries, including shareholders and policyholders, see their            violations);
capital protected and enhanced over time.                                   > Collaborative engagement: Where investment teams actively
                                                                              participate in industry working groups on sustainability topics; and
                                                                            > Investment teams for equity and fixed income drive investment-led
                                                                              engagements (eg on earnings, corporate governance etc).
                                                                            Across all three channels, Eastspring has conducted a total of 744
                                                                            engagements with companies in 2022.




126               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                  prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                        Group overview




    Geographic distribution of engagement


                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
The charts below show the location of companies Eastspring has engaged, based on where they are incorporated. While our engagement
activities span the globe, our strongest focus was on companies in China, Taiwan and India. This reflects the Asia-centric nature of
Eastspring’s stewardship strategy, which we believe is a differentiating factor as a local asset manager.
Eastspring global engagement count 2022




                                                                                                                                        Governance




                                                                                                                                        Directors’ remuneration report




      Eastspring global
       engagement count




                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
Eastspring Asia engagement count 2022




                                                                                                                                        European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                        Additional information
      Eastspring Asia
       engagement count




                                                                                             Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   127
ESG report / continued




  Eastspring central engagement process

            1                          2                        3                   4                        5                        6

      Identify topic           Identify                 Cross-check         Assess quality            Compose                 Monitor
      for engagement           companies                company             of management             engagement              progress
                               that are in              disclosures         targets, and              letter and
                               scope for the            against selected    strategy to               email to target
                               engagement               standards,          shortlist target          companies
                               topic                    initiatives,        companies
                                                        targets, and
                                                        strategy




Central engagement programme                                                Throughout this process, the sustainability team integrates research
Eastspring’s sustainability team engages investee companies to both         insights – from both Eastspring investment professionals and
enhance positive material ESG traits, and mitigate material ESG risks.      third-party platforms– to inform its ongoing engagements.
This complements the fundamental research process of Eastspring’s
investment team, in both active equity and fixed income.                    Climate change and decarbonisation
                                                                            Prudential fully supports the urgent need to reduce global carbon
Eastspring’s central engagement capability helps attract and retain         emissions to limit climate change, in line with the Paris Agreement.
clients by meeting rising stakeholder expectations. The process also        We therefore believe in using our influence to limit the impact of
ensures alignment with strengthening regulatory expectations, such          climate change, benefitting our policyholders through reduced
as those of MAS, who notably urged asset managers to directly               impact on their daily lives, and limiting the financial impact on the
address environmental and climate-related risks in its May 2022             portfolios we manage for them.
policy update.
                                                                            Eastspring currently engages with companies responsible for
These efforts focus primarily on ESG themes, initially targeting            65 per cent of our Absolute Carbon Footprint, defined as the absolute
companies who are not disclosing in line with global initiatives.           GHG emissions associated with an investment portfolio (expressed in
Currently, the central sustainability team at Eastspring primarily          tonnes of CO2e). Eastspring utilises third-party data to calculate this
engages on the theme of climate change and decarbonisation, and             footprint of portfolios and securities in scope, and identify the top
how portfolio companies can take relevant action. Other thematic            carbon-emitting companies that correspond to this 65 per cent.
engagements include palm oil, and violations of the UNGC.
                                                                            Throughout their monitoring process, Eastspring will use its judgment
In planning for engagement, Eastspring seeks to directly                    to determine whether a company is progressing adequately on
communicate with target companies using the process summarised              decarbonisation. If further engagement is deemed as likely to fail,
in the diagram above. The written letter and email follow-up process        Eastspring will exit the investment as a last resort.
introduces Eastspring and its overall stewardship approach –
                                                                            In 2022, Eastspring engaged holdings representing 65 per cent of
including its alignment with ICGN principles – before delivering
                                                                            absolute emissions in Prudential's portfolio. This translates to 72
targeted questions.
                                                                            companies. Eastspring's key assessment metrics include disclosure,
A process is in place to monitor and report progress to the asset owner     on CDP and TCFD, availability of short-, medium-, and long-term
(Prudential) and other stakeholders. Continuous engagement allows           targets, and details on strategy to achieve these goals. This involves
for incremental improvements and achievement of milestones at               cross-checks on disclosures of information relevant to the
portfolio companies to be recognised, as well as escalation and             engagement topic, and utilises third-party resources, including public
intervention for relevant businesses. The ‘Eastspring’s engagement          databases, subscription-based ESG ratings, company sustainability
on climate change and decarbonisation’ box below provides further           reports and prior engagements from Eastspring portfolio managers
detail on the milestones used.                                              and analysts.
Eastspring monitors and reports on the engagement progress with             The questions posed in the letters to investee companies differed
each target company, based on five levels, as set out in the                depending on observed information gaps, and focused on data
‘Eastspring’s engagement on climate change and decarbonisation’             disclosure, short-, medium- and long-term targets for carbon
box below.                                                                  emissions reduction (from Climate Action 100+, an investor initiative
                                                                            that engages large corporate GHG emitters to improve their climate
Eastspring strives to engage each company until it has satisfactorily       performance), and overall strategy to achieve these goals.
resolved the relevant outstanding sustainability issue. This is likely to
be a multi-year process, where Eastspring continues to engage until         In cases where, after our rigorous assessment of their climate change
satisfied the issue is resolved. Judgment is applied to all                 and decarbonisation strategy, companies fulfil or even exceed our
engagements, and the strategy for escalation will be determined             criteria, we nevertheless write to advise the company that they are
on a case-by-case basis. Escalatory actions can vary, including             part of our ongoing monitoring under thematic climate engagement.
divestment as a last resort. More information can be found in               We encourage the company to strive for further progress and, where
Eastspring’s Responsible Investment Policy, available here:                 applicable, make suggestions in relation to pursuing industry-leading
www.eastspring.com/docs/librariesprovider2/responsible-                     best practices.
investments/ri-policy-brochure-4-jan-2023.pdf




128                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                 prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                 Group overview




                        Eastspring’s engagement on climate change and decarbonisation


                                                                                                                                                                                 Strategic report
   > Assessed 86 holdings that are responsible for 65 per cent                                      > For 53 holdings, there were identified climate-related data
     of absolute emissions in Prudential’s investment portfolio.                                      items that were not in their public disclosures. To address this,
     This related to 72 companies at June 2022.                                                       Eastspring engaged at least once with these companies,
   > 19 companies fulfilled all our criteria. Eastspring has written                                  writing emails individually tailored to each holding.
     letters to these companies, and will continue to monitor them.
   Engagement milestones for 53 companies
                         Raised awareness of issue(s) with the company                 4




Engagement milestone
                                                                                                                                                                                 Governance
                                                   Dialogue in progress                                                                                                18
                           Company has agreed to address the issue(s)                                                         11
                       Company has developed/planning to implement                              6
                                        a plan to address the issue(s)
                        Company has satisfactorily resolved the issue(s)                                                                         14

                                                                           0   2   4        6              8           10          12       14          16        18        20
                                                                                                               Number of companies




                                                                                                                                                                                 Directors’ remuneration report
   Engagement milestone levels

                                1                                      2                   3                                    4                                 5

                   Raised awareness                        Dialogue in             Company has                         Company has                      Company has
                   of issue(s) with                        progress                agreed to address                   developed/planning               satisfactorily
                   the company                                                     the issue(s)                        to implement a                   resolved the
                                                                                                                       plan to address                  issue(s)
                                                                                                                       the issue(s)




                                                                                                                                                                                 Financial statements

                        Eastspring engagement case studies
   a) Chinese cement company (Milestone Level 2)                                                    b) Asia Pacific steel company (Milestone Level 4)
   The company was initially assessed on its climate change strategy                                Upon assessment, the company had fulfilled most of our criteria on
   in 2021. It did not meet any of our climate criteria, including not                              climate change as it has set medium-term and long-term targets




                                                                                                                                                                                 European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
   disclosing to CDP, having targets to reduce carbon emissions, nor                                and shared extensive details of its decarbonisation journey. It has
   explaining its decarbonisation journey. We arranged a virtual                                    also conducted scenario analysis and explained the key drivers and
   meeting and conducted the engagement in Mandarin. During the                                     assumptions for each scenario. In addition, its senior management,
   engagement, we explained that investors mainly want to see the                                   including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Sustainability Officer,
   company disclose for the first time and do not mind if the score is                              have a part of their variable incentives linked directly to
   poor. We encouraged the company to submit its first-ever                                         emissions reduction.
   disclosure, which was completed in 2022.
                                                                                                    The company’s only information gap is its disclosure to CDP.
   After engaging the company, we contacted CDP, who were pleased                                   Initially, the company was reluctant to disclose to CDP, as the
   to see successful contact made, given that they and other investors                              sustainability team had focused on enhancing its TCFD reporting.
   had tried to engage with the cement company since 2010.                                          During our engagement, we explained the benefits of disclosing
                                                                                                    to CDP, which include improving its reputation as a transparent
   We rate the engagement with the company as Level 2 Milestone                                     company, improving access to capital, moving ahead of regulatory
   because, while progress has been made, the company has yet to                                    changes on environmental reporting, identifying previously
   set targets for carbon emissions reduction and there is no concrete                              overlooked risks and benchmarking against industry peers.
   plan for decarbonisation in place yet.
                                                                                                    Five months later, the company informed Eastspring that it
                                                                                                    acknowledged our expectations and would participate in CDP’s




                                                                                                                                                                                 Additional information
                                                                                                    disclosure cycle for 2022.




                                                                                                                              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022       129
ESG report / continued




As Prudential has carried out its divestment from companies who           sub-groups, each of which focused on a separate Japanese blue-chip
obtain more than 30 per cent of their revenue from coal, these            stock. The objective was to establish a long-term working relationship
companies are no longer included in the list for our climate              focused on improving corporate governance, capital management
engagement target. However, as we believe it is important for these       (ie reduction of cross-share holdings to increase return on equity), and
companies to reduce their coal revenue, Eastspring continues to           sustainability disclosures. Eastspring engaged with the bank twice in
engage with them, given that they have a particularly long-standing       2022 as a sub-group member of ACGA’s Japan Working Group. The
relationship.                                                             bank has committed to significantly increase the amount of
                                                                          cross-shareholding to be unwound during the course of its three-year
Over time, as these companies transition and their coal revenue
                                                                          mid-term plan. It also intends to expand the scope of sectors for
declines, Prudential hopes to be able to invest in them again to
                                                                          which it sets 2030 interim GHG reduction targets in its financed
support their transition to a low-carbon economy.
                                                                          portfolio (ie beyond power and upstream oil and gas) and strengthen
Eastspring was selected to participate in CDP’s Climate Transition        its corporate disclosures as part of its membership of the Net-Zero
Champions Pilot, an engagement project that worked with target            Banking Alliance.
companies to define transition plans and improve disclosures.
                                                                          Investment-led engagement
Eastspring worked with the procurement teams of numerous
                                                                          Eastspring’s investment teams evaluate material risks to holdings,
multinational corporations to assess the resilience plans of their key
                                                                          which may differ across companies, sectors and asset classes. The
Tier 1 suppliers (if listed and disclosed to CDP). Several other global
                                                                          level of engagement with portfolio companies will vary based on
asset managers conducted similar engagements with other
                                                                          materiality, investment size and the nature of the risks themselves.
companies. As the only asset manager from the Asia region,
                                                                          These ongoing dialogues focus principally on long-term factors that
Eastspring shared and collected insights on how climate transition
                                                                          determine companies’ earnings. Eastspring’s process incorporates a
strategies of emerging market companies compared with their
                                                                          range of milestones reflecting time-bound expectations, including
developed economy counterparts.
                                                                          strategy development, reporting and disclosures, and
In addition, Eastspring has participated in CDP’s Non-Disclosure          implementation.
Campaign, an initiative that encourages companies to respond to
                                                                          Voting
CDP environmental data disclosure requests. As part of this
                                                                          Prudential considers voting as a crucial element of being an active
programme, Eastspring wrote to approximately 2,000 portfolio
                                                                          shareholder. This important part of the investment process
companies that currently do not disclose basic GHG data.
                                                                          represents an opportunity to influence the company. Eastspring’s
Collaborative engagement                                                  voting and engagement activities are closely aligned, and seek to
On certain issues, Eastspring may express concerns to companies’          change a company’s behaviour on areas of concern. Only in
management collectively with other investors. Such collaborative          appropriate circumstances will Eastspring consider divestment as the
engagement seeks to maximise investor influence and ensure                ultimate course of action.
consistent messaging is delivered to businesses on enhancing their
                                                                          Eastspring engages Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS), a fellow
sustainability practices.
                                                                          signatory to the United Nations-supported Principles for Responsible
Eastspring has aligned its stewardship approach with the ICGN             Investment (PRI), to provide administrative assistance in connection
Global Stewardship Principles and believes that investors should be       with voting proxies. These services include votes processing and
prepared to collaborate with other investors to communicate areas         recommendation. Eastspring reviews these and decides whether to
of concern. This is intended to more effectively engage with investee     follow or apply its judgment to vote differently. Given the paramount
companies to preserve or enhance value on behalf of beneficiaries         importance of its shareholders’ long-term interests, Eastspring do not
or clients.                                                               always support the management of companies and may vote
                                                                          against management from time to time.
Eastspring’s Japan Equity Team is part of the Japan Working Group
at the Asian Corporate Governance Association (ACGA). The                 In 2022, Eastspring voted on 97.7 per cent of the total number of
organisation is an independent non-profit dedicated to working with       proxy votes in which it was eligible to vote. Eastspring voted with
investors, companies and regulators in the implementation of              management recommendations 89.3 per cent of the time and voted
effective corporate governance practices throughout Asia. Together        against management recommendations 10.7 per cent of the time.
with other global asset managers, Eastspring engaged a large
                                                                          Capital allocation
multi-national bank through one of the Japan Working Group’s five
                                                                          Capital allocation refers to the strategic distribution, re-distribution,
                                                                          and investment of our financial resources to environmental or social
                                                                          needs appropriate to the markets in which we operate. Such activities
       Collaborative engagement leads to                                 work in tandem with securing the required returns from such
                                                                          opportunities that meet the long-term needs of our customers
        fast‑tracking of sustainable energy                               and investors.
  Eastspring continues to participate actively in industry working
  groups on sustainability. Through The Asia Investor Group on            We aim to channel capital to companies that align more closely
  Climate Change (AIGCC) Asian Utilities Engagement Programme,            with our values, as we believe this incentivises companies to operate
  Eastspring collaboratively engaged a major Malaysian utility            more sustainably, especially when combined with engagement.
  company. After Eastspring participated in two further                   As described below, we do this for both our investment portfolio
  engagements via the AIGCC in 2022, the utility company issued           and our investment-linked products (ILPs), where the investment
  a public statement on its approach of fast-tracking the pursuit         risk associated with the product is usually borne by the policyholder.
  of its sustainability aspirations. This included a commitment to        Eastspring will invest in labelled bonds issued by companies when
  integrate sustainability key performance indicators (KPIs) into         suitable investment opportunities are available. Labelled bonds
  management level remuneration packages. This emerged from               include green bonds, and are considered by Eastspring only where
  numerous engagements since 2021, where Eastspring’s local               the companies produce documentation that attests the funding
  equity investment team requested the company publicly state             provided solely funds sustainable alternatives. These exist where
  specific ways of meeting its net-zero ambitions.                        investee companies issue a debt instrument that finances
                                                                          decarbonisation targets, and is certified by a globally-recognised

130               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                 prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                   Group overview




      Additional Eastspring engagement examples                         b) Port operating company – on environment (climate change
                                                                         and adaptation) and social (occupational health and safety


                                                                                                                                                   Strategic report
  a) Utilities company – on climate strategy and transition
                                                                         (OHS))
  financing
                                                                         Going into the engagement, the Singapore equity team observed
  Given the increased impact of transition risk to high emission
                                                                         that a third-party ESG rating agency has awarded the company a
  industries such as the energy sector, the Singapore Equity team
                                                                         bottom-quartile rating. We utilised this opportunity to advise the
  contacted the company to clarify its capital expenditure plans for
                                                                         company on enhancing disclosures and remediating identified
  decarbonisation between 2022 to 2026, to provide confidence on
                                                                         issues. The company was receptive to our feedback, revealing that
  the near-term risks and opportunities that the company can
                                                                         they had already been conducting an environmental impact
  mitigate and capitalise on, respectively.
                                                                         assessment before modifying natural areas.
  We asked for clarity on how the company is positioning itself to

                                                                                                                                                   Governance
                                                                         When we questioned the company about its readiness for adapting
  specific opportunities, such as new transition technologies. The
                                                                         to physical climate risks, the company demonstrated awareness,
  company demonstrated that it is building capacity to assess and
                                                                         such as conducting an expert review and increasing the height of
  invest in future energy diversification projects, including the
                                                                         several flood gates. The company also disclosed that it is currently
  creation of a fund and a dedicated research centre featuring a
                                                                         working on modelling climate physical risk scenarios.
  combined portfolio of projects focusing on biofuels hydrogen and
  offshore wind.                                                         We continued encouraging the company to set relevant,
                                                                         quantitative OHS targets, and to have group-level oversight on
  Through the engagement we attained a better grasp of the
                                                                         OHS measures. We also advised on key metrics by benchmarking
  company’s governance of its climate strategy, which features board
                                                                         with leading industry peers. The company was receptive to our
  oversight as well as executive implementation under a committee




                                                                                                                                                   Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                         feedback, setting up an ESG committee to oversee all sustainability
  overseeing firmwide ESG initiatives. We also provided feedback to
                                                                         aspects. We will continue to monitor their progress in addressing
  the company on emerging topics, such as biodiversity, to which the
                                                                         targeted issues, and work with the company to improve
  company noted they will factor in when scaling their future
                                                                         communication with the third-party ESG rating agency.
  programmes.
  With a clearer understanding and comfort of the company’s level of
  preparation for its climate commitments, we will continue to
  monitor the implementation of its transition strategy.




standard. As of December 2022, Eastspring’s portfolio contained          ESG and UN SDG promoted funds are Eastspring strategies that have




                                                                                                                                                   Financial statements
$1.5 billion in green bonds, a 25 per cent year-on-year increase.        ESG or SDG targets alongside risk and return targets, that have been
                                                                         introduced within the Prudential portfolio. These targets were
We also see interesting developments in our frontier markets, such       carefully selected and tailored to each market after consideration.
as Cambodia. Together with other global insurers, Prudential invested    For example, in the case of portfolio carbon intensity, risk factors,
in a bond issued by a local railway infrastructure conglomerate in       expected volatilities, the size of the market, and the carbon intensity
Q4 2022. Proceeds will support strategic transport infrastructure        of the market overall have been considered.
development, which will increase capacity, lower costs, and ensure
safer and quicker deliveries. This ultimately seeks to improve           In the future, Prudential may consider setting targets around the
Cambodia’s growing logistics needs, facilitating trade, and reliably     proportion of its assets to be classified as ESG- or SDG-promoted.
connecting local communities. While not a labelled bond, this            Targets would be set with full consideration of investment objectives,




                                                                                                                                                   European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
investment illustrates how we allocate capital towards sustainable       risk tolerance, and overall strategy.
business activities. In January 2023, we were able to invest in a
separate Cambodian green bond, verified by an internationally
recognised second party. The green bond was issued by the largest
local banks to finance eligible green projects and/or loans.                    Investing amid data uncertainty
Cambodian green bonds only started to be issued in 2022, marking
                                                                           Globally, asset managers are heavily dependent on publicly-
a positive sustainable finance development in the region.
                                                                           available sources of ESG data, which is often historic in nature
ESG investment classification framework                                    and only disclosed once or twice a year.
During 2022, Prudential and Eastspring established a new framework
                                                                           In our emerging markets, the availability of reliable business-level
to classify ESG investments.
                                                                           sustainability metric data, whether from portfolio companies or
Having agreed this classification, Prudential and Eastspring intend to     third-party vendors, continues to pose challenges. When
collaborate to increasingly allocate Prudential assets to ESG and UN       encountering such information uncertainty, our local investment
SDG promoted funds over time, subject to appropriate investment            teams are required to establish ESG risk assessment frameworks,
governance.                                                                and overcome data gaps. Using a framework established in 2021,
                                                                           Eastspring Vietnam continues to leverage industry standards and
This investment framework classifies investments into the following        consolidate company-level assessments obtained through




                                                                                                                                                   Additional information
three categories of ESG funds:                                             engaging management.
> ESG screened, which incorporate ESG considerations into the              In addition, an independent market data provider assists in
  decision-making process and include a minimum threshold on ESG,          identifying companies that are considered to have failed to meet
  aligned to our existing investment processes;                            UNGC standards. This data can be difficult to validate,
> ESG promoted, which include ESG in its KPIs; and                         particularly any remediation of historical cases, and as such it is
> SDG promoted, which consider real-world impact consideration,            considered in conjunction with Eastspring’s own research.
  along with strategies that aim for sustainability.

                                                                                                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   131
ESG report / continued




  ESG investment classification framework



               ESG                                                     ESG                                                     SDG
            screened                                                promoted                                                promoted

      Objective:                           Objective:                                                                Objective:
      Risk/return and minimum              Specific ESG objective                                                    SDG alignment
      threshold on ESG                     alongside risk/return                                                     alongside risk/return

      Prudential has continued             Eastspring classifies a range of strategies, developed in 2022, as        Eastspring is currently
      to integrate a minimum               ESG promoted. These are funds managed against one or more                 developing funds with the
      threshold on ESG into its            ESG KPIs, such as lower carbon footprint, a lower exposure to             objective of targeting
      investment management                fossil fuel reserves, and gender diversity indicators.                    alignment with the UN
      agreements for mandates.                                                                                       SDGs. These funds will look
                                           In 2022, Prudential introduced WACI budgets into certain                  at investing in listed
                                           current funds or mandates, which allows these funds to be                 companies that have
                                           considered as ESG promoted. A phased approach for WACI                    evidence of addressing one
                                           budgets into current funds and mandates was approved by the               or more UN SDGs through
                                           Group ESG Committee during mid-2022, subject to appropriate               their products and services.
                                           investment governance.




ILP funds
Investment-linked products (ILPs) are insurance products coupled                       Investing in healthcare impact
with an investment fund managed by a professional fund manager.                   Prudential Singapore launched a new US$1 billion global private
At Prudential, our ILPs provide both protection and wealth                        equity fund in October 2022. Managed by Eastspring, this fund
accumulation for policyholders. As the investment fund selection is               makes commitments to private equity funds and co-investments,
set by the policyholder (ie Prudential does not set the investment                with part of its strategic allocation being directed towards impact
mandate), these funds are not included in our WACI calculations.                  investments.
Following their 2021 launch, Prudential Singapore continues to                    In February 2023, Eastspring completed a commitment to an
operate its two sustainable ILP funds. Local clients can invest more              impact-focused fund, ARCHIMED MED Platform II, which makes
sustainably while also growing capital in the long term. Both funds               mid-market investments in healthcare companies in Europe and
use the MSCI All Country World Index as a benchmark.                              North America. ARCHIMED has fully integrated impact and ESG
Managed by GMO Investment Management Company (Ireland                             into its investment process and strategy, with regular reviews of
Limited), the PRULink Global Climate Change Equity Fund has assets                progress achieved against impact objectives at each of its
under management of $13.2 million as of 31 December 2022. This                    underlying companies. ARCHIMED’s fund is classified as SFDR
fund’s investments aim to address environmental challenges                        Article 9 and the manager has set up a charitable foundation
presented by global climate change, or improve the efficiency of                  that receives 5 per cent of its performance fees.
resource consumption.                                                             Prudential expects to make further impact-focused investments
Managed by Wellington Management Company LLP, the PRULink                         going forward as part of its fund’s strategy.
Global Impact ESG Equity Fund has assets under management of
$4.3 million as of 31 December 2022. Through this fund’s investments,
we seek to improve the quality of and access to basic life essentials,
reduce inequality, and mitigate the effects of climate change.
Further information is provided in each fund factsheet:
> PRULink Global Climate Change Equity Fund:
  www.prudential.com.sg/-/media/project/prudential/pdf/
  ebrochures/prulink-funds-updated/factsheets/prulink-global-
  climate-change-equity-fund.pdf
> PRULink Global Impact ESG Equity Fund: www.prudential.com.
  sg/-/media/project/prudential/pdf/ebrochures/prulink-funds-
  updated/factsheets/prulink-global-impact-esg-equity-fund.pdf




132               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                     prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                            Group overview




                                                                                                                                                                            Strategic report


Strategic Enabler: Community
engagement and investment


                                                                                                                                                                            Governance
Our mission and vision for community investment is to create a better                           Our approach to community investment
future for our communities by making them safer and more resilient                              Prudence Foundation’s activities centre on the significant needs of
to life’s risks, and to provide families with essential life skills that help                   vulnerable communities across our markets in Asia and Africa. We
them have a better, more secure future and get the most out of life.                            worked with strategic partners and leveraged the knowledge and
By leveraging our key strengths as a business, including our long-term                          local expertise of colleagues in our local businesses to initiate our key
approach and geographical scale, we are creating a better future for                            programmes.
our communities.
                                                                                                In setting our community investment strategy, Prudence Foundation
Prudence Foundation                                                                             focuses on the following guiding principles:
Prudence Foundation, a subsidiary of Prudential plc and a Hong
                                                                                                > Addressing major societal needs relevant to both Asia and Africa




                                                                                                                                                                            Directors’ remuneration report
Kong-registered charitable entity, was founded in 2011 to develop
and deliver integrated regional community investment programmes,                                  that are priorities for our communities and stakeholders in our
and to help our local businesses align and improve their individual                               markets;
community investment strategies. The Foundation’s goal is to                                    > Leveraging Prudential’s core strengths of providing health and
maximise positive outcomes in the regions where we operate, and                                   financial security with a long-term lens; and
help underserved communities to get the most out of life.                                       > Leveraging partnerships to drive impact and scale.



  Prudence Foundation ESG objective: Creating a better future, together with you

 Three pillars
                   Making health and                                       Stewarding the human                                 Building




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial statements
                   financial security accessible                           impacts of climate change                            social capital

 Community
                   Financial                                               Climate, health and safety
 investment
 programmes        Education                                               Resilience
 supporting
 our strategy      World-class award-winning                               Climate adaptation and school
                   children’s financial                                    resilience programme looking                                          Parents
                   education programme                                     at risks, frameworks and solutions
                                                                           for global school and child safety




                                                                                                                                                                            European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                   SDG link: 4 17
                                                                           SDG link: 1 3 4 11 13 17                                   NGOs                  Communities
                   Children’s health
                   Wellbeing                                               Climate research focused on
                                                                           upcoming health impacts,
                   Partnerships with UNICEF                                and identifying solutions and
                   and CDRF focused on the                                 implementing with Red Cross                               Children                 Schools
                   first 1,000 days of a child’s
                   life. Improving holistic                                SDG link: 3 13 17
                   parenting and care-giving
                                                                                                                                             Governments
                                                                           Mass scale awareness and
                   SDG link: 1 2 3 4 17                                    education campaigns focused
                                                                           on disasters, road safety, Covid-19,
                   Community health                                        first aid and mental health, with
                   Wellbeing                                               global partnership ambassadors
                   Prudential’s Covid-19 relief                            SDG link: 1 3 11 13 17
                   and recovery fund




                                                                                                                                                                            Additional information
                                                                           Disaster Tech Awards, developing
                                                                           networks and partnerships to
                                                                           develop and drive solutions

                                                            Leveraging staff regional and local volunteering

  SDG link (See https://sdgs.un.org/goals for more information about the SDGs.)




                                                                                                                        Prudential plc Annual Report 2022       133
ESG report / continued




Following these principles, we develop and deliver programmes that                              Our governance structure
fill gaps not being sufficiently addressed, reaching millions of people                         The Responsibility and Sustainability Working Group (RSWG)
at scale with the aim of improving lives and making vulnerable                                  oversees Prudential plc’s community engagement and investment
communities more resilient. Our programmes are aligned to the                                   activities on behalf of the Board. Prudence Foundation, our charitable
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and our three ESG strategic                                subsidiary, is governed by a statutory board of directors that meets
pillars: making health and wealth more accessible, stewarding the                               regularly to review community investment strategies, initiatives and
human impact of climate change and building social capital.                                     budgets. Prudence Foundation is also guided by the Group’s ESG
                                                                                                strategy framework.
We focus on health issues that are relevant to our communities,
financial education, and building community resilience against                                  Prudential’s Group-wide Community Investment Policy guides our
natural disasters and climate-related risks. We continue to build on                            approach to community investment and engagement and sets out
the long-term relationships we have with our community partners,                                minimum standards, including not permitting any investment or
offering both financial and skills-based support.                                               contribution that is prohibited by law or regulation, that falls under
                                                                                                the Political Donations Policy, or that is made to any religious
We are also actively involved in major disaster and crisis recovery
                                                                                                organisation whose principal aim is to propagate a particular faith.
programmes and in 2022, Save the Children’s Emergency Fund, which
is supported by Prudential plc and helps prevent and respond to crises                          It is the Group’s policy neither to make donations to political parties
across the world, provided essential support to children and families                           nor to incur political expenditure, within the meaning of those
in Ukraine and its neighbouring countries with food, clothes and                                expressions as defined in the United Kingdom Political Parties,
medicine as well as child protection services and education kits.                               Elections and Referendums Act 2000. The Group did not make any
The emergency fund also responded to other natural disasters in our                             such donations or incur any such expenditure in 2022.
markets, including an earthquake in Cianjur, Indonesia and famine
in East Africa. Our employees have also contributed around 18,000                               Our corporate social responsibility and sponsorship anti-bribery and
hours of volunteer service in the local communities we operate in.                              corruption guidelines state that Prudence Foundation or local
                                                                                                business community investment programmes or activities should not
Monitoring and measuring community investment                                                   be leveraged for sales opportunities.
In 2022, in our continuous effort to improve our data disclosures, we
made some changes to our reporting process. In 2021, we reported                                Financial education
only on cash donations made to charitable organisations. From 2022,                             Cha-Ching
to reflect fully our actual community investment commitment,                                    Cha-Ching is Prudence Foundation’s flagship and award-winning
we are reporting broader spend related to our community initiatives,                            global financial literacy education and responsibility programme,
including spend with non-profit organisations, NGOs, social                                     which provides a tailored curriculum for children aged between seven
enterprises and other third-party suppliers, and the 2021 spend has                             and 12. The programme aims to address financial literacy gaps across
been restated on the same basis. In 2022, the Group spent                                       our markets, by providing a blended learning approach, leveraging
$12.2 million on our community investment programmes (2021                                      digital tools and platforms and implementing a classroom-based
(restated): $9.9 million).                                                                      programme which can be taught by trained teachers in schools. Our
                                                                                                focus is to cultivate strong financial literacy foundations, and make
Our community investment spend has been defined, calculated and                                 the programme freely available and easily accessible to millions of
categorised using the internationally-recognised Business for Societal                          children, parents and teachers.
Impact (B4SI) Framework.
                                                                                                Prudence Foundation entered into a partnership agreement with
                                                                 2021                           Junior Achievement (JA) Asia Pacific in 2016 to develop the Cha-
                                             2022*         (restated)†               2021
                                                                                                Ching Curriculum. Through government collaboration and strong
Cash donations to                                                                               NGO collaboration, the curriculum has been implemented in schools
  charities                          $7.9 million        $4.7 million        $5.9 million       across Asia and Africa.
Cash donations to other                                                                         The teacher-led Cha-Ching curriculum is now taught in eight markets
  community investment                                                                          across Asia: the Philippines, Indonesia, Malaysia, Vietnam, Taiwan,
  partners                           $4.3 million        $5.2 million      Not reported         Cambodia, Thailand and Laos. In Singapore, through a volunteer-led
Total cash contribution            $12.2 million         $9.9 million        $5.9 million       approach, we have reached over 16,000 children to date. Our teacher-
                                                                                                led Cha-Ching Curriculum programme continued in Africa, where we
*     Within the scope of EY assurance – see the Basis of Reporting (www.prudentialplc.com/~/   worked with Junior Achievement Africa to bring this to primary school
      media/Files/P/Prudential-V13/esg-report/basis-of-reporting-2022.pdf) for details.         students in six countries: Kenya, Ghana, Nigeria, Uganda, Côte
†     The 2021 figures have been restated to reflect a change in the broader disclosure of
      charitable spend as outlined above. See the Basis of Reporting (www.prudentialplc.
                                                                                                d’Ivoire and Zambia.
      com/~/media/Files/P/Prudential-V13/esg-report/basis-of-reporting-2022.pdf) for details.
                                                                                                In addition to our partnership with Junior Achievement, to ensure
                                                                                                continued mass outreach to our targeted audience, we entered into
                                                                                                partnership with Cartoon Network in 2011 to broadcast Cha-Ching
                                                                                                cartoons, reaching over 36 million households daily. Cha-Ching
                                                                                                content continues to be available online via the website and through
                                                                                                digital channels including social media, receiving over 98 million
                                                                                                views to date in Asia and Africa.




134                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                  prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                        Group overview




  Cha-Ching curriculum cumulative reach
  from 2020-2022

                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
                                                                         The Cha-Ching curriculum has been one of the best avenues
                                                                         in providing life-long lessons to our learners regarding an
  2020    617,000                   15,000                               important life skill – financial literacy. The Cha-Ching network
                                                                         in the Bicol Region has continuously worked to innovate and
                                                                         improve the 360-degree implementation approach of the
  2021    888,000                             24,000
                                                                         programme, in coordination with the schools and educators of
                                                                         the programme. This is why it is one of our proudest moments
  2022    1,270,000                                       37,000         and achievements to receive the news that the percentage of
                                                                         educators with loans in the Bicol Region has decreased from
                                                                         90 per cent to 70 per cent since Cha-Ching’s implementation.

                                                                                                                                                        Governance
     Students reached            Teachers reached                        This prestigious and international recognition has only fuelled
                                                                         our hopes and drive to decrease this number even further in
                                                                         the coming years, as well as to reach more beneficiaries of
                                                                         the programme.

Cumulatively in Asia and Africa, more than 37,000 teachers have
been trained to deliver the Cha-Ching Curriculum in schools, and over    Gilbert Sadsad,
1.2 million primary school students have learnt the lessons of earn,     Regional Director, Department of Education, Philippines
save, spend and donate.




                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ remuneration report
Key awards received in recognition of our continued efforts in the
communities we serve:
> Cha-Ching won Best Non-Profit in a Developing Economy award at         I volunteered myself to teach Cha-Ching. Today I don’t regret
  the 2022 Money Awareness and Inclusion Awards (MAIA) which             taking that step. Just the training alone when the Prudential
  recognises exemplary work raising awareness on problems caused         team were taking us through the Cha-Ching curriculum, by the
  by poor financial literacy. It was the ‘highest scoring entry in the   end of the day there was such a paradigm shift. I took two
  whole of the MAIAs this year’.                                         classes, Grades 5 and 6, about 100 out of the 400 learners of
                                                                         the school. When we started the first session, the children were
> Cha-Ching was awarded ESG Initiative of the Year – Hong Kong at
                                                                         so excited. It has been received so well. I went an extra mile to
  the Insurance Asia Awards 2022, for its commitment to increase
                                                                         make sure their parents are aware of what we are doing and
  financial literacy among young people globally.
                                                                         they support their children. I will use the opportunity and the
> Cha-Ching in the Philippines won silver at the 2022 Annual             training that I have received to invest in the incoming generation




                                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
  International Business Awards® in the Best Communications or PR        so that I can make a change, because it doesn’t cost much to
  Campaign of the Year category, together with Pru Life UK and           share knowledge and to help young people come to a place
  Junior Achievement.                                                    of financial literacy.


                                                                         Madam Benter Okuku,
                                                                         Teacher in Mombasa, Kenya




                                                                                                                                                        European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                                         Cha-Ching Money Adventures
                                                                         In 2021, a web-based interactive learning game ‘Cha-Ching Money
                                                                         Adventures’ was developed by Prudence Foundation to complement
                                                                         the Cha-Ching curriculum, foster greater financial literacy for children
                                                                         and encourage family dialogue about financial decisions. It was
                                                                         created in partnership with Two Moos (an Australian-based
                                                                         educational media design studio) and Education Development
                                                                         Center (a US-based not-for-profit organisation).
                                                                         In January 2022, Education Development Center (EDC) researchers
                                                                         conducted an evaluation study in the Philippines on the game to
                                                                         determine its appeal and effectiveness. Key findings from the study
                                                                         suggest that ‘Cha-Ching Money Adventures is fun and engaging for
                                                                         eight- to nine-year-olds; is effective in improving their financial literacy
                                                                         and helps catalyse parent-child conversations about money’.
                                                                         In October 2022, Cha-Ching Money Adventures was launched
                                                                         globally, following the success of a soft launch in the Philippines in




                                                                                                                                                        Additional information
                                                                         conjunction with Cartoon Network in July and August. Work is
                                                                         currently under way to ensure the game is available in multiple
                                                                         languages.




                                                                                                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022     135
ESG report / continued




Digital initiatives                                                                 OECD Core Competencies Framework on Financial Literacy for
In 2022, we continued to actively drive digital initiatives as part of our          Youth and the ASEAN Teachers Competency Framework. The
efforts to increase the reach and impact of Cha-Ching.                              Cha-Ching teacher network was strengthened through the CCFA
                                                                                    programme, and online CCFA webinars were held in the Philippines
> The Cha-Ching Financial Literacy Global Conference 2022 was                       and Indonesia. To date, over 14,000 teachers have registered and
  hosted virtually in February 2022. The purpose of the two-day                     8,700 have completed the CCFA online assessment since its
  conference was to highlight the importance of financial literacy                  inception in 2020. 8,000 teachers have passed the CCFA and have
  and explore key global questions around the topic. Educators,                     received accreditation.
  policy makers, academics and industry experts came together to
  provide insights on the role financial education plays in enhancing             > Cha-Ching videos and parent resources have been made available
  individual and collective development and the opportunities this                  for free on the Pulse app across markets including Singapore,
  presents. Over 1,000 people attended via Zoom, with over 5,000                    Vietnam, Cambodia and the Philippines.
  more people viewing through other social media platforms.                       PRU e-FinLit
> The virtual 2022 Global Money Week campaign led by the                          We continued to provide our support for financial literacy
  Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development                          programmes via our Online Professional Certification Training
  (OECD) celebrated its tenth anniversary. Ten of our markets                     Program (PRU e-FinLit) for Philippines and Indonesia in 2022.
  participated, including Indonesia, the Philippines, Vietnam, and                In Philippines, we expanded the certification programme to cover
  Uganda, holding Cha-Ching webinars, competitions and digital                    government workers from the Metro Manila Development Authority
  campaigns to raise awareness of the importance of financial                     (MMDA). In Indonesia, in collaboration with Sharia Economic
  literacy for young people.                                                      Community (MES), Prudential Indonesia held a series of financial
> Roll-out of the online Cha-Ching Financial Accreditation (CCFA)                 literacy webinars with the objectives of increasing women’s
  programme continued in 2022. This online assessment is endorsed                 knowledge of basic financial management and increasing
  by education authorities and was developed in alignment with the                awareness of sharia-based financial services.

Our local communities update

Markets        Development                                                                    Impact in 2022

Vietnam        > Continued curriculum implementation, including a series of edutainment       > Accessible to students and mass public.
                 and online/offline communication activities launched.                        > 4,600 students participated in the competition.
               > A Smart Kids Smart Money Competition and Cha-Ching Day were held.

Thailand       > Collaborated with Human Capital Excellence Center under the Ministry         > 4,000 teachers and master teachers trained.
                 of Education.                                                                > Over 76,000 students taught.

Malaysia       > Cha-Ching programme approved by Minister of Education.                       > Increased outreach to public school students.
               > Partnership with Junior Achievement.                                         > Over 16,000 students completed all six modules in the
               > Digital materials and video distribution to teachers and students.             programme and over 400 teachers were taught the
                                                                                                curriculum.

Kenya          > In September 2022, we partnered with Akili Kids free-to-air TV Network       > Audience of 6.7 million children and 4.9 million adults
                 to air Cha-Ching’s 18 episodes. (#1 TV channel in Kenya in households          with children weekly.
                 with children and youths under 18 years of age).

Nigeria        > Cha-Ching Money Show, a Cha-Ching TV programme discussing
and              financial education, was developed, filmed and launched in 2022 in
Ghana            conjunction with Junior Achievement Africa and Ultima Studio in Nigeria.
                 The programme features two teenage hosts, a live audience, the
                 Cha-Ching videos, games and interviews with special guests including
                 the Chief Commercial Officer, Prudential Zenith Insurance.



Safety
SAFE STEPS
To promote the resilience of communities we run SAFE STEPS,                       > On social media, SAFE STEPS Kids has reached over 33 million
a global programme that provides education, awareness and                           people, and its videos have been viewed over 12 million times
life-saving tips, including information on climate and disaster risk                across all digital platforms since its launch in 2019.
preparedness, road safety, first aid and Covid-19. Developed in
partnership with the International Federation of Red Cross and Red                SAFE STEPS Kids
Crescent Societies (IFRC) and National Geographic, the programme                  Following our new SAFE STEPS Kids Health educational series ‘Be
continues to reach millions of people in Asia and Africa through our              Cool Be Clean’ video campaign, launched in 2021 to teach children
many media partnerships and government collaborations.                            the importance of good hygiene, Prudence Foundation continued to
                                                                                  work with Cartoon Network and IFRC to introduce a 60-second public
The programme’s reach continues to be significant:                                service video in 2022, titled ‘Stress Busters’. The new video focused on
                                                                                  addressing children’s mental health and wellbeing by providing
> SAFE STEPS programmes reach over 136 million people                             easy-to-understand and relatable tips for children to overcome stress
  in Asia and Africa via various media partnerships in 2022;                      and anxiety.
> SAFE STEPS Kids has a TV reach of 36 million households
  every day via Cartoon Network; and


136                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                         prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                           Group overview




Covid-19 Risk Communication and Community Engagement                            International Road Assessment Programme (iRAP)
(RCCE) programme                                                                In 2022, Prudence Foundation entered a new partnership with the



                                                                                                                                                           Strategic report
During the pandemic, Prudence Foundation worked with IFRC Africa                International Road Assessment Programme (iRAP), a global
to implement a Covid-19 Risk Communication and Community                        charitable organisation with the objective of international promotion
Engagement (RCCE) programme. This was designed to help reduce                   of road safety improvement and road quality. Prudence Foundation
the spread of infection in Africa by supporting the development of              provided funding support to its global Star Rating 4 Schools (SR4S)
information materials and messages to address misinformation and                programme, with an evidence-based tool for measuring, managing
fears about Covid-19 and vaccines. The RCCE activities were informed            and communicating children’s exposure to risk on a journey to school.
by local community insights, and accurate information was                       It supports quick interventions that help save lives and prevent
disseminated through accessible and trusted mass media channels.                serious injuries. Road crashes are the biggest killer of young people
The Red Cross National Societies of Cameroon, Côte d’Ivoire, Ghana,             aged from five to 24, and the SR4S programme leverages the iRAP
Kenya and Togo worked closely with Prudential businesses to develop             Pedestrian Star Rating to create safer journeys to school.

                                                                                                                                                           Governance
critical risk communication activities, each informed by local context.
The programme used a multi-pronged approach to engage
communities through perception surveys, webinars, mass media
broadcasts, home visits, community meetings and focus groups, and
reached over four million people across five countries in 2022.                 The National Traffic Safety Committee highly appreciates the
                                                                                long-term commitment from the donor – Prudence Foundation
                                                                                and Prudential Vietnam. The SAFE STEPS Kids Road Safety
                                                                                project delivered meaningful messages, established a safe
                                                                                environment in and surrounding the school, and at the same




                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                                time provided traffic safety education for students.


                                                                                Ms. Trinh Thu Ha,
                                                                                Deputy Chief of the National Traffic Committee Office, Vietnam


Our local communities update

Markets       Development                                                                       Impact

Vietnam       > Prudence Foundation renewed its partnership with AIP Foundation for a           > Average helmet-wearing rate of students across the
                second term, running from August 2021 to March 2022. The programme aims           project schools increased from 22 per cent to




                                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
                to improve road safety for the benefit of communities in Hoa Binh and Quang       76 per cent in Hoa Binh and 40 per cent to 97 per cent
                Ngai provinces in Vietnam. Our work included stakeholder engagement,              in Quang Ngai.
                workshops and training for teachers, distribution of good-quality cycle         > Students’ road safety knowledge improved from
                helmets to students, school-based education, infrastructure improvement,          36 per cent to 80 per cent in Hoa Binh and from
                communication campaigns, monitoring and evaluation.                               61 per cent to 89 per cent in Quang Ngai.
                                                                                                > Improvement in safety levels from two stars in Hoa
                                                                                                  Binh and one star in Quang Ngai to four stars in both
                                                                                                  provinces.

Cambodia > Prudence Foundation expanded its partnership with AIP Foundation in 2022
                to implement a SAFE STEPS Kids Road Safety programme in Cambodia.




                                                                                                                                                           European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Uganda        > In partnership with Uganda Red Cross and Boda Boda Association of               > Aims to train 10,000 boda boda drivers by the end of
                Kampala region, we rolled out a SAFE STEPS Road Safety campaign focusing          the first quarter of 2023.
                on motorbike boda boda drivers. The programme provides monthly training in
                road safety and first aid, and those who complete the training receive new
                international standard helmets.

Zambia        > Partnerships with Road Traffic Safety Authorities, Zambia Red Cross, Cycling    > Reaches eight million Zambians.
                Association of Zambia, Zambia Road Safety Trust and Zambia Motorsports to
                roll-out SAFE STEPS Road Safety programme, leveraging radio and digital
                media.
              > A cycling event was also hosted, to promote road safety and health and
                wellness.

Kenya         > In late 2021, Prudence Foundation, with support from Prudential Kenya,          > The media campaign reached 6.7 million viewers
                signed a partnership with Nation Media Group, one of the largest media            through TV, radio, print and social media platforms.
                groups in East Africa, to distribute SAFE STEPS Road Safety in Kenya. The
                campaign ran for 12 months.




                                                                                                                                                           Additional information
              > In 2022, Prudence Foundation has engaged Social Impact, a US-based
                research organisation, to carry out an impact evaluation of the campaign,
                which will help inform future media strategies for the programme. The report
                is expected to be completed in Q2 2023.




                                                                                                         Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   137
ESG report / continued




Safe Schools                                                                        launched globally on 12 September 2022 via an online webinar
Since 2013, Prudence Foundation, in partnership with Save the                       attended by over 400 participants, including representatives from
Children and Plan International, has been supporting the                            governments, NGOs, United Nations agencies and the private sector,
implementation of Safe Schools in our communities. The programme                    galvanizing more action and investment to ensure education is
aims to address the objectives of the Comprehensive School Safety                   resilient against all hazards and risks.
Framework (CSSF) which is supported by the Global Alliance for
Disaster Risk Reduction and Resilience in the Education Sector                      In recognition of our efforts and partnership with the Philippines’
(GADRRRES). CSSF is a global disaster risk management framework                     Department of Education, our partner, Save the Children Philippines,
that focuses on the importance of safe learning facilities, school                  was recognised as one of the United Nations Sasakawa Award
disaster management and risk reduction and resilience education.                    winners for Disaster Risk Reduction (UNDRR) in 2022.
This partnership also supports the objectives of the Sendai                         At COP27 in Egypt, the Executive Director of Prudence Foundation,
Framework for Disaster Risk Reduction.                                              presented the new CSSF 2022-2030 plan, where he shared insights on
In 2021, Prudence Foundation supported a global initiative led by                   our support of CSSF and how the framework is an effective climate
GADRRRES and Save The Children, to revise and strengthen the CSSF.                  adaptation solution to protecting education systems. Our
The revised Global Comprehensive Safe School Framework 2022-                        Comprehensive Safe Schools Ecosystem project was highlighted as
2030 is an all-hazards, all-risks approach in educating and protecting              an example of CSSF large-scale implementation in the Philippines,
children, offering governments a practical framework to make                        with the aim of garnering more support from global actors in its
significant progress across a multitude of children’s rights and the                implementation.
sustainable development agenda. The CSSF 2022-2030 was

Our local communities update

Markets        Development                                                                    Impact                          Looking forward

Philippines > Prudence Foundation partnered with Save the Children and the Philippines’         > Rapid Assessment of         > An external independent
                 Department of Education to implement the Comprehensive Safe Schools              Damages Report                impact evaluation of the
                 Ecosystem project. This includes the development of the Disaster Risk            (RADaR) was used in 17        programme is currently under
                 Reduction Management Information System (DRRMIS) designed as a digital           hazard events by more         way with the intent to share
                 platform to gather data for analysis and effective planning to reduce disaster   than 28,000 schools           evidence-based impacts and
                 risk, along with training and capacity-building for teachers and local           since its launch.             build a case study for other
                 government officials.                                                          > The programme will be         governments to reduce disaster
               > The system consists of three key components. The Rapid Assessment of             rolled out to over 47,000     risk and potentially replicate
                 Damages Report (RADaR), launched in 2021, is a tool that provides timely         schools nationwide.           this approach in other
                 and accurate reports to the Department of Education to enable efficient                                        countries.
                 recovery response and ensure minimal disruption to education. The core CSS
                 system, the second component, was launched nationwide in June 2022. And
                 the last component, a Students Watch App was rolled out in two regions,
                 allowing students to participate in the Disaster Risk Reduction planning.

Thailand       > In partnership with PLAN International, Prudence Foundation had              > The programme                 > Target to roll out Safe Schools
                 successfully developed and implemented a Safe Schools Model with a             benefited 50 schools            to 3,600 schools in 12 provinces
                 minimum standards checklist and certification scheme aligned with              directly.                       in northern Thailand from 2022
                 CSSF in Chiang Rai Province since 2013.                                                                        to 2025.
                                                                                                                              > Aim to develop and pilot a CSSF
                                                                                                                                platform to facilitate e-learning
                                                                                                                                and CSSF certifications, build
                                                                                                                                CSSF capacity for these 3,600
                                                                                                                                schools and enhance education
                                                                                                                                policies and actions to address
                                                                                                                                children and young people’s
                                                                                                                                needs on school safety.
                                                                                                                              > Goal is to have CSSF platform
                                                                                                                                ready for national scale-up
                                                                                                                                within the programme time
                                                                                                                                frame.

Cambodia       > Extended our support and partnership with PLAN International to              > The project has benefited > Continue to support the roll-out
                 Cambodia, with the overall goal that children in the most at-risk              60 schools in Stung Treng   of the Safe Schools Programme
                 communities would increase their resilience to react to disasters and          province.                   to new schools in Siem Reap
                 have a safe and secure learning environment.                                 > Provided training and       and Ratanak Kiri provinces in
                                                                                                technical support to        the new phase from 2022 to
                                                                                                sub-national educational    2025.
                                                                                                duty bearers to take on
                                                                                                roles and responsibilities
                                                                                                to ensure that schools are
                                                                                                safe for students.

Indonesia      > In 2022, Prudence Foundation expanded its partnership with PLAN                                              > We plan to launch the
                 International to implement the Safe Schools programme. In collaboration                                        programme in 2023 and aim to
                 with Ministry of Education and National Disaster Management Office, the                                        reach over 170 schools in both
                 three-year partnership will aim to equip two provinces, Yogyakarta and                                         provinces.
                 Bali, with minimum standards aligned with CSSF.

138               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                               prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                   Group overview




Early childhood development                                               Covid-19 relief fund
Prudence Foundation believes that early childhood care and                In October 2022, Prudential plc donated an additional $2 million to



                                                                                                                                                   Strategic report
development runs from birth through to eight years of age, and is         Prudence Foundation’s managed Covid-19 relief fund, to continue
critical for a child’s cognitive, social, emotional and physical          supporting our communities through the pandemic. In total,
development. To set the child on the right path for future years, it is   $6.5 million has been invested in the fund since its launch in 2020.
imperative that quality education, adequate nutrition, healthcare         Our local businesses have used the funds to support vulnerable
and protection are provided at a young age.                               communities, with activities including communications on the
                                                                          importance of hygiene and sanitation, providing nutrition, and
We work with our strategic partner, UNICEF, to implement a regional
                                                                          educational programmes.
early childhood development (ECD) programme that advances ECD
as part of the Nurturing Care Framework. With funding support from        Key initiatives are:
Prudence Foundation in 2021, UNICEF completed country rapid
                                                                          > Indonesia: A holistic Covid-19 relief programme which includes

                                                                                                                                                   Governance
assessments on Nurturing Care ECD services in four countries;
Cambodia, Indonesia, Thailand and the Philippines.                          funding to provide vaccinations for children, personal protection
                                                                            equipment and sanitation for schools, Covid test kits for high-risk
The findings from the assessments resulted in the following actions:        groups and skills training in vulnerable, hard-hit areas.
> Informed and supported the development of the regional ECD              > Malaysia: Prudential Malaysia and Eastspring Investments
  strategy, ‘Growing Steady and Strong’, which set up the vision for        partnered with local NGOs in four projects to provide food aid and
  ECD in the region. This will ensure it is relevant and appropriate to     relief to vulnerable communities in Malaysia. A total funding of
  the needs of the countries, and will ultimately result in better          $181,000 was distributed to overcome challenges caused by the
  outcomes for children and their families;                                 pandemic.
                                                                          > Uganda: Prudential Uganda is addressing mental health and food




                                                                                                                                                   Directors’ remuneration report
> We decided to continue our partnership in Indonesia to rebuild
  ECD centres which were shut during the pandemic, and to support           insecurity through a partnership with local NGO StrongMinds, to
  the integration of the Nurturing Care Framework into these                raise awareness around mental health issues brought on by the
  centres; and                                                              pandemic and provide support through free teletherapy for 1,500
                                                                            vulnerable working adults suffering from depression.
> A new ECD partnership was signed in late 2022 in Thailand to
  improve ECD outreach to children and caregivers by integrating
  and championing nurturing care as well as affordable and quality
  childcare services, and strengthen the quality of Early Childhood              Other community investment activity: Taiwan
  Education.
                                                                            In 2020, the ‘Protecting Children and Making Their Future’
Prudence Foundation also renewed its support and partnership ECD            programme was launched with the aim of engaging the public,
programmes with China Development Research Foundation (CDRF),               the government and NGOs to work together to establish a safe
which will be implemented for three years from 2021 to 2024 in              and healthy environment in which children can grow and develop.




                                                                                                                                                   Financial statements
Guizhou, China; a region with a population of 10 million. Bi Jie in         In partnership with academics and field experts from local
Guizhou is the first state-level experimental reform zone, aiming to        Taiwan universities, three white papers and a child health index
explore new development paths to accomplish poverty alleviation             with continuous tracking, which focused on children’s health,
and green development.                                                      mental health and education, were developed and published.
                                                                            The white papers aim to promote a healthy environment for
The two early childhood development programmes are:                         children and instil a healthy lifestyle when they are young, to help
> China Rural Education and Child Health (China REACH)                      build the framework for an entire lifetime of healthy habits, both
  programme: the country’s first integrated ECD programme                   physically and mentally.
  targeting children in low-income rural areas. Elements of the             In 2022, we leveraged influencers and key opinion leaders to




                                                                                                                                                   European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
  programme include nutrition and parenting interventions,                  increase awareness, generating close to 92,000 views and
  randomised controlled trials and follow-up assessments.                   reaching more than 253,000 people on social media (Facebook
> Schools Nutrition Improvement programme: aims to improve                  and YouTube). To foster and encourage innovation in the younger
  nutritional outcomes for students in rural and poverty-stricken           population, Prudential partnered with Impact Hub Taipei, a social
  areas.                                                                    NGO startup, to kick off a unique cultivation and incubation
                                                                            programme ‘Innovation for Wellbeing’ in December 2021. This
                                                                            programme, themed around health, wealth and community
                                                                            investment, has not only created a platform for young college
                                                                            students to transform their innovative ideas into reality, but also
                                                                            provided them with the resources for implementation. In 2022,
                                                                            twenty teams were selected to join the hack days, doubling the
                                                                            number of 2021 participating teams.




                                                                                                                                                   Additional information




                                                                                                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   139
ESG report / continued




Strategic Enabler: Good governance
and responsible business practices

At Prudential, the way we do business is informed by our purpose.           Supply chain management policy
This purpose applies to our entire company – from our work with             Prudential uses third-party suppliers and outsourcing providers to
customers and business partners to how we manage environmental,             allow us to focus on our core business strengths and reduce costs. We
social and governance risk. Prudential operates in a highly regulated       believe that the conduct of our suppliers reflects on us, and has the
financial marketplace where it is imperative to have strong                 potential to impact our standing, branding and reputation within the
governance processes to provide the foundation for our business             communities in which we operate.
operations and to maintain trust with our stakeholders.
                                                                            Our Group Third Party Supply and Outsourcing Policy forms part of
Our business is overseen by strong governance structures, from our          the GGM and is considered a core part of our system of governance.
Board of Directors at the highest level and throughout our Group and        The Policy specifies our position on supply chain management,
local business management structures. At all levels of the company,         setting out our approach to due diligence, selection criteria,
we recognise that managing our business responsibly is paramount,           contractual requirements, and ongoing monitoring of our supplier
and we ensure that our people are clear about the standards of              relationships. Effective implementation of this Policy will help us meet
behaviour we expect and how these inform their work.                        the expectations of our stakeholders and our legal and regulatory
                                                                            requirements.
We have clear policies and systems in place to ensure high standards
across fundamental issues such as anti-bribery and corruption,              Following an extensive review, our new Group Third Party Supply and
fighting financial crime, responsible tax practices, our expectations of    Outsourcing Policy came into effect on 1 January 2022. This Policy
our suppliers, the upholding of human rights, and supporting                has further strengthened our guiding principles for onboarding
employee rights and wellbeing.                                              suppliers responsibly, as well as requiring ongoing risk assessment and
                                                                            service monitoring to enable the sustainable supply of services
Our Governance Framework
                                                                            throughout the duration of a supplier’s relationship with Prudential.
Our Group Governance Manual (GGM) sets out our framework for
ethical business practices, governance, risk management and internal        Our new Policy also introduced responsible supplier guidelines which
control. Our Commitment to ethics and integrity is deeply embedded          include additional considerations for a supplier’s environmental,
in our values. Central to this is our Group Code of Business Conduct,       social and governance practices in addition to existing supplier
which provides a consolidated view of how we conduct our business           qualification requirements tied to their capabilities, competitiveness
and the expectations that the Board sets for itself, our employees,         and assessment of third-party risks. These additional considerations
agents, suppliers and others working on behalf of the Prudential            are applied to suppliers that are material to the Group, or those
Group, in order to ensure that we adhere to the highest professional        suppliers that operate in industries where base-skilled labour is often
and ethical standards of conduct. This code is further supported by a       employed, including cleaning services, catering, security services and
set of Group-wide principles and values that define how the Group           low-cost manufacturing, or in geographies affected by conflicts,
expects business to be conducted ethically in order to achieve its          countries with a weak rule of law and countries with a high number of
strategic objectives and purpose. The GGM contains our full suite of        migrant workers.
policies and is designed to ensure that we comply with all applicable
laws and regulations. Given its importance, the GGM is subject to           In 2022 we materially completed the Group-wide deployment of our
regular review to ensure that we continue to meet the expectations of       third-party risk assessment platform, Coupa Risk Assess, to provide a
our stakeholders, and each business must certify annual compliance          single system for the performance of supplier risk assessment and
with the requirements set out in the Manual, including the Code of          due diligence activities. This system continues to strengthen our
Conduct, Delegated Authorities and Group-wide policies.                     visibility of third-party risks such as information and technology
                                                                            security concerns, data privacy, anti-bribery and corruption and
In 2022, we invested in a refreshed Group mandatory training                business continuity and resiliency risks. Through this system we also
programme that is consistent across our Asia and Africa businesses          issue due diligence questionnaires aligned to the principles of the
and is reflective of our current structure and focus. It is mandatory for   responsible supplier guidelines, which are covered further below. To
all employees to complete the 2022 Group Code of Business Conduct           date, Coupa Risk Assess has facilitated the assessment of 1,900
– All Employee Declaration attestation to confirm that they have            suppliers across the Group which represents close to 20 per cent of all
completed all relevant e-learning and have read, understood and             our suppliers across the Group. As the deployment of this tool was
adhered to the individual obligations presented in the Group Code of        materially completed within 2022, we expect to see coverage
Business Conduct.                                                           increase in the coming years as the platform continues to be
                                                                            embedded and operationalised across our businesses, and as we
Prudential’s Annual Report and Accounts includes a comprehensive
                                                                            refresh our due diligence with suppliers on a periodic basis in line with
Governance section, which provides further information on how the
                                                                            our policies and procedures.
Governance Framework operates, the Board of Directors, the Board
committee reports, and an overview of the risk management and
internal control system.




140               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                   prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                            Group overview




Supply chain onboarding due diligence process
Our businesses conduct due diligence before engaging with and ultimately selecting a new supplier. We perform regular due diligence, review



                                                                                                                                                            Strategic report
meetings and audits where required, and our policies and procedures are supported by regular employee training exercises. All our employees are
required to complete annual mandatory training reflecting the regulatory and legal obligations of the Group. We also require our employees to
confirm compliance with the Code of Business Conduct.



  Supply chain onboarding


                                                                                   Due

                                                                                                                                                            Governance
                                 Selection                                                                       Contracting                Monitoring
                                                                                diligence



  Seek supplier    Review                 Issue RFP              Issue ESG             Due diligence           Supplier
  for a new        marketplace            and consider           questions to          on stability,           contractually
  requirement      options for            environmental          supplier via          tax, privacy,           obliged to
  or contract      reputable              impacts                Coupa Risk            IT security             meet ESG
  renewal          suppliers                                     Assess                and business            standards               > Incidents
                                                                                       resilience                                        reported




                                                                                                                                                            Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                                       as needed                                       > Whistleblowing
                                                                                                                                         to our Speak
                                                                                                                                         Out line
                                                                 Adverse                                                               > Adverse
                                                                 answers or                                                              publicity
                                                                 concerns                                                              > Negative
                                                                 escalated to                                                            news
                                                                 ESG team for                                                            (via Fiserv
                                                                 review and ‘go’                                                         system)
                                                                 or ‘stop’
                                                                 decision




                                                                                                                                                            Financial statements
Our stringent supplier onboarding measures start from the vendor                To ensure alignment of our suppliers with our ESG strategy, we use the
selection process. Rigorous due diligence checks, third-party contract          Coupa Risk Assess system to specifically target ESG-related questions
evaluation and post-onboarding monitoring activities ensure that                on suppliers that provide services in high-risk labour categories as well
controls are in place at Group and business levels. Our selection               as on suppliers that are material to our business. To assess
processes take into consideration a supplier’s track record in delivering       compliance across all our markets and as a form of control, we require
goods and services to a high standard and stable financial                      all our suppliers to undergo due diligence activities, which include
performance. We also assess suppliers’ data security control                    human trafficking, anti-money laundering and anti-bribery and




                                                                                                                                                            European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
procedures to ensure they have proper data privacy and personal                 corruption checks. Lastly, we encourage our employees, contractors
data security protection controls in place.                                     and third-party suppliers to raise any concerns they may have in
                                                                                relation to our vendor relationship via our Speak Out whistleblowing
                                                                                platform.




                                                                                                                                                            Additional information




                                                                                                        Prudential plc Annual Report 2022       141
ESG report / continued




Our responsible supplier guidelines provide further detail of our expectations:

Theme                    Summary of responsible supplier guidelines

Environmental            Given the planet’s finite resources, Prudential encourages our suppliers to build sustainable businesses by having sound
                         environmental management principles in place, and working towards reducing negative external impacts on the
                         environment within which they operate.
                         In our assessment check, we review suppliers for:
                         > Written environmental and/or sustainability policies and governance systems in place, appropriate to the size and
                           nature of their operations; and
                         > Compliance with relevant laws and legislation.

Social                   In line with Prudential’s values and standards, we expect suppliers to respect the human rights of their employees and to
                         comply with all relevant legislation, regulations and directives in the countries and communities in which they operate.
                         In the United Kingdom, we require our suppliers to pay their employees the London or United Kingdom Living Wage, as
                         set by the Greater London Authority and the Centre for Research in Social Policy respectively.
                         Key requirements include:
                         > Prohibition of forced and child labour practices;
                         > Paying legally mandated minimum wages and/or industry standards;
                         > Prohibition of any form of discrimination, harassment, bullying and other types of misconduct;
                         > Providing safe working environments and abiding by local laws and regulations;
                         > Support fair trade and ethical sourcing practices; and
                         > Promote diversity and inclusion within their operations.

Governance               We expect suppliers that we have regular and recurring dealings with to have good ethical and management governance
                         processes in place, to ensure compliance with the responsible supplier guidelines. Suppliers must make reasonable efforts
                         to monitor their supply chain, ensuring that their own suppliers are aware of, and compliant with, the aims of our
                         guidelines.



Combatting modern slavery                                                     As a result of this engagement and over the course of 2023, we are
Prudential is committed to ensuring that slavery, human trafficking,          making improvements to our policies, procedures, and increasing the
child labour and any other form of human rights abuse have no place           comprehensiveness of our risk assessment criteria for assessing
in our Group or in our supply chain of close to 10,000 suppliers              suppliers so they continue to be closely aligned with our Responsible
globally.                                                                     Supplier Guidelines. Furthermore, we will be focusing on increasing
                                                                              awareness and training for modern slavery and broader human rights
Our most recent Modern Slavery Transparency Statement, issued in              issues within our supply chain across our procurement and risk teams
May 2022, elaborated the steps we are taking to identify, monitor,            in the Group. We will also be making corresponding enhancements to
report and proactively mitigate any modern slavery risks in our supply        our Coupa Risk Assess system to ensure consistency in application
chain. Under the UK Modern Slavery Act 2015 we are not required               across all our markets.
under UK law to detail our activities in Asia or Africa, but we have
decided to provide this detail on a voluntary basis.                          No incidents of modern slavery were reported or detected in 2022.
                                                                              While our global supply chain is predominantly related to IT systems
In October 2022, we engaged The Remedy Project to review our                  and professional services and we have a limited exposure in low-cost
supplier onboarding and modern slavery due diligence risk                     labour areas, we are not complacent and maintain extra scrutiny in
assessment procedures and practices in our Vietnam market as part             selecting suppliers.
of gathering any additional lessons we could deploy in order to
enhance the effectiveness of our onboarding procedures in                     For more information around how we are identifying and managing
identifying and mitigating modern slavery risks universally across all        our risks in relation to modern slavery, human trafficking, child and
our markets in Asia and Africa. Vietnam was identified as an ideal            forced labour, please read our most recent Modern Slavery Statement
market for this review as this represented a sizable and mature               on the Prudential plc website (https://www.prudentialplc.com/~/
business operating in a region where modern slavery related risks are         media/Files/P/Prudential-V13/policies-and-statements/modern-
relatively more prevalent. The engagement with Remedy Project                 slavery-statement-2021.pdf).
included a review of our policies and procedures, comparing
Prudential’s best practices to those of other pan-Asian insurers and
identifying documentation and training improvements.




142               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                 prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                         Group overview




Responsible tax strategy practices                                          We actively monitor developments in the tax transparency agenda.
Prudential believes that maintaining a fair and transparent approach        The Tax Strategy Report published in May 2022 was expanded to



                                                                                                                                                         Strategic report
to tax management is critical to conducting a responsible business in       include an overview of our key Asian markets. In each of the key
the communities where we operate.                                           jurisdictions in which we operate, additional disclosures were made
                                                                            on the amount of tax remitted, the type of tax, the relevant effective
Our tax strategy considers a range of different stakeholders, and is        tax rate and an explanation of the rate.
supported by the Group Tax Risk Policy, which sets out the standards
for managing and reporting a broad range of tax risks across the            Our updated Tax Strategy Report, which will include information on
Group. Our Group Tax Risk Policy is reviewed annually to ensure it          the tax we paid in 2022, how we manage our tax affairs and the
reflects evolving risk management practices and the expectations of         governance and management of tax risk, will be published by 31 May
relevant stakeholders.                                                      2023. Information on our tax charge and effective tax rate can be
                                                                            found on pages 306 to 308 (note B3).
We strive to be a responsible and compliant taxpayer through

                                                                                                                                                         Governance
consistent implementation of our tax strategy amid rapidly changing         Fighting financial crime – bribery, money laundering and fraud
domestic tax laws and international tax standards. We understand            As a financial services provider with a significant international
the importance of paying the right amount of tax on time in all the         presence, Prudential is, like its peers, exposed to financial crime risks.
markets in which we operate. We manage our tax affairs in a                 These risks include sanctions, money laundering, terrorist financing,
transparent, responsible and sustainable manner and seek to build           fraud, bribery, and corruption. Prudential’s global financial crime risk
constructive relationships with tax authorities in all our jurisdictions.   management approach has been developed to prevent, detect and
                                                                            respond to these risks. We conduct periodic risk assessments with all
In 2022, we made a total tax contribution of $1,009 million (2021:          our businesses to identify and evaluate these risks and subsequently
$1,071 million), demonstrating our commitment to paying the right           develop proportionate measures to mitigate them. The effectiveness




                                                                                                                                                         Directors’ remuneration report
amount of tax and thus helping to contribute to the health and              of these measures is overseen through ongoing monitoring and
development of the communities in which we operate.                         enhancement of the control environment at a local level. Our progress
Our Tax Strategy Report is published annually and provides further          in tackling these risks and our overall performance in effectively
information on how we meet this commitment, through disclosures             managing financial crime risk is overseen by the Group Risk
demonstrating the clear link between our business footprint and our         Committee.
tax footprint. The Tax Strategy Report published in May 2022 marked         Prudential recognises that any involvement in any financial crime will
the tenth year in which Prudential provided information on its tax          undermine our financial integrity and reliability, and will reflect
payments, and showed that over $8 billion of total tax payments             adversely on our image and reputation. Throughout 2022 we
were made in the communities where we continue to operate                   continued to enhance our anti-bribery and corruption control
between 2012 and 2021.                                                      framework. In collaboration with our businesses, we reviewed and
In delivering our tax strategy through our day-to-day operations, we        re-communicated our policy and standards. We have also
                                                                            strengthened our anti-bribery and corruption risk assessment




                                                                                                                                                         Financial statements
follow a set of guiding principles:
                                                                            methodology, allowing us to identify and track risks in a more
> We act responsibly and with integrity in all of our tax matters;          consistent and informed fashion across the jurisdictions in which we
> We seek to comply fully with all our tax obligations, including           operate.
  paying the right amount of tax in each jurisdiction;
> We apply rigorous management over tax uncertainties and risk              Our Anti-Bribery and Corruption standards include a commitment to
  through our Group Code of Business Conduct, Group Governance              fostering a culture in which bribery is never acceptable. This
  Manual and Group Tax Risk Policy;                                         commitment applies to all our staff, business partners and vendors,
                                                                            wherever they are based. We encourage our employees to be vigilant,
> Where the tax treatment of a particular transaction or activity is
                                                                            and to ensure sensitive information is treated appropriately and
  unclear, we will follow the generally understood interpretation of
                                                                            professionally. We encourage employees to report any suspicion of




                                                                                                                                                         European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
  tax law, which means the common view across the informed tax
                                                                            bribery by providing them with suitable channels of communication,
  community of how the tax laws and regulations are interpreted
                                                                            and we conduct training for employees so that they can recognise
  and applied;
                                                                            and prevent bribery.
> We deal with tax authorities in an open and constructive manner;
  and                                                                       Under our Corporate Political Engagement and Political Donations
> We provide transparent disclosure of our tax affairs to better inform     Policy, political contributions and facilitation payments are not
  our stakeholders on the amount and type of taxes we pay and our           allowed.
  tax governance processes.




                                                                                                                                                         Additional information




                                                                                                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    143
ESG report / continued




Our Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Sanctions Policy outlines the          Whistleblowing
framework and requirements for our businesses to deter the use of          We want our people to feel safe and confident to speak out openly,
the Group’s products and services by money launderers, terrorist           and to raise concerns about actions and behaviours that go against
organisations, sanctioned individuals and organisations, and other         Prudential’s values and principles, or breach regulations or policies.
criminals. This policy includes detailed standards which were              Our Group Speak Out Policy sets out our framework and controls
holistically refreshed in 2022, and contain governance and control         relating to whistleblowing. Our employees are encouraged to raise
requirements designed to ensure our full compliance with national          any concerns through their managers, human resources or our
and international directives concerning the fight against money            Group-wide whistleblowing programme, Speak Out.
laundering and terrorism financing. These requirements include
having appropriate processes, systems and controls for risk                Speak Out, is a third-party managed, dedicated channel designed to
identification and assessment; conducting due diligence; screening of      receive all manner of concerns, including those relating to any
customers, third parties and investments against applicable                violation of human or labour rights, or unethical behaviour within the
sanctions and watchlists; ongoing monitoring; and suspicious activity      Group. This platform can be accessed both internally and externally
reporting. The policy requirements form part of the Group                  by all our stakeholders in multiple languages. Speak Out provides a
Governance Framework and businesses are required to attest their           range of reporting channels including web, a telephone hotline and a
compliance every year.                                                     mobile app, as well as post, email and in-person. Reporters are able to
                                                                           log concerns – anonymously, if they prefer – on a range of issues such
During 2022, we enhanced our name screening and transaction                as anti-bribery and corruption, compliance breaches, discrimination,
monitoring system effectiveness through initiatives to improve the         harassment, health and safety or any concerns about behaviour and
quality of data processed and system-generated alerts. In October          conduct that is not in keeping with our values and business ethics.
2022, Myanmar was added to the Financial Action Task Force (FATF)
list of High-Risk Jurisdictions subject to enhanced due diligence          Concerns are received by an independent third party and then
measures, and in response, we have further strengthened our                managed by an internal team, independent of the business. These
risk-based enhanced due diligence framework. Our financial crime           concerns are then investigated by appropriately trained and skilled
team remains committed to professional development and regularly           investigators. On an annual basis, all employees are required to
participates in industry conferences and seminars across Asia.             complete a computer-based training module on Speak Out. The
                                                                           programme is also supported by regular communications containing
In addition to training all new joiners on AML and sanctions, annual       useful resources.
refresher training is mandatory for all staff, to ensure their awareness
of the applicable regulatory and Group policy requirements and their       The Speak Out programme is overseen by the Group Audit
roles, responsibilities and obligations. Heightened geopolitical           Committee, and local business audit committees through quarterly
tensions continued in 2022, and the conflict in Ukraine triggered          and annual reporting. Operational oversight is exercised by the Group
financial sanctions on Russia and various Russian entities and             Chief Security Officer through the Investigations Advisory Committee
individuals. While Prudential does not operate in either Russia or         which reports to the Group Chief Risk & Compliance Officer who
Ukraine, we continue to comply with international sanctions                chairs the Investigations Risk Committee. These committees have
requirements by monitoring sanctions developments and                      access to analysis of case trends, root cause, and an annual
geopolitical changes closely. To mitigate the risk of undertaking          assessment of the effectiveness of the Speak Out programme which
business with individuals and entities on the lists of international       is benchmarked externally. Any material issues are reported to the
sanctions regimes, we conduct risk assessments on all our businesses       Board.
to identify, understand and assess the risks; prohibit or restrict         The annual external benchmark is independently conducted by an
business activity in high sanctions risk countries and regions; and        external third party and an overall score is applied based on an
conduct regular screening of our customers, business partners and          aggregate of the three scored elements: Governance (which
vendors.                                                                   considers the structure and oversight of the programme),
                                                                           Engagement (how well staff are trained and engaged), and
                                                                           Operations (practical effectiveness of the programme). The 2022
                                                                           overall score for Speak Out is 86 per cent, an improvement of five
                                                                           percentage points from 2021, and higher than industry benchmark of
                                                                           70 per cent. Scores for the three elements are: Governance:
                                                                           95 per cent; Engagement: 69 per cent; Operations: 92 per cent.




144               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                 prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                  Group overview




The greatest volume of reported issues remains those related to           Our policy and standards are aligned with the international standard
conduct matters, and breaches in Group policies. Reported concerns        ISO 45001:2018 occupational health and safety. This alignment



                                                                                                                                                  Strategic report
to Speak Out have risen in 2022 by 1 per cent compared with 2021.         ensures:
All reports were investigated with one in three being substantiated.
                                                                          > A risk-based approach to health and safety management;
In June and July 2022, a Group-wide, multi-language Speak Out             > Compliance with current legislation worldwide;
communications campaign reinforced key messages around                    > That risks are identified, assessed and controlled; and
confidentiality, zero tolerance to retaliation, and reassurance that      > That our programmes adapt, improve, and tackle changing
action would be taken in response to reported concerns. The                 workplace risks and contexts.
campaign, which was jointly led by the Group Chief Risk and
Compliance Officer and the Chair of the Group Audit Committee,            These measures improve our reputation as a safe place to work, raise
included high-profile external speakers, and coincided with World         employee morale and help us meet our strategic and business


                                                                                                                                                  Governance
Whistleblower Day.                                                        objectives.
Responsible working practices and health and safety procedures            In 2022, following the easing of Covid-19 pandemic restrictions,
We recognise the importance of health, safety and wellbeing in            Prudential’s health and safety priority shifted to hybrid working and
fulfilling our Purpose of helping people get the most out of life. We     improving mental, physical and neurodiversity health. To further help
believe in creating a safe workplace by protecting our employees          our colleagues connect, grow and succeed, we designed and aligned
from physical and mental health risks as well as promoting a healthy      our programmes with the Diversity & Inclusion strategy in
work-life balance.                                                        collaboration with local businesses and corporate property teams, to
                                                                          ensure that appropriate controls are implemented, and reasonable
The Group Resilience Policy and its health and safety standards           accommodations are made. Our colleagues can access information




                                                                                                                                                  Directors’ remuneration report
provide a framework for our local businesses to establish, implement      concerning health and safety best practice, news, support and advice
and maintain comprehensive health and safety measures that                on our intranet, and through our 24-hour Employee Assistance
prevent work-related physical injury and mental illness. The Group        Programme offered by an external provider.
Chief Security Officer has overall responsibility for the Group health
and safety programme, which is coordinated by the Group Security          More information on our approach to employee wellbeing is available
and Resilience team. Health and safety representatives in our local       in the ‘Building social capital’ section.
businesses are responsible for implementing and managing the
programme and measures on a daily basis, and for reporting progress
in quarterly management information reports and annual
attestations. The Group Security and Resilience team consolidates
the data from local businesses and reports findings to the Group
Chief Security Officer, cross-functional working groups, and ultimately
the Group Risk Committee.




                                                                                                                                                  Financial statements




                                                                                                                                                  European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                                  Additional information




                                                                                                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   145
ESG report / continued




Reference tables

Hong Kong Stock Exchange requirements
HKEX KPI Requirement                    Indicator     Disclosure

Environmental

Information on: (a) the policies;       A1            Our Group Environment Policy applies to our operational properties worldwide, guiding our
and (b) compliance with relevant                      approach to the management of the direct impacts of our businesses.
laws and regulations that have a
significant impact on the issuer                      In 2022, there were no confirmed instances of non-compliance in relation to such laws and
relating to air and greenhouse gas                    regulations that would have a significant impact on the Group.
emissions, discharges into water
and land, and generation of
hazardous and non-hazardous
waste.

The types of emissions and              A1.1,         Prudential provides full reporting for Scope 1 and 2 emissions and selected Scope 3 reporting.
respective emissions data.              A1.2          More information is provided in the ‘Group emissions data’ section on page 103.
Direct (Scope 1) and energy                                                                                                         2022             2021
indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas                     Direct Scope 1 emissions (tCO2e)                                             1,645           1,481
emissions (in tonnes) and, where                      Direct Scope 1 Emissions (tCO2e /FTE)                                         0.11            0.10
appropriate, intensity.                               Direct Scope 1 Emissions (kgCO2e /m2)                                         4.78            4.02
                                                      Direct Scope 2 (market based) Emissions (tCO2e)                             16,938          19,986
                                                      Direct Scope 2 (market based) Emissions (tCO2e /FTE)                          1.11            1.37
                                                      Direct Scope 2 (market based) Emissions (kgCO2e /m2)                         49.23           54.21

Total hazardous waste produced          A1.3          As a life insurer, the production of hazardous waste is not applicable to our operations.
(in tonnes) and, where
appropriate, intensity.

Total non-hazardous waste               A1.4                                                                                        2022             2021
produced (in tonnes) and, where                       Total non-hazardous waste produced (tonnes)                                   357              222
appropriate, intensity.                               Total non-hazardous waste produced (tonnes/FTE)                               0.02             0.02

                                                      Waste associated with our operations includes office waste and limited food waste from
                                                      canteens. As we occupy leased assets and smaller offices, waste is commonly controlled by the
                                                      landlord or the municipal government via direct roadside collection. It therefore it is not always
                                                      possible to obtain waste data. We continue to work with our landlords in all the areas in which we
                                                      operate to enhance the coverage of our reporting. During 2022, we increased the scope of
                                                      reporting of waste data to cover 82 per cent of our occupied floor area.

Description of emissions target(s)      A1.5          We have set a target to become carbon neutral across our Scope 1 and 2 (market-based)
set and steps taken to achieve                        emissions by the end of 2030. We aim to deliver a 25 per cent reduction per full time employee
them.                                                 (FTE) in our operational emissions from a 2016 baseline, then abating the remaining emissions
                                                      via carbon offsetting initiatives. To date the steps we have taken are:
                                                      > Carrying out site assessments for the highest consuming assets in our portfolio to identify
                                                        measures to reduce our carbon intensity.
                                                      > Issuing our local businesses with tailored environmental roadmaps, which are updated on an
                                                        annual basis and detail existing Scope 1 and 2 emissions, 2030 targets, and actions required
                                                        to meet these goals.
                                                      > Actively examining how we can procure renewable power for our office operations for certain
                                                        markets.
                                                      To date, we are ahead of the emissions reduction trajectory required to meet our target. More
                                                      information is available on page 91.
                                                      We have also set a target to reduce the carbon emissions of our portfolio of shareholder and
                                                      policyholder assets by 25 per cent by 2025. Our ambition is that the assets we hold on behalf of
                                                      our insurance companies will be ‘net zero’ by 2050. During 2022 we reduced the WACI of our
                                                      portfolio by 43 per cent against the 2019 baseline. More information is available on page 91.




146               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                        prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                         Group overview




HKEX KPI Requirement                   Indicator   Disclosure

Description of how hazardous           A1.6        Non-hazardous waste is sorted in our offices and where possible recycled. The waste generated


                                                                                                                                                         Strategic report
and non-hazardous wastes are                       by our operations is managed by the landlord of the premises we occupy and therefore we are
handled, and a description of                      restricted in materials we can recycle by their operations.
reduction target(s) set and steps
taken to achieve them.                             The waste we produce is not material to the overall environmental impact of our operations and
                                                   as such, we do not currently have any targets in place to reduce the waste associated with our
                                                   operations. We continue to encourage waste reduction across our operations and we have
                                                   implemented initiatives such as providing staff with reusable cups and lunchboxes to reduce
                                                   consumption of single use plastic.
                                                   As a life insurer the production of hazardous waste is not applicable to our operations.

                                                                                                                                                         Governance
Policies on the efficient use          A2          Our Group Environment Policy applies to our operational properties worldwide, guiding our
of resources, including energy,                    approach to the management of the direct impacts of our businesses.
water and other raw materials.

Direct and/or indirect energy          A2.1                                                                                          2022         2021
consumption by type in total                       Total Consumption (kWh)                                                   41,200,175     42,131,700
(kWh in ’000s) and intensity.                      kWh/FTE                                                                     2,688.60       2,891.48




                                                                                                                                                         Directors’ remuneration report
                                                   More information is available in the SECR report on page 168.

Water consumption in total             A2.2                                                                                          2022         2021
and intensity.                                     Total water withdrawal (m )
                                                                             3
                                                                                                                             163,720.17     123,025.82
                                                   Total water withdrawal (m3/m2)                                                  0.48           0.33

                                                   We are not currently able to report the water consumption of all our assets as some sites do not
                                                   have water submetering or water is charged as part of the service charge.
                                                   During 2022, we increased the scope of reporting of water data to cover 79 per cent of our
                                                   occupied floor area.




                                                                                                                                                         Financial statements
Description of energy use              A2.3        We do not have explicit energy efficiency targets in place. However, 91 per cent of our Scope 1
efficiency target(s) set and                       and 2 carbon emissions are from the use of electricity. Thus, to achieve our carbon reduction
steps taken to achieve them.                       targets the implementation of energy efficiency measures are key.
                                                   We have carried out site assessments across our asset portfolio and identified measures to
                                                   reduce our impact. We have in turn developed roadmaps for our businesses with measures to
                                                   implement to generate energy savings. We will continue to carry out these assessments and
                                                   identify savings opportunities to reduce our energy consumption.

Description of whether there is        A2.4        As a life insurer with office-based operations, water consumption and water efficiency are not




                                                                                                                                                         European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
any issue in sourcing water that                   material to our business.
is fit for purpose, water efficiency
target(s) set and steps taken to                   Currently, we do not have any targets in place to reduce the water used in our operations.
achieve them.

Total packaging material used for      A2.5        As a life insurer, the use of packaging material is not applicable to our business.
finished products (in tonnes) and,
if applicable, with reference to per
unit produced.

Policies on minimising the issuer’s    A3          Our Group Environment Policy applies to our operational properties worldwide, guiding our
significant impact on the                          approach to the management of the direct impacts of our businesses.
environment and natural
resources.

Description of the significant         A3.1        The most significant impact of our activities on the environment is through our investment
impacts of activities on the                       portfolio. More information about how we are reducing the weighted average carbon intensity
environment and natural                            footprint of our investment portfolio is available on page 91. More information is available in the




                                                                                                                                                         Additional information
resources and the actions taken                    Responsible investment section on page 122.
to manage them.




                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    147
ESG report / continued




HKEX KPI Requirement                    Indicator     Disclosure

Policies on identification and          A4            More information is available in the Identifying and assessing climate-related risks section
mitigation of significant climate-                    on page 96.
related issues which have
impacted, and those which may
impact, the issuer.

Description of the significant          A4.1          Different scenarios, including below 2°C scenarios, have different potential impacts on our
climate-related issues which have                     businesses, strategy, and financial planning, as described in the Climate-related scenario testing
impacted, and those which may                         section starting on page 98.
impact, the issuer, and the actions
taken to manage them.                                 We have identified short-, medium- and long-term climate-related issues as described in the
                                                      Time horizons for climate section starting on page 96. We have taken actions, including
                                                      integrating our processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks into our
                                                      overall risk management, as described in the Identifying, assessing, managing and responding
                                                      to climate-related risks section on page 96.
                                                      We also identified climate-related opportunities, as described in the Identifying climate-related
                                                      opportunities section on page 94.




148               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                      prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                   Group overview




HKEX KPI Requirement                              Indicator   Disclosure

Social


                                                                                                                                                                   Strategic report
Information on: (a) the policies;                 B1          Prudential’s policies protect our employees by formalising its responsibilities and those of
and (b) compliance with relevant                              everyone in the organisation. More information on the following policies is available on page
laws and regulations that have a                              164:
significant impact on the issuer
relating to compensation and                                  > Discrimination and Harassment Policy
dismissal, recruitment and                                    > Diversity and Inclusion Policy
promotion, working hours, rest                                > Employee Relations Policy
periods, equal opportunity,                                   > Recruitment Policy

                                                                                                                                                                   Governance
diversity, anti-discrimination, and                           > Remuneration Policy
other benefits and welfare.                                   > Talent Policy
                                                              In 2022, there were no confirmed instances of non-compliance in relation to such laws and
                                                              regulations that would have a significant impact on the Group.

Total workforce by gender,                        B1.1          Total workforce by gender                         Total workforce by employment type
employment type, age group
and geographical region.                                                                      6,299.3                                                   14,671.6
                                                                           Male                                       Full time




                                                                                                                                                                   Directors’ remuneration report
Note: The 2021 balances have been restated to                                                5,911.6                                                   13,854.8
reflect the consistent treatment of local sales
agents in our Africa markets who are not                                                           8,363.4                        9.1
permanent employees.                                                  Female                                         Part time
                                                                                                   7,946.1                        13.9
                                                                                  18.0
                                                                 Unspecified
                                                                                  11.0



                                                                Total workforce by age group                      Total workforce by region

                                                                                         2,880.9                                                       13,399.7
                                                                    Below 30                                              Asia




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial statements
                                                                                         2,715.4                                                      12,574.5
                                                                                                       10,535.4                     1,126.0
                                                                       30–50                                             Africa
                                                                                                      10,030.2                     1,075.0
                                                                                   1,230.4                                        155.0
                                                                    Above 50                                      Europe & USA
                                                                                   1,092.1                                        219.2
                                                                                  34.0
                                                                 Unspecified
                                                                                  31.0




                                                                                                                                                                   European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                                     2022          2021




                                                                                                                                                                   Additional information




                                                                                                                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    149
ESG report / continued




HKEX KPI Requirement                                   Indicator   Disclosure

Employee turnover rate by gender, B1.2                               Employee turnover rate by gender                   Employee turnover rate by age group
age group and geographical region.
Note: These numbers are representative of the                                                   24%                                                   38%
total turnover including our call centre staff. We                                  Male                                       Below 30
also have a second category for total turnover
                                                                                                26%                                                   38%
excluding call centre staff and this can be found in
                                                                                                21%                                            19%
the section on ‘Building social capital’.                                        Female                                             30–50
                                                                                                23%                                            19%
                                                                                                                                                20%
                                                                                                                               Above 50
                                                                                                                                              16%



                                                                     Employee turnover rate by region

                                                                                                22%
                                                                                     Asia
                                                                                                24%

                                                                                                      56%
                                                                       Europe and USA
                                                                                                22%
                                                                                                23%
                                                                      Overall (ex. Africa)
                                                                                                24%


                                                                          2022           2021


Information on: (a) the policies;                      B2          The Group Resilience Policy and its Health and Safety Standards set the governance framework
and (b) compliance with relevant                                   for our local businesses to establish, implement and maintain comprehensive health and safety
laws and regulations that have a                                   measures that are focused on the physical and mental health and wellbeing of our employees,
significant impact on the issuer                                   contractors, visitors, and others who may be affected by our operations.
relating to providing a safe
working environment and                                            Our policy and operational standards are aligned with the global ISO 45001:2018 standards
protecting employees from                                          and include prescriptive minimum requirements for health and safety governance, legal
occupational hazards.                                              requirements and programme framework.

Number and rate of work-related                        B2.1        There were no work-related fatalities in the reporting year (2021: nil; 2020: nil).
fatalities occurred in each of the
past three years including the
reporting year.

Lost days due to work injury.                          B2.2        30 incidents resulting in 43 days lost to work-related injury.

Description of occupational health B2.3                            Occupational health and safety measures employ a framework and methodology based on
and safety measures adopted,                                       ISO 45001 using predictive and reactive management tools that are centrally coordinated and
and how they are implemented                                       locally executed. The measures are implemented and monitored using:
and monitored.
                                                                   > Defined policies, roles, responsibilities, and governance frameworks;
                                                                   > Legal registers to ensure compliance with relevant laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and
                                                                     codes issued by relevant regulators; and standards and codes issued by industry bodies where
                                                                     appropriate;
                                                                   > A comprehensive and sound risk management and internal control systems to identify,
                                                                     quantify, prevent and reduce risk faced by our people and the business;
                                                                   > Incident reporting and investigation protocols;
                                                                   > Programmes for managing third party risks in the procurement of equipment and provision
                                                                     of services;
                                                                   > Provision of appropriate information, instruction, and training;
                                                                   > Employee communication and consultation mechanisms;
                                                                   > Workplace welfare and wellbeing facilities and programmes; and
                                                                   > Mechanisms for monitoring, reviewing, reporting and improving performance.

Policies on improving employees’                       B3          Our Performance and Learning Policy sets out the importance of our people and frames how we
knowledge and skills for                                           invest in their development to deliver against our strategy and the future success of the
discharging duties at work.                                        organisation. This includes our Performance Management Framework.
Description of training activities.
                                                                   More information is available in the Learning section on page 112.


150                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                  prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                 Group overview




HKEX KPI Requirement                               Indicator   Disclosure

The percentage of employees                        B3.1          Percentage of employees trained                         Percentage of employees trained by


                                                                                                                                                                                 Strategic report
trained by gender and employee                                   by gender                                               employee category
category
                                                                                                             96%                                                       96%
                                                                            Male                                         Rank and file
                                                                                                                 97%                                                   96%
                                                                                                             96%                                                       93%
                                                                        Female                                            Middle level
                                                                                                             97%                                                       99%

                                                                                                     65%                                                               95%


                                                                                                                                                                                 Governance
                                                                  Unspecified                                                Top level
                                                                                              45%                                                                      99%


                                                                       2022        2021


The average training hours                         B3.2          Average training hours completed per                    Average training hours completed per
completed per employee by                                        employee by gender                                      employee by employee category
gender and employee category.




                                                                                                                                                                                 Directors’ remuneration report
Note: The total training hours per employee is                                                                   16.04                                                   16.06
likely to far exceed this as the number of hours                            Male                                         Rank and file
that employees take to complete their                                                                11.22                                                       12.63
non-mandatory training courses are not wholly
                                                                                                             15.58                                           9.91
captured in our system.
                                                                        Female                                            Middle level
                                                                                                         12.44                                            9.19

                                                                                                  8.43                                                         11.54
                                                                   Unspecified                                               Top level
                                                                                           5.65                                                    6.09


                                                                       2022        2021


Information on: (a) the policies;                  B4          We are committed to ensuring that slavery, human trafficking, child labour or any other abuse of




                                                                                                                                                                                 Financial statements
and (b) compliance with relevant                               human rights has no place in our organisation or supply chain.
laws and regulations that have a
significant impact on the issuer                               The nature of our business means that main risk would be in our supply chain. More information
relating to preventing child and                               is available in the Modern slavery section on page 142.
forced labour.                                                 In 2022, there were no confirmed instances of non-compliance in relation to such laws and
                                                               regulations that would have a significant impact on the Group.

Description of measures to review                  B4.1,       We believe in supporting human rights and acting responsibly and with integrity in everything
employment practices to avoid                      B4.2        we do. Our Group Governance Human Resources Policies are guided by the principles of the
child and forced labour.                                       Universal Declaration of Human Rights and of the International Labour Organization’s core




                                                                                                                                                                                 European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                               labour standards. These are also reflected within our Group Code of Business Conduct, which
Description of steps taken to                                  sets out the Group’s values and expected standards of behaviour for all employees, and in our
eliminate such practices when                                  Group Third Party Supply and Outsourcing Policy which describes how we work with suppliers.
discovered.
                                                               The nature of our business means that main risk would be in our supply chain. More information
                                                               is available in the Modern slavery section on page 142.

Policies on managing                               B5          Our Group Code of Business Conduct outlines the values and standards that are required by
environmental and social risks of                              each of our suppliers. Our Group Third Party Supply and Outsourcing Policy is core to our supply
the supply chain.                                              chain governance and our responsible supplier guidelines cover a range of ESG topics. More
                                                               information is available in the Supply chain section on page 140.

Number of suppliers by                             B5.1        Asia                       7,362
geographical region.                                           Africa                     2,103
                                                               Europe                       485
                                                               Total                      9,950




                                                                                                                                                                                 Additional information




                                                                                                                         Prudential plc Annual Report 2022          151
ESG report / continued




HKEX KPI Requirement                    Indicator     Disclosure

Description of practices relating to    B5.2          In 2022 we materially completed the Group-wide deployment of our third-party risk assessment
engaging suppliers, number of                         platform, Coupa Risk Assess, to provide a single system for the performance of supplier risk
suppliers where the practices are                     assessment and due diligence activities. This system continues to strengthen our visibility of
being implemented, and how they                       third-party risks such as information and technology security concerns, data privacy, anti-
are implemented and monitored.                        bribery and corruption and business continuity and resiliency risks. Through this system we also
                                                      issue due diligence questionnaires aligned to the principles of the responsible supplier
                                                      guidelines.
                                                      More information is available in the Supply chain due diligence section on page 141.

Description of practices used to        B5.3          More information is available in the Supply chain due diligence section on page 141 and the
identify environmental and social                     Modern slavery section on page 142.
risks along the supply chain, and
how they are implemented and
monitored.

Description of practices used to        B5.4          In line with the Group-wide Third Party Supply and Outsourcing Policy, we have introduced
promote environmentally                               responsible supplier guidelines. Our responsible supplier guidelines cover a range of ESG topics.
preferable products and services                      More information is available in the Supply chain section on page 140.
when selecting suppliers, and how
they are implemented and
monitored.

Information on: (a) the policies;       B6            Our Customer Conduct Risk Policy includes our Customer Conduct Standards and sets out the
and (b) compliance with relevant                      core values and standards that the Group expects all employees and persons acting on behalf
laws and regulations that have a                      of it to observe. More information is available in the Customers section on page 85.
significant impact on the issuer
relating to health and safety,                        Our Group Data Policy defines how we should manage data throughout its life cycle and employ
advertising, labelling and privacy                    the technology best suited for the business use cases. More information is available on page
matters relating to products and                      118.
services provided and methods of                      Our Privacy Policy governs the protection of data and complies with the General Data Protection
redress.                                              Regulation. More information is available on page 119.

Percentage of total products sold       B6.1          As a life insurer, this is not applicable to our business.
or shipped subject to recalls for
safety and health reasons.

Number of products and service          B6.2          37,589 (2021: 42,038).
related complaints received and
how they are dealt with.                              In 2022, complaints per 1,000 policies have remained broadly flat at 2 (2021: 2 complaints
                                                      per 1,000 policies in force).
                                                      More information on how we deal with customer complaints is available on page 89.

Description of practices relating to    B6.3          Prudential’s brands, being the Prudential and Eastspring names and the Face of Prudence,
observing and protecting                              are considered as our intellectual property. These are protected by a comprehensive process
intellectual property rights.                         to maintain registered trademarks in the brand across all of the markets in which we operate.
                                                      This is supported by a brand Co-existence Agreement with Prudential Financial and M&G plc.
                                                      Where we see infringements of our brand, we take active steps to enforce our rights against
                                                      third parties.




152               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                      prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                          Group overview




HKEX KPI Requirement                     Indicator   Disclosure

Description of quality assurance         B6.4        A description of our quality assurance procedures is available in the Customers section


                                                                                                                                                          Strategic report
process and recall procedures.                       on page 86.
                                                     As a life insurer, product recall procedures are not relevant to our business.

Description of consumer data             B6.5        Our Group Data Policy defines how we should manage data throughout its lifecycle and
protection and privacy policies,                     employ the technology best suited for the business use cases. More information is available
and how they are implemented                         on page 118.
and monitored.
                                                     Our Privacy Policy governs the protection of data and complies with the General Data Protection
                                                     Regulation. More information is available on page 119.

                                                                                                                                                          Governance
                                                     Our Information Security Policy supports our resilient information security programme across
                                                     the organisation and our commitment to protecting the data entrusted to us by customers.

Information on: (a) the policies;        B7          More information on the following policies is available on page 166:
and (b) compliance with relevant
laws and regulations that have a                     > Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy
significant impact on the issuer                     > Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions Policy
relating to bribery, extortion, fraud                > Group Escalation Policy
and money laundering.                                > Group Counter Fraud Policy




                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ remuneration report
                                                     In 2022, there were no confirmed instances of non-compliance in relation to such laws and
                                                     regulations that would have a significant impact on the Group.

Number of concluded legal cases     B7.1             Nil (2021: Nil).
regarding corrupt practices brought
against the issuer or its employees
during the reporting period and the
outcomes of the cases.

Description of preventive                B7.2        More information is available in the Whistleblowing section on page 144.
measures and whistle-blowing
procedures, and how they are




                                                                                                                                                          Financial statements
implemented and monitored.

Description of anti-corruption           B7.3        We provide training to our staff to ensure that they are familiar with international standards and
training provided to directors and                   best practice, as well as being well equipped to implement our policies in their respective
staff.                                               markets. Training completion levels are monitored throughout the year.

Policies on community                    B8          Our Community Investment Policy covers how we are committed to working with the
engagement to understand the                         communities in which we operate as active and supportive members. It also outlines our
needs of the communities where                       strategy for investing in the community and how we make investments and report against
the issuer operates and to ensure                    them.




                                                                                                                                                          European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
its activities take into consideration
the communities’ interests.




                                                                                                                                                          Additional information




                                                                                                         Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   153
ESG report / continued




HKEX KPI Requirement                    Indicator     Disclosure

Focus areas of contribution.            B8.1            Total cash contribution by area of focus %

                                                                      Education
                                                                                                                                      52%
                                                                                                                                     51%
                                                                                                                         39%
                                                             Social and welfare
                                                                                                                 31%

                                                                   Environment
                                                                                    0%†
                                                                                     2%

                                                                        Cultural    0%†
                                                                                    0%

                                                                           Other     1%
                                                                                     1%

                                                              Emergency relief         4%
                                                                                         7%

                                                                         Health
                                                                                      3%
                                                                                           7%
                                                                                    0%
                                                        Economic development
                                                                                     1%

                                                                                    0%†
                                                                   Payroll giving
                                                                                    0%

                                                                                0%                20%                 40%                 60%                80%                100%

                                                        †     While each rounds to 0% on an individual line basis, the sum of environment, cultural, and payroll giving contributes
                                                              to 1% in total.



                                                        Total cash contribution by region %


                                                                            Asia
                                                                                                                                                                              95%
                                                                                                                                                                            91%

                                                               United Kingdom
                                                                                      3%
                                                                                       5%
                                                                          Africa     2%
                                                                                      4%
                                                                                0%                20%                 40%                 60%                80%                100%


                                                             2022           2021 (restated)


Resources contributed to the            B8.2          In 2022, in our continuous effort to improve our data disclosures, we made some changes
focus area.                                           to our reporting process. In 2021, we reported only on cash donations made to charitable
                                                      organisations. From 2022, to reflect fully our actual community investment commitment, we are
                                                      reporting broader spend related to our community initiatives, including spend with non-profit
                                                      organisations, NGOs, social enterprises and other third-party suppliers. In 2022, the Group spent
                                                      $12.2 million on our community investment programmes (2021 (restated): $9.9 million).
                                                      More information is available in the Community Investment section on page 134.




154               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                  prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                Group overview




SASB Insurance Standard


                                                                                                                                                Strategic report
SASB Topic                        Accounting metric             Code           Disclosure

Transparent Information           Total amount of monetary      FN-IN-270a.1   $0.2m (2021: nil).
and Fair Advice for Customers.    losses as a result of legal
                                  proceedings associated
                                  with marketing and
                                  communication of
                                  insurance product-related
                                  information to new and
                                  returning customer.


                                                                                                                                                Governance
                                  Complaints-to-claims ratio.   FN-IN-270a.2   Total number of complaints received/total claims raised x
                                                                               1,000 = 17 (2021: 25).
                                                                               Prudential believes that this metric is less applicable to the
                                                                               life insurance sector, and that a more appropriate metric is
                                                                               the number of complaints per 1,000 policies in force, which
                                                                               has remained broadly flat at 2 (2021: 2 complaints per
                                                                               1,000 policies in force).




                                                                                                                                                Directors’ remuneration report
                                  Customer retention rate.      FN-IN-270a.3   89 per cent (2021: 89 per cent) (Excluding India, Africa,
                                                                               Myanmar and Laos).

                                  Description of approach       FN-IN-270a.4   More information on the way we communicate with
                                  to informing customers                       customers and our approach to responsible marketing is
                                  about products.                              available in the Customers section on page 87.

Incorporation of Environmental,   Total invested assets, by     FN-IN-410a.1   Total invested assets by asset class
                                                                               ($ million)                                  2022       2021
Social, and Governance Factors    industry and asset class.
in Investment Management.                                                      Debt                                      63,359     81,540
                                                                               Loan                                       2,481      2,367
                                                                               Equity securities and portfolio
                                                                                  holdings in unit                       46,308     48,448




                                                                                                                                                Financial statements
                                                                               Other financial instruments                    0          0
                                                                               Derivatives                                 (462)       212
                                                                               Deposits including items
                                                                                  classified as cash
                                                                                  equivalents                             8,977       5,351
                                                                               Cash (as defined under IFRS)               1,275       1,112
                                                                               Property                                      67          56
                                                                               Total                                   122,006     139,086




                                                                                                                                                European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                                               Total invested assets by industry
                                                                               ($ million)                                  2022       2021

                                                                               Basic materials                            1,311      1,435
                                                                               Communications                             3,621      3,879
                                                                               Consumer, cyclical                         2,585      2,452
                                                                               Consumer, non-cyclical                     4,807      4,913
                                                                               Energy                                     3,081      3,302
                                                                               Financial                                 18,433     20,016
                                                                               Funds                                      6,024      9,261
                                                                               Government                                34,473     46,102
                                                                               Industrial                                 2,515      2,578
                                                                               Other                                     40,912     40,205
                                                                               Technology                                 1,673      1,807
                                                                               Utilities                                  2,571      3,136
                                                                               Total                                   122,006     139,086




                                                                                                                                                Additional information




                                                                                              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    155
ESG report / continued




SASB Topic                              Accounting metric              Code           Disclosure

Policies Designed to Incentivize        Description of approach        FN-IN-410a.2   We integrate ESG factors into all our investment decisions.
Responsible Behaviour.                  to incorporation of                           This complements the traditional financial analysis we
                                        environmental, social, and                    conduct, in order to better manage risk and generate
                                        governance (ESG) factors                      sustainable long-term returns for our customers. ESG
                                        in investment management                      integration applies to the entire investment process, and
                                        processes and strategies.                     all relevant Group investment teams are expected to
                                                                                      demonstrate how ESG considerations are embedded into
                                                                                      investment decisions.
                                                                                      This includes our asset manager Eastspring, which
                                                                                      recently updated its Responsible Investment Policy
                                                                                      (www.eastspring.com/docs/librariesprovider2/responsible-
                                                                                      investments/ri-policy-brochure-4-jan-2023.pdf) to align
                                                                                      more closely with that of the Prudential Group, while also
                                                                                      allowing flexibility for the investment strategies of
                                                                                      third-party clients (ie non-Prudential clients).

                                        Net premiums written           FN-IN-410b.1   As a life insurer, this metric is not applicable to our business.
                                        related to energy efficiency
                                        and low-carbon technology.

                                        Discussion of products         FN-IN-410b.2   As a life insurer, this metric is not applicable to our business.
                                        and/or product features that
                                        incentivize health, safety,
                                        and/or environmentally
                                        responsible actions
                                        and/or behaviors.

Environmental Risk Exposure.            Probable Maximum Loss          FN-IN-450a.1   As a life insurer, this metric is not applicable to our business.
                                        (PML) of insured products
                                        from weather-related
                                        natural catastrophes.

                                        Total amount of monetary       FN-IN-450a.2   As a life insurer, this metric is not applicable to our business.
                                        losses attributable to
                                        insurance payouts from
                                        (1) modeled natural
                                        catastrophes and (2)
                                        non-modeled natural
                                        catastrophes, by type
                                        of event and geographic
                                        segment (net and gross
                                        of reinsurance).

                                        Description of approach        FN-IN-450a.3   As a life insurer, this metric is not applicable to our business.
                                        to incorporation of
                                        environmental risks into
                                        (1) the underwriting process
                                        for individual contracts and
                                        (2) the management of
                                        firm-level risks and capital
                                        adequacy.




156               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                   prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                            Group overview




SASB Topic                  Accounting metric                Code           Disclosure

Systemic Risk Management.   Exposure to derivative           FN-IN-550a.1   (1) Total potential exposure to noncentrally cleared


                                                                                                                                            Strategic report
                            instruments by category:                        derivatives
                            (1) total potential exposure                    $28,375m
                            to noncentrally cleared
                            derivatives, (2) total fair                     (2) Total fair value of acceptable collateral posted with the
                            value of acceptable                             Central Clearinghouse
                            collateral posted with the                      $1,459m
                            Central Clearinghouse, and                      (3) Total potential exposure to centrally cleared derivatives
                            (3) total potential exposure                    $17,306m
                            to centrally cleared

                                                                                                                                            Governance
                            derivatives.

Activity Metric.            Total fair value of securities   FN-IN-550a.2   $0.12m
                            lending collateral assets.

                            Description of approach to       FN-IN-550a.3   A description of our approach is covered in the Risk Report,
                            managing capital and                            under the discussion of the Group’s principal risks.
                            liquidity-related risks
                            associated with systemic




                                                                                                                                            Directors’ remuneration report
                            non-insurance activities.

                            Number of policies in force,     FN-IN-000.A    Total policies in force, all in life segment:
                            by segment: (1) property
                            and casualty, (2) life, (3)                     17,058,744
                            assumed reinsurance.




                                                                                                                                            Financial statements




                                                                                                                                            European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                            Additional information




                                                                                          Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   157
ESG report / continued




TCFD index
TCFD recommendation                     Prudential Group response                                                Location

Governance
a. Describe the Board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities
Guidance for All Sectors
The processes and frequency by          The Board and committees oversee all aspects of ESG, including           ESG governance overview section
which the Board and committees          climate-related risks and opportunities, and provide rigorous            on page 75.
are informed about climate-             challenge to management on progress against goals and targets.
related issues.                         The ‘ESG governance overview’ section sets out the climate-related       Group responsible investment
                                        responsibilities which have been assigned to Board and                   governance on page 122.
                                        committees, including the processes and frequency by which they          Identifying, assessing, managing
                                        are informed about climate-related issues. Our governance for            and responding to climate-related
                                        responsible investment is disclosed in the ‘Group responsible            risks on page 96.
                                        investment governance’ section.
                                                                                                                 The Risk governance on page 51.
                                        Prudential treats climate risk as a cross-cutting amplifier of the
                                        existing standalone risk types in our enterprise risk management
                                        framework, as described in the ‘Identifying, assessing, managing
                                        and responding to climate-related risks’ section. Our enterprise risk
                                        management processes, which is how the Board and committees
                                        are informed on climate related matters, is described in the ‘The risk
                                        governance’ section.
How the Board and committees            The Board and committees oversee all aspects of ESG, including           ESG governance overview section
incorporate climate-related issues      climate-related risks and opportunities, with the Board having           on page 75.
into decision-making.                   ultimate responsibility for determining strategy and prioritisation of
                                        key focus areas, as discussed in the ‘ESG governance overview’
                                        section.
How the Board monitors and              The Board and committees ensure the Group maintains an effective         ESG governance overview section
oversees progress against               risk management framework, which enables them to monitor and             on page 75.
climate-related goals and targets.      oversee progress against the Group’s climate-related goals and
                                        targets as described in the ‘ESG governance overview’ section.
b. Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities
Guidance for All Sectors
Climate-related responsibilities        Management play an active role in assessing and managing                 Managing the process on page 75
and accountability.                     climate-related risks and opportunities. Climate-related
                                        responsibilities have been assigned to management-level positions        Group responsible investment
                                        and committees, as described in the ‘Managing the process’               governance on page 122.
                                        section. These committees report to the Board and Board
                                        committees, as described in the same section. Our governance for
                                        responsible investment is disclosed in the ‘Group responsible
                                        investment governance’ section.
Organisational structure.               The climate-related organisational structure is included in the          Management oversight
                                        ‘Management oversight’ section.                                          on page 75.
How management is informed              We have implemented appropriate processes by which                       Management oversight
about climate-related issues.           management are informed about climate-related issues, as                 on page 75.
                                        discussed in the ‘Management oversight’ section.
                                                                                                                 Identifying, assessing, managing
                                        Prudential treats climate risk as a cross-cutting amplifier of the       and responding to climate-related
                                        existing standalone risk types in our enterprise risk management         risks section on page 96.
                                        framework, as described in the ‘Identifying, assessing, managing
                                        and responding to climate-related risks’ section. Our enterprise risk    The Risk governance on page 51.
                                        management processes, which is how management is informed on
                                        climate related matters, is described in the ‘The risk governance’
                                        section.




158               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                   prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                      Group overview




TCFD recommendation                  Prudential Group response                                                  Location

How management monitors              Our management committees actively monitor climate-related                 Management oversight on page 75.


                                                                                                                                                      Strategic report
climate-related issues.              issues, as described in the ‘Management oversight’ section.
                                     Prudential treats climate risk as a cross-cutting amplifier of the         Identifying, assessing, managing
                                     existing standalone risk types in our enterprise risk management           and responding to climate-related
                                     framework, as described in the ‘Identifying, assessing, managing           risks section on page 96.
                                     and responding to climate-related risks’ section. Our enterprise risk      The Risk governance on page 51.
                                     management processes, which is how the management monitors
                                     climate related matters, is described in the ‘Risk governance’
                                     section.


                                                                                                                                                      Governance
Strategy
a. Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium, and long term
Guidance for All Sectors
Definition of short-, medium-,       We have defined the relevant short-, medium-, and long-term time           Time horizons for climate
and long-term time horizons.         horizons, as described in the ‘Time horizons for climate’ section.         on page 96.
Climate-related issues potentially   We have identified the specific climate-related issues potentially         Time horizons for climate
arising in each time horizon.        arising in short-, medium- and long-term time horizons, as described       on page 96.




                                                                                                                                                      Directors’ remuneration report
                                     in the ‘Time horizons for climate’ section.
Processes used to determine which    Our risk and strategy processes have identified climate-related risks      Identifying and assessing climate-
risks and opportunities could have   and opportunities which could have a material financial impact on          related risks on page 96.
a material financial impact on the   our organization, as described in the ‘Identifying and assessing
organization.                        climate-related risks’ section and the ‘Identifying climate-related        Identifying climate-related
                                     opportunities’ section.                                                    opportunities on page 94.

Description of risks and             We have identified specific risks and opportunities by sector and          Sectoral and regional impact on our
opportunities by sector              geography, as described in the ‘Sectoral and regional impact on our        current assets and insurance
and/or geography.                    current assets and insurance liabilities’ section, the ‘Regional impact    liabilities on page 99.
                                     on our operations’ section and the ‘Identifying climate-related
                                     opportunities’ section.                                                    Regional impact on our operations
                                                                                                                on page 101.




                                                                                                                                                      Financial statements
                                                                                                                Identifying climate-related
                                                                                                                opportunities on page 94.
b. Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning
Guidance for All Sectors
How identified climate-related       We have considered the impact on the following:                            Identifying climate-related
issues have affected our business,                                                                              opportunities on page 94.
strategy, and financial planning.    > products and services as described in the ‘Identifying climate-




                                                                                                                                                      European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                       related opportunities’ section                                           Managing our direct operational
                                     > supply chain and/or value chain, including carbon prices, in the         environmental impacts
                                       ‘Managing our direct operational environmental impacts’                  on page 102.
                                       section, and the ‘Carbon prices used in scenario testing’ section        Carbon prices used in scenario
                                     > adaptation and mitigation activities in the ‘Targets and progress        testing on page 99.
                                       made’ section
                                     > investment in research and development in the ‘Research                  Targets and progress made
                                       partnerships’ box                                                        on page 91.
                                     > operations (including type of operations and location of facilities)     Research partnerships on page 95.
                                       in the ‘Managing our direct operational environmental impacts’
                                       section                                                                  Managing our direct operational
                                                                                                                environmental impacts
                                     > access to capital in the ‘Impact on access to capital’ section
                                                                                                                on page 102.
                                     We did not have major strategic acquisitions or divestments during
                                                                                                                Impact on access to capital
                                     the year.
                                                                                                                on page 95.
How climate-related issues serve     Climate-related issues serve as an input to our financial and              Impact on financial and strategic




                                                                                                                                                      Additional information
as an input to our financial         strategic planning, as described in the ‘Impact on financial and           planning on page 95.
planning process.                    strategic planning’ section. These risks are prioritised using the
                                     processes described in the ‘The Group’s principal risks’ and ‘The risk     The Group’s principal risks
                                     governance’ sections.                                                      on page 54.
                                                                                                                The Risk governance on page 51.




                                                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022     159
ESG report / continued




TCFD recommendation                      Prudential Group response                                                Location

The impact of climate-related            We assess the potential impact of climate-related issues on our          Climate-related scenario testing
issues on financial performance.         financial performance, as described in the ‘Climate-related scenario     on page 98.
                                         testing’ section. We use scenarios to assess the robustness of our
                                         financial and strategic planning, as described in the ‘Impact on         Impact on financial and strategic
                                         financial and strategic planning’ section.                               planning on page 95.

Our plans for transitioning              We have made GHG emissions reduction commitments, as                     Targets and progress made
to a low-carbon economy.                 described in the ‘Targets and progress made’ section. We have            on page 91.
                                         identified specific activities for transitioning to a low-carbon
                                         economy, as set out throughout our Climate Transition Plan, given        Climate Transition Plan:
                                         the forward looking nature of the activities.                            www.prudentialplc.com/~/media/
                                                                                                                  Files/P/Prudential-V13/esg-report/
                                                                                                                  climate-transition-plan-2022.pdf
 Supplemental Guidance for Asset Owners
 How climate-related risks and           We use our strategic asset allocation process to factor in climate-      Identifying climate-related
 opportunities are factored into         related risks and opportunities, as described in the ‘Identifying        opportunities on page 94.
 relevant investment strategies.         climate-related opportunities’ section. We pursue these
                                         opportunities through our responsible investment approach,               Responsible investment approach
                                         as described in the ‘Responsible investment approach’ section.           on page 123.

c. Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate related scenarios, including a 2°C
or lower scenario
Guidance for All Sectors
How our strategy is resilient            We assessed the resilience of our strategy and financial plan against    Impact on financial and strategic
to climate-related risks                 three different climate scenarios and have confidence that they          planning on page 95.
and opportunities.                       remain viable, as described in the ‘Impact on financial and strategic
                                         planning’ section. The assessment considered scenarios both 2°C or       Climate-related scenario testing
                                         lower and with increased physical climate-related risks, as described    on page 98.
                                         in the ‘Climate-related scenario testing’ section.
How our strategy will be affected        We recognise that our business purpose and strategy allows us to         Identifying climate-related
by climate-related risks and             generate climate-related opportunities for the Group through the         opportunities on page 94.
opportunities.                           implementation of our strategic ESG framework, as described in the
                                         ‘Identifying climate-related opportunities’ section.                     Identifying and assessing
                                                                                                                  climate‑related risks on page 96.
                                         We identify climate-related risks that affect our strategy, as
                                         described in the ‘Identifying and assessing climate-related risks’       Managing and responding to
                                         section, and assess and manage these risks, as described in the          climate-related risks on page 97.
                                         ‘Managing and responding to climate-related risks’ section.
How our strategy might change            We recognise that our business purpose and strategy might be             Identifying climate-related
to address potential risks and           impacted by climate-related opportunities through the                    opportunities on page 94.
opportunities.                           implementation of our strategic ESG framework, as described in the
                                         ‘Identifying climate-related opportunities’ section.                     Identifying and assessing
                                                                                                                  climate‑related risks on page 96.
                                         Our strategy may also be impacted by climate-related risks, as
                                         described in the Identifying and assessing climate-related risks’        Managing and responding to
                                         section, and assess and manage these risks, as described in the          climate-related risks on page 97.
                                         ‘Managing and responding to climate-related risks’ section.
A description of the climate-            We use climate-related scenarios, including below 2°C scenarios, as      Climate-related scenario testing
related scenarios used.                  described in the ‘Climate-related scenario testing’ section. We          on page 98.
                                         identified the related time horizons, as set out in the ‘Time horizons
                                         for climate’ section.                                                    Time horizons for climate
                                                                                                                  on page 96.
A description of how climate-            We use our strategic asset allocation process to inform investments      Identifying climate-related
related scenarios are used,              in specific assets, as described in the ‘Identifying climate-related     opportunities on page 94.
such as to inform investments            opportunities’ section. The climate-related scenarios we use in the
in specific assets.                      strategic asset allocation process are described in the ‘Climate-        Climate-related scenario testing
                                         related scenario testing’ section. We pursue these opportunities         on page 98.
                                         through our responsible investment approach, as described in the         Responsible investment approach
                                         ‘Responsible investment approach’ section.                               on page 123.




160                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                     prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                       Group overview




TCFD recommendation                   Prudential Group response                                                    Location

Risk management


                                                                                                                                                       Strategic report
a. Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate related risks
Guidance for All Sectors
Risk management processes             We assess climate-related risks, as described in the ‘Identifying,           Identifying, assessing, managing
for identifying and assessing         assessing, managing and responding to climate-related risks’                 and responding to climate-related
climate-related risks.                section. We have appropriate enterprise risk management                      risks on page 96.
                                      processes in place, including for determining the relative
                                      significance of climate-related risks in relation to other risks,            The Group’s principal risks
                                                                                                                   on page 54.

                                                                                                                                                       Governance
                                      as described in the ‘The Group’s principal risks’ and ‘The risk
                                      governance’ sections.                                                        The Risk governance on page 51.
Existing and emerging regulatory      We consider existing and emerging regulatory requirements related            Identifying, assessing, managing
requirements related to climate       to climate change, as described in the ‘Identifying, assessing,              and responding to climate-related
change.                               managing and responding to climate-related risks’ section.                   risks on page 96.
Processes for assessing the           We have processes for assessing the size and scope of climate-               The Risk governance on page 51.
potential size and scope of           related risks, as described in the ‘The risk governance’ section.
identified climate-related risks.




                                                                                                                                                       Directors’ remuneration report
Definitions of risk terminology       Our risk classification framework, with our definitions of risk              The Risk governance on page 51.
used or references to existing risk   terminology used, forms part of our Group Risk Framework,
classification frameworks used.       as described in the ‘The Risk governance’ section.
 Supplemental Guidance for Asset Owners
 Engagement activity with             We have adopted an active and impactful approach to asset                    Active ownership on page 126.
 investee companies.                  ownership, which emphasises direct and constructive dialogue
                                      with investee companies on sustainability and governance issues,
                                      as described in the ‘Active ownership’ section.
b. Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-related risks
Guidance for All Sectors



                                                                                                                                                       Financial statements
Managing climate-related risks.       We have processes for managing and prioritising climate-related              Managing and responding to
                                      risks, as described in the ‘Managing and responding to climate-              climate-related risks on page 97.
                                      related risks’, ‘The Group’s principal risks’ and ‘The risk governance’
                                      sections.                                                                    The Group’s principal risks
                                                                                                                   on page 54.
                                                                                                                   The Risk governance on page 51.
Positioning of our total portfolio    We have implemented decarbonisation and coal divestment                      Targets and progress made on page
with respect to the transition        targets to prepare the portfolio for the transition to a low-carbon          91.




                                                                                                                                                       European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
to a low-carbon energy supply,        economy, as described in the ‘Targets and progress made’ section.
production, and use.                  We have developed our responsible investment policy, including our
                                      six implementation strategies to actively manage our portfolio’s             Responsible investment approach
                                      positioning, as described in the ‘Responsible investment approach’           on page 123.
                                      section.
c. Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organization’s
overall risk management
Guidance for All Sectors
Integrating climate-related risks     We identify, assess and manage climate related risks, as described           Identifying, assessing, managing
into our overall risk management.     in the ‘Identifying, assessing, managing and responding to                   and responding to climate-related
                                      climate-related risks’ section. These risks are integrated into our risk     risks on page 96.
                                      management framework, as described in the ‘System of
                                      governance’ and ‘The risk governance’ sections.                              System of governance on page 51.
                                                                                                                   The risk management cycle
                                                                                                                   on page 52.




                                                                                                                                                       Additional information




                                                                                                         Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   161
ESG report / continued




TCFD recommendation                      Prudential Group response                                                 Location

Metrics and targets
a. Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk
management process
Guidance for All Sectors
Key metrics used to measure              We use a suite of key metrics to measure and manage climate-              Choice of metrics on page 93.
and manage climate-related               related risks and opportunities, as described in the ‘Choice of
risks and opportunities.                 metrics’ section, including absolute and intensity metrics.               Carbon prices used in scenario
                                                                                                                   testing on page 99.
                                         The following metrics are provided:
                                                                                                                   Directors’ remuneration report
                                         > Absolute Scope 1, Scope 2, Scope 3 in the ‘Choice of metrics’           on page 226.
                                           section;
                                                                                                                   Sectoral and regional impact on
                                         > Internal carbon prices in the ‘Carbon prices used in scenario           our current assets and insurance
                                           testing’ section; and                                                   liabilities on page 99.
                                         > Proportion of executive management remuneration linked to
                                           climate considerations in the ‘Directors’ remuneration report’.         Regional impact on our operations
                                                                                                                   on page 101.
                                         We describe the following qualitatively:
                                                                                                                   Identifying climate-related
                                         > Amount and extent of assets or business activities vulnerable to        opportunities on page 94.
                                           transition and physical risks in the ‘Sectoral and regional impact
                                           on our current assets and insurance liabilities’ section, and the       Responsible investment approach
                                           ‘Regional impact on our operations’ section;                            on page 123.
                                         > Proportion of revenue, assets, or other business activities aligned     ESG integration on page 125.
                                           with climate-related opportunities in the ‘Identifying climate-
                                           related opportunities’ section; and
                                         > Amount of capital expenditure, financing, or investment
                                           deployed toward climate-related risks and opportunities in the
                                           ‘Responsible investment approach’ section, and the ‘ESG
                                           integration’ section.
Metrics on climate-related risks         We provide, where relevant and applicable, metrics on climate-            Hong Kong Stock Exchange
associated with water, energy,           related risks associated with water, energy, and waste management         requirements on page 146.
and waste management.                    in the ‘Hong Kong Stock Exchange requirements’ section.
How performance metrics are              We incorporate climate-related performance metrics, as described          Directors’ remuneration report
incorporated into remuneration           in the ‘Directors’ remuneration report’ section.                          on page 226.
policies.
The internal carbon prices we            We use carbon prices in our scenario testing, as described in the         Carbon prices used in scenario
use as well as climate-related           ‘Carbon prices used in scenario testing’ section.                         testing on page 99.
opportunity metrics.
Metrics used to assess climate-          We provide the metrics used to assess climate-related risks in the        Choice of metrics on page 92.
related risks and opportunities.         ‘Choice of metrics’ section. We discuss qualitatively the
                                         opportunities from products and services designed for a lower-            Identifying climate-related
                                         carbon economy in the ‘Identifying climate-related opportunities’         opportunities on page 94.
                                         section.
Metrics for historical periods.          We provide historical metrics in the ‘Choice of metrics’ section, so as   Choice of metrics on page 92.
                                         to allow for trend analysis.
Forward-looking metrics.                 We qualitatively discuss forward-looking metrics in the ‘Forward-         Forward-looking metrics
                                         looking metrics’ section.                                                 on page 93.
Methodologies used to calculate          We describe the methodologies used to calculate our climate-              Basis of Reporting:
or estimate climate-related              related metrics in our Basis of Reporting, so as to provide a single      www.prudentialplc.com/~/media/
metrics.                                 consistent description of the methodologies.                              Files/P/Prudential-V13/esg-report/
                                                                                                                   basis-of-reporting-2022.pdf
Our Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG              We provide our Scope 1, Scope 2 and relevant Scope 3 GHG                  Movement in our operational
emissions and appropriate Scope          emissions in the ‘Movement in our operational emissions’ section.         emissions on page 102.
3 GHG emissions.




162                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                     prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                    Group overview




TCFD recommendation                  Prudential Group response                                                 Location

 Supplemental Guidance for Asset Owners


                                                                                                                                                    Strategic report
 Metrics considered in investment    We use a suite of key metrics to assess climate-related risks and         Choice of metrics on page 92.
 decisions and monitoring.           opportunities as well as for investment decisions and monitoring,
                                     as described in the ‘Choice of metrics’ section, where we provide
                                     also how these metrics have changed over time.
 Description of the extent to        We qualitatively describe implied temperature rise, which can be          Forward-looking metrics
 which assets we own and our         used to describe the extent to which assets, funds and investment         on page 93.
 funds and investment strategies,    strategies are aligned with a well below 2°C scenario, in the
 where relevant, are aligned with    ‘Forward-looking metrics’ section.

                                                                                                                                                    Governance
 a well below 2°C scenario.
 Indication of which asset classes   The asset classes included are detailed in our Basis of Reporting.        Basis of Reporting:
 are included.                                                                                                 www.prudentialplc.com/~/media/
                                                                                                               Files/P/Prudential-V13/esg-report/
                                                                                                               basis-of-reporting-2022.pdf
b. Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks
Guidance for All Sectors




                                                                                                                                                    Directors’ remuneration report
How we calculate our Scope 1,        We calculate our GHG emissions in line with the GHG Protocol              Movement in our operational
Scope 2 and Scope 3 GHG              methodology, as described in our Basis of Reporting, so as to             emissions on page 102.
emissions.                           provide a single consistent description of the methodologies. We
                                     provide our full breakdown of Scope 1, Scope 2 and relevant Scope 3
                                     GHG emissions, including industry-specific efficiency ratios, in the
                                     ‘Movement in our operational emissions’ section.
Our historical GHG emissions and     We provide metrics for historical periods to allow for trend analysis     Movement in our operational
associated metrics, a description    in the ‘Movement in our operational emissions’ section. We describe       emissions on page 102.
of the methodologies.                the methodologies used to calculate the metrics in our Basis of
                                     Reporting, so as to provide a single consistent referable description     Basis of Reporting:
                                     of the methodologies.                                                     www.prudentialplc.com/~/media/
                                                                                                               Files/P/Prudential-V13/esg-report/




                                                                                                                                                    Financial statements
                                                                                                               basis-of-reporting-2022.pdf
 Supplemental Guidance for Asset Owners
 Disclosure of GHG emissions for  We disclose the GHG emissions and WACI for our investment                    Choice of metrics on page 92.
 assets we own and the weighted portfolio, as defined in our Basis of Reporting, in the ‘Choice of
 average carbon intensity (WACI). metrics’ section. The emissions are calculated in line with the PCAF         Basis of Reporting:
                                  Standard, as described in our Basis of Reporting, so as to provide           www.prudentialplc.com/~/media/
                                  a single consistent referable description of the methodologies.              Files/P/Prudential-V13/esg-report/
                                                                                                               basis-of-reporting-2022.pdf




                                                                                                                                                    European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
 Other carbon footprinting           We qualitatively discuss other carbon footprinting metrics which we       Forward-looking metrics
 metrics we believe are useful       believe can be useful for decision-making, including forward-looking      on page 93.
 for decision-making.                metrics, in the ‘Forward-looking metrics‘ section.
c. Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets
Guidance for All Sectors
Key climate-related targets.         We have set key climate-related targets, as described in the ‘Targets     Targets and progress made
                                     and progress made’ section, including the time frames for the             on page 91.
                                     targets, the base years from which progress is measured, and the
                                     key performance indicators used to assess progress made. We use
                                     both intensity metrics and absolute metrics.
Interim targets.                     We disclose our interim targets in aggregate in the ‘Targets and          Targets and progress made
                                     progress made’ section, which also includes the medium-term and           on page 91.
                                     long-term targets associated.
Description of the methodologies     We describe the methodologies used to calculate targets and               Basis of Reporting:




                                                                                                                                                    Additional information
used to calculate targets and        measures in our Basis of Reporting, so as to provide a single             www.prudentialplc.com/~/media/
measures.                            consistent referable description of the methodologies.                    Files/P/Prudential-V13/esg-report/
                                                                                                               basis-of-reporting-2022.pdf




                                                                                                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   163
ESG report / continued




Our Group-wide policies relating to our ESG Strategic Framework
ESG strategic pillar/enabler                Our Group-wide policies                                                 Owner and date of last review

Making health and financial                 To ensure we treat our customers fairly, management of conduct          Group Chief Executive Officer
security accessible                         risks is key. Prudential mitigates conduct risk with robust controls,   July 2022
                                            which are identified and assessed through the Group’s conduct risk
                                            assessment framework, and regularly tested within its monitoring
                                            programmes. The Group Customer Conduct Risk Policy provides this
                                            framework and includes our Customer Conduct Standards, which
                                            set out the core values and standards that the Group expects all
                                            employees and persons acting on behalf of it to observe, and which
                                            further supports our ESG strategy.
                                            These values and standards include specific requirements regarding
                                            customers. In particular, the Group has committed to:
                                            > Treat customers fairly;
                                            > Provide and promote products and services that meet customer
                                              needs, are clearly explained and that deliver real value;
                                            > Maintain the confidentiality of our customer information;
                                            > Provide and promote high standards of customer service; and
                                            > Act fairly and in a timely way to address customer complaints
                                              and any errors we find.

Stewarding the human impacts                The Group Responsible Investment Policy articulates how ESG             Group Chief Executive Officer
of climate change                           considerations are integrated into investment activities and            July 2022
                                            processes in a consistent and coherent way. It describes our
                                            approach to ensure external commitments and internal targets
                                            on responsible investment are met and to ensure the different
                                            objectives of responsible investment are taken into consideration
                                            when making investment decisions.

                                            The Environment Policy outlines our approach to understand and          Group Chief Financial Officer
                                            manage the direct environmental impact of the Group. This covers        July 2022
                                            our measurement, monitoring, review and reporting of issues
                                            associated with our environmental performance.

Building social capital                     The Discrimination and Harassment Policy reflects our commitment        Group HR Director
                                            to creating and maintaining a welcoming, supportive culture             July 2022
                                            in which all can work in a friendly and professional working
                                            environment. This policy prohibits discrimination, harassment,
                                            bullying and other types of misconduct where the behaviour is
                                            contrary to Prudential’s values and standards. Where our people
                                            experience or witness inappropriate behaviours, they are
                                            encouraged to report this via a range of available channels
                                            including their line manager, Human Resources, grievance
                                            procedures or Speak Out. Finally, the policy reinforces Prudential’s
                                            zero-tolerance stance over retaliation against reporters of any
                                            concerns or for cooperating or participating in the investigation
                                            of a complaint.

                                            The Diversity and Inclusion Policy sets out how we foster an            Group HR Director
                                            inclusive workforce and ensure all our employees are treated fairly     July 2022
                                            and feel valued, and together have the diversity in skill sets and
                                            backgrounds that enriches the organisation. Our policy considers
                                            a range of diversity aspects of our employees, including gender,
                                            age, ethnicity, disability, sexual orientation and background.

                                            The Employee Relations Policy outlines the way we engage our            Group HR Director
                                            employees and motivate them to achieve success for the Group,           July 2022
                                            promoting positive relationships with employees, representative
                                            organisations and trade unions, and maintaining a positive
                                            reputation for the treatment of employees.




164                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                       prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                         Group overview




ESG strategic pillar/enabler          Our Group-wide policies                                                     Owner and date of last review

Building social capital (continued)   The Performance and Learning Policy sets out the importance                 Group HR Director


                                                                                                                                                         Strategic report
                                      of our people and frames how we invest in their development                 July 2022
                                      to deliver against our strategy and the future success of the
                                      organisation. This includes our Performance Management
                                      Framework.

                                      The Recruitment Policy covers the Group’s recruitment processes,            Group HR Director
                                      reflecting fairness, equality of opportunities for all, and for all         July 2022
                                      recruitment decisions to be made without bias and with due
                                      consideration. The Recruitment Policy aims to provide a set of

                                                                                                                                                         Governance
                                      principles to guide hiring for all involved across the organisation,
                                      introducing consistency in the process and decision-making across
                                      the Group while setting standards to enable oversight and improve
                                      quantitative and qualitative reporting of the recruitment process.

                                      The Remuneration Policy outlines our effective approach to                  Group HR Director
                                      appropriately rewarding our employees in a way that aligns                  July 2022
                                      incentives to business objectives and performance, and enables
                                      the recruitment, retention and incentivisation of high-calibre




                                                                                                                                                         Directors’ remuneration report
                                      employees in line with our risk appetite and Group Reward
                                      Principles.

                                      The Talent Policy demonstrates how we attract, select and develop           Group HR Director
                                      the best people for roles that will ensure high performance in the          July 2022
                                      short term and improve the longer-term succession and talent
                                      pipelines. It sets out our fair and effective approach to pursuing this.

                                      The Consensual Relationships Policy applies to consensual romantic          Group HR Director
                                      and sexual relationships in the workplace. As a general principle,          July 2022
                                      the Group does not seek to prevent relationships between the
                                      people in the organisation. The exception to this is that neither
                                      the CEO nor the CFO of Prudential or of any of its subsidiary




                                                                                                                                                         Financial statements
                                      entities or businesses, nor any of the Prudential country managers,
                                      is permitted to have a relationship with any other person at
                                      Prudential. Relationships with students or interns are also
                                      prohibited, whilst such persons are undertaking work for Prudential.

                                      The Group Data Policy is centred on the principle that data must be         Managing Director,
                                      well governed and effectively managed through its lifecycle. The            Strategic Business Group
                                      Policy provides a data, business, people and technology framework,          July 2022
                                      which defines how we should manage data throughout its lifecycle
                                      and employ the technology best suited for the business use cases.




                                                                                                                                                         European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                      The Privacy Policy governs the protection of data and complies with         Managing Director,
                                      the General Data Protection Regulation. The Information Security            Strategic Business Group
                                      Policy supports our resilient information security programme across         July 2022
                                      the organisation and our commitment to protecting the data
                                      entrusted to us by customers.

Responsible investment                The Group Responsible Investment Policy articulates how ESG                 Group Chief Executive Officer
                                      considerations are integrated into investment activities and                July 2022
                                      processes in a consistent and coherent way. It describes our
                                      approach to ensure external commitments and internal targets
                                      on responsible investment are met and to ensure the different
                                      objectives of responsible investment are taken into consideration
                                      when making investment decisions.




                                                                                                                                                         Additional information




                                                                                                        Prudential plc Annual Report 2022         165
ESG report / continued




ESG strategic pillar/enabler                Our Group-wide policies                                                   Owner and date of last review

Good governance and                         The Group Code of Business Conduct sits at the heart of our Group         Group Chief Executive Officer
responsible business practices              Governance Manual and highlights the ethical standards that the           November 2022
                                            Board expects of itself, our employees, our agents and others
                                            working on behalf of the Group. The Code sets out our values
                                            around ownership, partnership and stewardship, and the personal
                                            standards we adhere to in the areas of protection from financial
                                            crime, avoiding conflicts of interest, managing information,
                                            communicating as a Group and providing equality for our people.
                                            The Code is supported by a set of Group-wide principles and values
                                            that define how the Group expects business to be conducted in
                                            order to achieve its strategic objectives.

                                            The Group Risk Framework describes the Group’s approach to risk           Group Chief Risk and
                                            management, and the key arrangements and standards for risk               Compliance Officer
                                            management and internal control that support the Group’s                  July 2022
                                            compliance with Group-wide statutory and regulatory
                                            requirements.

                                            The Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy covers our values for              Group Chief Risk and
                                            reputation, ethical behaviour and reliability. As an organisation         Compliance Officer
                                            we are focused on financial practices that align to those values          July 2022
                                            and we prohibit corruption or bribery within our working practices.

                                            The Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions Policy outlines how               Group Chief Risk and
                                            we prohibit money laundering or terrorist financing in our working        Compliance Officer
                                            practices, setting out how we establish parameters to prevent             July 2022
                                            this taking place across the organisation and the commitment
                                            to comply with sanctions, laws and regulations by screening,
                                            prohibiting or restricting business activity, and following up through
                                            investigation.

                                            The Security Policy has been replaced with several new policies.          Group Chief Risk and
                                            The Group Resilience Policy covers physical security, health and          Compliance Officer
                                            safety and business continuity management. The Group Escalation           July 2022
                                            Policy sets the framework by which the Group can conduct
                                            investigations relating to a range of security issues. The Group
                                            Counter Fraud Policy supports our local businesses in the
                                            development of proportionate fraud systems to enhance fraud
                                            detection, protection and investigation. The Group Speak Out Policy
                                            sets out the framework and controls relating to whistleblowing.

                                            The Tax Risk Policy includes our processes to manage tax-related          Group Chief Financial Officer
                                            risk, by identifying, measuring, controlling and reporting on issues      July 2022
                                            considered an operational, reputational or regulatory risk.

                                            The Government Relations Policy outlines our position that as an          Group Chief Executive Officer
                                            organisation, we do not donate to political parties. This is defined as   July 2022
                                            covering any political party or candidate or any other organisation
                                            that attempts to affect support for any political party. It is defined
                                            as covering any payment or gift or contribution, direct or indirect, as
                                            defined by the UK’s Political Parties, Elections and Referendums Act
                                            2000. The policy covers expenditure on engagement activity on
                                            public policy discussions and applies across the Group.




166                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                         prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                    Group overview




ESG strategic pillar/enabler     Our Group-wide policies                                                     Owner and date of last review

Good governance and              The Third Party Supply and Outsourcing Policy covers how we                 Group Chief Financial Officer


                                                                                                                                                    Strategic report
responsible business practices   manage and oversee our third-party arrangements, through due                July 2022
(continued)                      diligence/selection criteria, contractual requirements, the ongoing
                                 monitoring of such relationships, and reporting and escalation.
                                 The new policy also introduced “responsible supplier guidelines”
                                 which includes additional considerations for a supplier’s
                                 environmental, social and governance practices in addition to
                                 existing supplier qualification requirements tied to their capabilities,
                                 competitiveness, and assessment of third-party risks. Additionally,
                                 the policy considers the requirements of the UK Modern Slavery Act

                                                                                                                                                    Governance
                                 and the principles of the UN’s Universal Declaration of
                                 Human Rights.

Community engagement and         The Community Investment Policy covers how we are committed                 Group Chief Executive Officer
investment                       to working with the communities in which we operate as active               July 2022
                                 and supportive members. It also outlines our strategy for investing
                                 in the community and how we make investments and report
                                 against them.




                                                                                                                                                    Directors’ remuneration report




                                                                                                                                                    Financial statements




                                                                                                                                                    European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                                    Additional information




                                                                                                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022         167
ESG report / continued




SECR Report
Our 2022 energy consumption and GHG emissions are disclosed below in accordance with the Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR)
framework of the Companies Act 2006 (Strategic and Directors’ Reports). No energy reduction projects were undertaken in the UK portfolio
during 2022. Information on energy reduction initiatives across our Asian and African portfolio are included in the section on Managing our
direct operational environmental impacts. More information on the methodologies used is available in the Basis of Reporting (available here:
www.prudentialplc.com/~/media/Files/P/Prudential-V13/esg-report/basis-of-reporting-2022.pdf).

                                                                                                                                   2022                          2021

                                                                                                                                                  Global                        Global
                                                                                                                             UK and       (excluding UK     UK and      (excluding UK
                                                                                                                            offshore       and offshore)   offshore      and offshore)

Emissions from activities for which the company own and control, including combustion
  of fuel and operation facilities (Scope 1) tCO2e                                                                              123               1,522       122              3,954
Emissions from purchase of electricity, heat, steam and cooling purchased for own use
  (Scope 2, location based) tCO2e                                                                                               131              19,749       122            36,516
Emissions from purchase of electricity, heat, steam and cooling purchased for own use
  (Scope 2, market based) tCO2e                                                                                                 219              16,719       177            34,900
Total gross Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions (location-based) tCO2e                                                                254              21,272       244            40,470
Intensity ratio: tCO2e /m2                                                                                                  0.0222               0.0640     0.0119           0.0850
Intensity ratio tCO2e /fte                                                                                                  1.5875               1.4028     1.1675           2.3354
Energy consumption used to calculate above emissions: kWh (Scope 1)                                                       671,652           7,039,834      663,621       19,252,400
Energy consumption used to calculate above emissions: kWh (Scope 2)                                                       638,894         32,849,795       559,790       69,984,995

Note:
2021 Global (excluding UK and offshore) emissions data includes the US portfolio, Jackson operations, up to the demerger on 13 September 2021.




168                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                              prudentialplc.com
Non-financial information statement

                                                                                                                                                 Group overview




We recognise that to help our customers get the most out of life, we need to take a long-term view on a wide range of issues that affect our
business and the communities in which we operate. To do this, we maintain a proactive dialogue with our stakeholders to ensure that we are



                                                                                                                                                 Strategic report
managing these issues sustainably and delivering long-term value. Further information on our engagement with our stakeholders can be
found in our Section 172 Statement below.
The Group’s Strategic Report, including the ESG report and the Section 172 Statement, includes information required by the non-financial
reporting provisions contained in sections 414CA and 414CB of the Companies Act 2006. These reporting requirements are met in a number
of sections of our annual report. The diagram below illustrates where the relevant material is presented.




                                                                                                                                                 Governance
 ESG Strategic enabler:                                                                                                 ESG Strategic enabler:
     Building                                                                                                        Good governance
   social capital                                                                                                     and responsible
                                                                Business
       PAGE 109                                                                                                      business practices
                                                                 model                                                         PAGE 140
                                                              PAGES 14 TO 15




                                                                                                                                                 Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                Principal
                                                                  risks
                                                              PAGES 54 TO 63

                                                                                               Human
                               Employees
                                                                                                rights

                                                           Governance,
                                                        Group-wide policies



                                                                                                                                                 Financial statements
                                                         and due diligence
                                                             PAGES 164 TO 167
                           Anti-bribery and
                                                                                              Social
                           anti-corruption
                                                                                              matters
                               matters




                                                                                                                                                 European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
 ESG Strategic enabler:                                                                                                  ESG Strategic pillar:
                                                           Environmental
Good governance                                               matters                                                  Making health
 and responsible                                                                                                       and financial
business practices                                                                                                   security accessible
       PAGE 140                                                                                                                PAGE 78

                                                                                                                         ESG Strategic pillar:
                                                                     KPI:                                                  Building
                                                         Carbon emissions                                                social capital
                                                                  PAGE 32                                                      PAGE 109
                                                             ESG Strategic pillar:
                                               Stewarding the human impacts
                                                     of climate change



                                                                                                                                                 Additional information
                                                                  PAGE 90

                                              Streamlined Energy and Carbon
                                                Reporting (SECR) framework
                                                                 PAGE 168




                                                                                                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022     169
UK Companies Act, Section 172 Statement




The Board recognises the importance of considering all stakeholders        Upon joining the Board, each Director is provided with an induction
in its decision-making.                                                    which includes a detailed briefing on Director duties, including those
                                                                           arising under Section 172 and an overview of the Group’s stakeholders.
Section 172 of the UK Companies Act 2006 (the Act) requires each
Director to act in a way that he or she considers, in good faith, would    A briefing note reminding Directors of their Section 172 duties is made
be most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit       available to the Board at each of its meetings. Management who
of its members. This requires a Director to have regard to the interests   submit proposals to the Board for approval are required to address
of the Company’s employees, its relationship with suppliers and            the Section 172 criteria in their papers, pointing out the potential
customers and the impact of the Company’s operations on the                impact on the Group’s stakeholders, or how stakeholder views have
community and the environment, among other matters.                        been considered. This ensures that the Board is sufficiently briefed,
                                                                           and that materials support a robust discussion, with due regard to
This statement details how the Board builds and maintains strong           the impact a proposal may have on the Group’s stakeholders.
relationships with its stakeholders, how it understands their interests,
needs and concerns and how the strength of these relationships is          Section 172 duties are considered in our Board succession planning
contributing to the Company’s success. These stakeholder factors           and training materials. We ensure that we take account of any
are also relevant in shaping Prudential’s corporate culture.               conflicts between different stakeholder concerns and resolve such
                                                                           conflicts as smoothly as possible at the highest level necessary.
Prudential’s key stakeholders are its customers, investors, workforce,
regulators, governments and wider society, and suppliers.                  A summary of the Board’s stakeholder engagement activities in 2022
                                                                           is set out below.
This section sets out how the Directors have considered the matters
set out in Section 172 and forms the statement required under the Act.




                                                                           The Board receives regular reports from business heads on issues
                                                                           affecting their customers, including the ongoing impacts of the
                                                                           macroeconomic environment and how the business is responding
                                                                           to customer needs in individual markets.
                                                                           As part of the Board’s visit to Singapore in April, the Board heard
                                                                           more about the ‘We DO Family’ campaign and met with customers
                                                                           and agents to hear directly about customer needs and how the
                                                                           Group’s propositions, products and services are evolving to meet
                                                                           them. Board members also experienced how Pulse was being
                                                                           developed to enhance end-to-end customer journeys.
                                                                           In May, the Board asked the Responsibility & Sustainability Working
                                                                           Group (RSWG) to give extra focus to looking at how the Group is
                                                                           demonstrating and embedding its customer-centric focus for new
                                                                           and existing customers.

  Customers                                                                The impact that engagement with customers
                                                                           has on Board decision-making
                                                                           The outcome of our operational teams’ engagement with
                                                                           customers is transmitted through the business and used to shape
  Why customers matter to Prudential                                       the design of our products and how and where we distribute those
  The Group’s purpose is to help customers get the most out of life.       products, and ultimately to inform strategic decisions made at
  We make healthcare affordable and accessible, delivering products        Board level. Decisions about which markets to access, what kind
  and services which meet the diversity of people’s needs. We protect      of products to offer and how to develop our agency force, our bank
  people’s wealth and grow their assets and we empower our                 partnerships and our digital capabilities, are all driven by an
  customers to save for their goals. Our customers are at the heart        understanding of what customers want, based on engagement
  of what we do.                                                           with those customers.
                                                                           Mindful of the impact of macroeconomic trends on the cost of
  How the Board engages and communicates with customers
                                                                           living for our customers, the Board monitors persistency trends and
  and understands their interests, needs and concerns
                                                                           discusses with management how products and services are being
  Our extensive distribution channels enable us to better understand
                                                                           adapted to respond to changing customer needs.
  and service customers’ financial needs. Prudential engages directly
  with its customers through contact centres, dedicated account            The Board has actively discussed and supported the evolution
  managers, face-to-face advice (where possible), mobile phone             of the digital strategy, and the customer and distribution strategies
  apps and telephone technical support teams. The development of           of individual businesses. The Group intends to build capacity to
  Prudential’s digital proposition, specifically the digital health app    serve a greater number of customers and monitors progress
  Pulse, has enabled Prudential to give its customers a greater range      towards this goal.
  of services, including through partnerships with others.




170               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                     Group overview




                                                                         The Group’s 2022 AGM adopted a hybrid approach, which allowed
                                                                         shareholders to attend either in person or virtually. Prudential will


                                                                                                                                                     Strategic report
                                                                         continue to offer this hybrid approach, which allows the greatest
                                                                         flexibility for all shareholders, including the growing number
                                                                         of Hong Kong-based shareholders who can now participate
                                                                         directly in shareholder decision-making.
                                                                         During 2022, 371 meetings were held with 319 individual
                                                                         institutional investors in Asia, the US, UK and Europe. Of these
                                                                         371 meetings, 141 were attended by either the Group Chief
                                                                         Executive or the Group Chief Financial Officer. These meetings took


                                                                                                                                                     Governance
                                                                         a variety of forms including one-on-one and group sessions,
                                                                         participation in panels, and walking tours organised in some cases
                                                                         by brokers. In Hong Kong, the Group carried out extensive face-to-
                                                                         face, online and radio interactions with stock commentators and
                                                                         retail brokers. In Europe, the Group uses a specialist firm to access
                                                                         under-serviced institutions, retail stockbrokers and private wealth
Investors                                                                management offices.
                                                                         We also held 14 group and individual investor meetings as part
                                                                         of our roadshows following half-year 2022, including in-person




                                                                                                                                                     Directors’ remuneration report
Why investors matter to Prudential                                       meetings in Hong Kong with investors and stock commentators.
The Board is committed to the long-term delivery of shareholder          During the third and fourth quarter, we attended Emerging Market
returns through a combination of value appreciation and dividends,       investor conferences in Asia and had interactions with hedge funds,
and to the delivery to credit investors of their contractual rights to   family private wealth offices and sovereign wealth funds as well as
servicing and principal. Securing our investors’ trust through regular   more traditional institutional investors.
engagement promotes their ongoing investment and support.
                                                                         Investor relations activity in 2023 is expected to include the
How the Board engages and communicates with investors                    introduction of Anil Wadhwani, the new Chief Executive Officer,
and understands their interests, needs and concerns                      and supporting analysts and investors with the new IFRS 17
The Group seeks to maintain an open and active dialogue with             accounting framework.
investors. This ensures that the Group’s strategy is well understood     We will continue to host a number of tailored and thematic investor
by the market and that investors’ perspectives and concerns are          relations events during 2023 for investors and research analysts,
communicated to the Board.




                                                                                                                                                     Financial statements
                                                                         including face-to-face meetings and live webcasts with business
The Board is kept aware of major shareholder matters and concerns        unit leaders.
through a variety of sources including regular reporting by the Chief    We continue to support an increase in liquidity on the Hong Kong
Executive Officer, the Group Chief Financial Officer and the Chief of    line of stock (ticker 2378 HK) including the facilitation of transfers of
Investor Relations.                                                      shareholdings from the London line and are engaging with both the
The Chair holds an annual programme of engagement with                   Hong Kong Stock Exchange and market participants to achieve this.
major shareholders in respect of governance and strategic matters,       Nearly half of our coverage analysts are now located in the Asia
with the Chair attending over 20 investor meetings in 2022.              region. We will continue working with Asian-based research
                                                                         franchises to further increase the number of commentators located




                                                                                                                                                     European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
The Chair updates the Board on key themes emerging from her
meetings which, during 2022, included CEO succession, changes            close to our operating markets and those who actively cover our
within the Board and leadership positions, various ESG topics and,       Asian regional peers. At the same time we continue to provide
following the strategic transformation of the Group, the Group’s         support to the European research teams.
ability to execute its strategy and operate effectively in its key
                                                                         The impact that engagement with investors
markets given the challenging macro and geopolitical environment.
                                                                         has on Board decision-making
The Remuneration Committee Chair conducts an annual                      The Board regularly discusses investor views as part of its decision-
engagement exercise with key shareholders and proxy agencies             making and seeks to deliver long-term sustainable value for
on the Directors’ Remuneration Policy and its implementation and         investors, whilst also taking into account the interests of other
reports to the Committee in detail on the feedback provided and          stakeholders. Regular engagement with investors by the Chair
to the Board on key themes. The Committee’s advisors also provide        and management, with time allocated in each scheduled Board
updates on major investor and proxy agency views which the               meeting for the reporting of feedback, ensured that their views
Committee takes into account when making decisions.                      were heard in the boardroom and that the Board’s strategy and
                                                                         approach to key decisions was understood by investors.
The Senior Independent Director and the Committee Chairs
also held meetings with investors during 2022 and all Directors
attended the Annual General Meeting (AGM).




                                                                                                                                                     Additional information




                                                                                                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    171
UK Companies Act, Section 172 Statement / continued




                                                                        customers. The Board heard from the HR team and colleagues on
                                                                        how they were embedding the Group’s purpose and culture in
                                                                        building a vibrant community that fosters innovation,
                                                                        collaboration, and diversity and inclusion.
                                                                        The Board also heard directly from, and interacted with, members
                                                                        of the talent pools from Prudential Singapore and Eastspring and
                                                                        learnt more about how the organisation is helping them
                                                                        individually to Connect, Grow and Succeed.
                                                                        In addition, holding Board meetings in person in London, Hong
                                                                        Kong and Singapore provided opportunities for Directors to engage
                                                                        with senior management and other colleagues and obtain direct
                                                                        insights into business operations, strengths and challenges, and
                                                                        how the Group’s purpose and values are embedded in the business.
                                                                        Collaboration Jam III

 Workforce
                                                                        The Jam III was a 72-hour crowd-sourced conversation online,
                                                                        supported by external advisers HSM, with over 8,000 colleagues
                                                                        participating to explore themes around building a collective sense
                                                                        of identity and belonging.
 Why the workforce matters to Prudential                                A summary of insights emerging from the Jam was presented to
 Our people have always been our most important asset and their         the RSWG, including HSM’s conclusions and recommendations.
 engagement is fundamental to our ability to attract the people we      HSM provided insight into how the Group’s values, brand and
 want, retain our current employees and motivate them to achieve        supportive culture were contributing towards a strong sense of
 success for themselves and the Group. To support its strategic         belonging, particularly at a local level, and how further focus on
 goals, the Board’s focus is on creating a culture of inclusivity and   networking, social connections and recognition was needed to
 diversity which supports the workforce and fosters an environment      progress this further at a Group-wide level. Participants had
 in which employees can connect, grow and succeed.                      identified the critical role of senior leaders in helping to foster
                                                                        belonging as part of a wider Prudential and shared their views on
 How the Board engages and communicates with the workforce              the leadership behaviours required in order to build that greater
 and understands their interests, needs and concerns                    sense of belonging.
 The Board and Group Executive Committee (GEC) use a range of
 formal and informal methods to engage, communicate and                 The RSWG discussed with management effective ways of bringing
 understand the views of the workforce. In May 2021, the RSWG           people together across multinational organisations and how the
 assumed responsibility for leading the programme of workforce          desired leadership values and behaviours were being embedded
 engagement and, along with other Non-executive Directors, the          through leadership development programmes.
 RSWG participated in workforce engagement activities.                  Transformative journey graduation sessions
 Prior to May 2021, the Board had appointed two ‘Designated NEDs’       Various Board members participated in graduation sessions for
 as its main method for employee engagement. However, having            groups of colleagues completing a leadership development
 reflected at that time on the experience of the Designated NEDs,       programme designed to deepen participants’ self-awareness and
 the Board preferred to adopt a more collective approach. This          empower them to lead with authenticity and purpose.
 enables more Directors to interact directly with the workforce,        Participating in these sessions gave Directors an opportunity to
 hear employees’ views and questions, and help embed the                hear how leaders were being impacted by the programme and how
 organisational culture. The Board is satisfied that the current        it was supporting them in their leadership journeys. It also enabled
 arrangements are effective and will continue to monitor them           them to assess the effectiveness of this key programme in
 on a periodic basis.                                                   developing future leaders who are strongly aligned with the Group’s
 A summary of key workforce engagement activities during the            purpose and values. In light of the success of the programme and
 year is set out below. In addition to its direct engagement with       Board members’ positive feedback, it will continue to be run in 2023.
 the workforce, the Board receives regular updates on employee          Diversity & Inclusion Council meetings
 matters from the Chief Executive Officer, Group HR Director and        The D&I Council is co-chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and the
 local business leaders. The RSWG reviews in detail the output from     Group HR Director and comprises 17 leaders from across the Group.
 the annual employment engagement survey and the Collaboration          It is responsible for defining a global D&I strategy, promoting and
 Jam and discusses follow-up actions with management, and this          championing D&I initiatives in respective businesses, and
 is also discussed at Board meetings.                                   challenging the organisation.
 Board visits                                                           The RSWG has been regularly updated on the Council’s meetings
 As part of the Board’s visit to Singapore in April, Board members      and the Group’s D&I initiatives. Through attendance at D&I
 were able to spend time with management teams from Singapore,          Council meetings, Non-executive Directors have been able to
 Indonesia and Malaysia, as well as from Head Office in Hong Kong       see directly how the Council is fulfilling its role and gained a better
 and London and the India Joint Venture. The visit involved an          understanding of the progress being made on initiatives in support
 extensive programme of interactive sessions which included a focus     of the Group’s goal to empower employees and create a sense
 on ‘colleagues, talent and capabilities’. Colleagues from Prudential   of belonging through respect and appreciation of differences.
 Singapore hosted sessions that showcased how the company was
 bringing to life the Group’s employee value proposition – Connect,
 Grow, Succeed – in order to prepare colleagues to better serve


172              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                             Group overview




Workforce continued
                                                                      The impact that engagement with the workforce



                                                                                                                                             Strategic report
                                                                      has on Board decision-making
Focus on areas of staff attrition
                                                                      The Board and RSWG discussed with management the output
The Board and RSWG have been regularly updated on any areas
                                                                      of the annual Group-wide employee engagement survey and
of heightened staff attrition levels and seek to understand the
                                                                      the Collaboration Jam and how feedback was being addressed
key drivers (external and internal) and the actions being taken
                                                                      in people initiatives. They also received regular updates on people
by management to address them.
                                                                      issues and discussed with management the various ongoing
Given their significance to the Group, the RSWG focused in            initiatives to support the workforce, including to support staff
particular on the Hong Kong life business (PHKL) and Eastspring.      wellbeing, to embed the Group’s values and desired behaviours
Following presentations from management to the RSWG in July,          throughout the organisation, and to develop talent and a diverse


                                                                                                                                             Governance
Jeremy Anderson visited PHKL and Jeanette Wong and Chua Sock          and inclusive workplace. Employee areas of focus are set out in
Koong visited Eastspring and met with small groups of employees       more detail in the ESG Report on pages 109 to 116.
in order to better understand workforce concerns and how these
                                                                      Through these engagements, the Board has gained deeper insight
were being addressed. They provided feedback to local
                                                                      into the Group’s operations across different markets, the strengths
management teams and agreed follow-up actions where
                                                                      of the local businesses and the challenges they face; how well the
appropriate.
                                                                      Group’s purpose and values are embedded within the leadership
                                                                      and across the business; as well as issues that are affecting
                                                                      employees. Conversely, employees have had an opportunity
                                                                      to gain a better understanding of the Board’s perspective and




                                                                                                                                             Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                      areas of interest, and to provide direct feedback on matters of
                                                                      importance to them or their area of the business.




                                                                      In November 2022, members of the Board and the GEC engaged
                                                                      in discussions with the Regulatory College of Supervisors, which
                                                                      includes regulators from the key markets in which we operate, on
                                                                      the Group’s strategy and key business initiatives. Feedback from the
                                                                      Regulatory College of Supervisors will be presented to the Board by
                                                                      the Hong Kong IA in early 2023, allowing the Board to engage




                                                                                                                                             Financial statements
                                                                      directly with the Hong Kong IA on the concerns and focus areas
                                                                      identified by the Regulatory College of Supervisors. In addition to
                                                                      the main Regulatory College meeting, at the Hong Kong IA’s
                                                                      request, information sharing sessions were held during the course
                                                                      of the year in which management presented to College members
                                                                      on IFRS 17, conduct risk, Group top risks, and Pulse/Digitalisation.
                                                                      In addition, Directors, GEC members (in particular the Group Chief
                                                                      Risk & Compliance Officer) and other key persons in control
                                                                      functions meet with the Hong Kong IA on a periodic basis and an




                                                                                                                                             European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                                      agreed range of Board management information is shared with the
Regulators                                                            Hong Kong IA. Discussions cover areas such as capital, risk
                                                                      management, updates on key projects, leadership changes, and
                                                                      governance issues impacting Prudential and the industry.
Why regulators matter to Prudential                                   The Board receives regular updates on our key engagements
Regulators regulate and supervise the insurance and asset             with the Hong Kong IA and on their views and areas of focus.
management industries, promote its general stability and protect
policyholders.                                                        The impact that engagement with regulators
Prudential operates in highly regulated markets and is committed      has on Board decision-making
to maintaining a constructive and open relationship with all of its   During 2022, the Board discussed and approved various matters
regulators to ensure mutual trust, respect and understanding.         and documents required under the GWS Framework, including
                                                                      the Group’s Own Risk and Solvency Assessment. The direct
                                                                      engagement that the Board has with the Hong Kong IA and
How the Board engages and communicates with regulators                other regulators, along with the reporting to the Board on matters
and understands their interests, needs and concerns                   relating to the Hong Kong IA and other regulators, allows the
Prudential is a designated insurance holding company under            Board to take the regulator’s concerns into account in their




                                                                                                                                             Additional information
the Hong Kong Insurance Authority’s (IA) Insurance Ordinance          decision‑making and oversight of the Group.
and is subject to the Hong Kong IA’s Group-wide Supervision
(GWS) Framework.




                                                                                             Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   173
UK Companies Act, Section 172 Statement / continued




                                                                            Prudential continued to engage through the UK government’s
                                                                            COP26 Presidency in 2022, through to the Egyptian-hosted COP27
                                                                            Summit with a particular focus on transition finance and the role of
                                                                            the private sector in supporting a just and inclusive transition in
                                                                            emerging markets. Working towards COP27, we engaged with the
                                                                            UN, especially the High-Level Climate Champions, and through
                                                                            organisations such as the Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero
                                                                            and non-governmental partners. Further details in respect of the
                                                                            Group’s engagement with industry bodies and regional advocacy
                                                                            work in support of a just transition is set out in the ESG Report,
                                                                            pages 104 to 108.
                                                                            In 2023, we will be supporting existing partnerships such as the UN-
                                                                            convened Net Zero Asset Owner Alliance, Insurance Development
                                                                            Forum and High Level Champions ahead of COP28.
                                                                            Wider society
 Governments and                                                            Alongside the work we do to engage with governments, we engage
                                                                            directly with the communities in which we operate.
 the wider society                                                          Our approach to community investment and engagement is
                                                                            guided by our Group-wide Community Investment Policy and the
                                                                            Group’s ESG strategy. Within this framework, our businesses have the
                                                                            autonomy to manage their own community investment
 Why governments and wider society matter to Prudential                     programmes. The Prudence Foundation regularly reviews our strategy
 Governments and policymakers in the markets in which we operate            and funding for community investment programmes with the aim of
 are key stakeholders, setting and shaping the business and policy          maximising positive outcomes in the regions where we operate. The
 environment for the products and services we deliver, the                  RSWG oversees our community engagement and investment
 investments we make, and the value we can contribute to                    activities on behalf of the Board. In 2022, the RSWG received detailed
 individuals, families, communities and the wider economy.                  updates on the activities of the Prudence Foundation and its
 As part of our commitment to help people get the most out of life,         aspirations for 2023 and beyond, and discussed the alignment of the
 we support communities where we operate, by making healthcare              Foundations’ objectives to the Group ESG strategy and how to assess
 affordable and accessible, offering savings and protection                 the impact of its activities. In addition, the Board met with leaders
 products, paying tax revenues and delivering community support             from the Prudence Foundation and local partners to hear about the
 activity, including through the work of the Prudence Foundation.           impact the Foundation is having in improving financial literacy
                                                                            through its flagship Cha-Ching programme.
 How the Board engages and communicates with governments                    As Covid-19 moved from a pandemic to endemic disease in many
 and wider society and understands their interests, needs                   of our markets through 2022, we worked to understand the specific
 and concerns                                                               impacts and concerns in our communities and contribute in a
 Governments                                                                meaningful way, including further contributions through our
 We engage with governments in a range of ways, directly and                Covid-19 Relief Fund, alongside the Prudence Foundation’s
 through industry and membership organisations. This engagement             community initiatives focused on safety, disaster response, and
 helps us to better understand and inform approaches to                     financial literacy.
 international and local-level policy and regulations, and to support
 and contribute to sector and economic developments across the              The impact that engagement with the government and wider
 markets in which we operate. The Board regularly receives and              society has on Board decision-making
 discusses reporting on government, political and regulatory                Engagement with governments contributes to better
 developments from the Director of Group Government Relations.              understanding and analysis at the Board of the role we can play in
 Through 2022, as it became easier to travel and meet again in              our chosen markets and the impact of public policy and regulation
 person, we benefited from opportunities to meet with governments           on our strategy, the design and delivery of our products and
 and policymakers from across Asia and Africa, to discuss their             services, and our investments. It helps to inform the Board’s
 priorities, including for insurance and asset management, financial        opportunity and risk analysis and to better understand where we
 inclusion, sustainable finance, pandemic recovery, healthcare, and         can contribute to public policy goals.
 technology. We participated in a number of government and                  In the critical area of climate change, engagement with
 regulatory dialogues and consultations, including responding to the        governments and wider society has informed our approach to our
 strong focus on the role of the financial sector in a just and inclusive   ESG strategy and specifically the pathways for each of our markets,
 transition, particularly advocating and engaging on the range of           the challenges and opportunities, and the realities of securing a
 issues set out in our Just and Inclusive Transition White Paper.           just energy transition alongside wider development goals. As part
 Prudential’s Chair met with a range of government stakeholders             of its deep-dive discussion on the Group’s approach to climate
 during the World Bank and IMF Annual Meetings, as well as                  change, whilst recognising that some investors may want to see the
 contributing to wider financial sector government engagement               Group go further in terms of divestment, the Board agreed the
 as a member of the Board of the IIF.                                       Group’s positioning as a supporter of a just and inclusive transition.
                                                                            This is in line with the Group’s purpose and considered to be in the
                                                                            best interests of the Group’s stakeholders taken as a whole.




174              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                   prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                               Group overview




                                                                       Payment terms
                                                                       In order to demonstrate Prudential’s ongoing commitment


                                                                                                                                               Strategic report
                                                                       to supporting its supply chain, through the difficult trading
                                                                       circumstances triggered by the global pandemic, Prudential
                                                                       continued to provide payment assistance in 2022 to our
                                                                       small suppliers.
                                                                       Prudential’s standard contractual payment terms in the UK provide
                                                                       for payment to suppliers within 30 days after the invoice date.
                                                                       In the most recent reporting period ending 31 December 2022,
                                                                       the average time taken to pay invoices was consistent at 29 days.


                                                                                                                                               Governance
                                                                       For smaller suppliers with under 100 employees, our Small Supplier
                                                                       Accelerated Payment Scheme aims to pay suppliers in as little as
                                                                       10 days after the invoice date. The Scheme has now benefited over
                                                                       190 small suppliers since launch with payments of over £7 million in
                                                                       2022 to bring the total since launch to £20 million.

Suppliers                                                              The impact that engagement with suppliers has on Board
                                                                       decision-making
                                                                       The GTPSO Policy, which was approved by the Risk Committee,
                                                                       introduced Responsible Supplier Guidelines, which further promote




                                                                                                                                               Directors’ remuneration report
Why suppliers matter to Prudential                                     the development of a sustainable and ethical supply chain, with
Prudential uses third-party suppliers and outsourcing providers to     a particular emphasis on conducting due diligence on a service
allow us to focus on our core business strengths and reduce costs.     provider’s position and compliance with human rights, ethical and
We believe that the conduct of our suppliers reflects on us, and has   safe labour practices and local labour laws and wage standards
the potential to impact our standing, branding and reputation          for spend in categories considered to be of higher risk.
within the communities in which we operate.
                                                                       Following discussion by the RSWG, the Board decided to provide
How the Board engages and communicates with suppliers                  within the Company’s Modern Slavery Transparency Statement, on
and understands their interests, needs and concerns                    a voluntary basis, additional detail in respect of the steps we are
Modern slavery                                                         taking to detect and prevent Modern Slavery occurring within the
Prudential is committed to ensuring that slavery, human trafficking,   Group’s supply chain in Asia and Africa, not just in the UK. For more
child labour or any other abuse of human rights has no place in our    information, please refer to our most recent Modern Slavery




                                                                                                                                               Financial statements
organisation or supply chain. Management continue to carry out         Statement on our website.
a range of activities to enhance the Group’s approach to modern
slavery, not least through the implementation of responsible
supplier risk assessments and due diligence requirements within
the Group Third Party Supplier and Outsourcing Policy (GTPSO).
Our systems include due diligence checks in order to assess the risk
of dealing with a supplier that may be engaged in malpractice. We
pay particular attention to low-skilled labour areas which are known
’hot spots’ for Modern Slavery such as cleaning, catering and
clothing manufacture.




                                                                                                                                               European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results



                                                                       Strategic report approval by the Board of Directors
                                                                       The strategic report set out on pages 8 to 175 is approved
                                                                       by the Board of Directors.
                                                                       Signed on behalf of the Board of Directors




                                                                       Anil Wadhwani                                                           Additional information
                                                                       Chief Executive Officer
                                                                       15 March 2023

                                                                                                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   175
      Governance
      178 Chair’s governance statement
      180 Our leadership
      190 Corporate governance
      192 How we operate
      202 Risk management and internal control
      204 Committee reports
          204	Nomination & Governance
                Committee report
          211 Audit Committee report
          218	Risk Committee report
      223 Statutory and regulatory disclosures
      225 Index to principal Directors’ report
          disclosures




176          Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   prudentialplc.com
Group overview   Strategic report   Governance   Directors’ remuneration report   Financial statements   European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results   Additional information
                                                                                                                                                                                177
                                                                                                                                                                                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022
Chair’s governance statement




                                                2022 was a year when we completed a period of significant corporate
                                                transactions and restructuring that has transformed Prudential.
                                                I would like to thank my fellow Board members, retired and current,
                                                for their commitment, hard work and support throughout the year
                                                and, indeed, since this phase of radical change began.
                                                The appointment of our new Chief Executive Officer, Anil Wadhwani,
                                                completed the shift of Prudential’s management to Asia, reflecting
                                                our transformation to focus on the growth markets there and in
                                                Africa. Given the importance of the decision to the future success of
                                                the company, all Non-executive Directors were involved in the
                                                decision-making process that resulted in Anil’s appointment. Building
                                                on previous work by the Nomination & Governance Committee, the
                                                Board conducted a thorough and robust search process, considering
                                                the best internal and external talent with the support of the external
                                                search firm, Egon Zehnder. Candidates were interviewed by all
                                                Non-executive Directors and subject to full independent assessments
                                                and extensive referencing. Our key criteria were deep understanding
                                                of, and operating experience in, insurance across our key Asian
                                                markets and the skills to lead and develop a customer-centric,
                                                performance-driven culture. Following an extensive and rigorous
                                                search, the Non-executive Board members unanimously identified
                                                Anil as the best candidate. He has more than 30 years’ experience,
                                                predominantly in Asia, including in insurance and as a customer-
                                                centric people leader with a strong track record of creating and
                                                driving a culture of success, significant and proven digital experience,
                                                and the leadership skills required to take the company through the
We want to ensure that our governance           next phase of its journey, building on the strong platform that we
is an enabler of, and support to, Anil and      have created.

the senior management team’s success            Alongside this key management change, we recognised some time
                                                ago that the changes to our organisational focus and footprint
in leading the company to deliver on the        meant changing the composition, focus and culture of the Board and
promise of our growth strategy to create        its committees. These continuing changes are set out in the
                                                Nomination & Governance Committee report. As the Board
long-term value for our shareholders and        composition has changed to reflect the Group’s transformation, we
to serve all our stakeholders.                  have worked to ensure we do not lose the experience and insights
                                                gained from our long-standing commitment to strong governance as
                                                a core pillar of our resilience.
                                                In transforming the business and the Board, we benefited hugely
                                                from the greater ability to travel through the course of the year, with
                                                the return of in-person engagement and interaction, building and
                                                re-building personal connections as a Board and with our
                                                management teams across the Group. This enabled us to better
                                                understand the different perspectives and expectations of a range of
                                                stakeholders who are important to our success as a business.
                                                As well as its composition, the Board’s agenda and ways of working
                                                have also changed to reflect the transformed company’s needs.
                                                Through 2022, we continued to conduct deep dives into each market
                                                presented by local leadership on a rotating basis to enable a clearer
                                                understanding of the performance, strategy, opportunities and risks
                                                facing each of the businesses, as well as increasing dialogue between
                                                Group and subsidiary boards to share understanding and experience.
                                                We received regular updates on cross-cutting issues so the Board
                                                could support management as they enhanced the operational focus,
                                                synergies and risk management across the Group to realise the
                                                promise of our re-focused strategy, which was energetically led by
                                                Mark FitzPatrick through the year.




178         Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                            prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                     Group overview




These subjects have included agency productivity, bank distribution,        Focus in 2023
our technology strategy, digital adoption opportunities and                 With Anil’s arrival, we want to ensure that our governance is an



                                                                                                                                                     Strategic report
challenges, trends in persistency and its implications, and people          enabler of, and support to, his and the senior management team’s
issues such as how we are managing stress, well-being and attrition,        success in leading the company to deliver for our customers, invest in
and the impact of the pandemic and cost of living crisis on our             our capabilities, technology and people, and realise the promise of
customers. We ensured appropriate time and consideration was                our growth strategy to create long-term value for our shareholders
given to understanding the impact of regulatory changes affecting           and to serve all our stakeholders.
the Group, particularly IFRS 17, and risks such as those relating to
cyber security.                                                             We will continue to work on developing a performance-driven culture,
                                                                            aligned to our values and necessary to support our transformation.
As I reported last year, we created the Board Responsibility &              This underpins the ways we work, ensuring we have the diversity of
Sustainability Working Group (RSWG) in 2021 with particular                 experience and perspectives, with our people truly included and


                                                                                                                                                     Governance
focus in its first phase on how we created, embedded and reported           supported in their ambitions, able to contribute fully to the company
on Prudential’s role in, and targets for, a just and inclusive transition   and, critically, to serve our customers.
on climate change, and on people issues.
                                                                            Given the external challenges I described in my opening statement,
In 2022, our attention to climate change continued unabated. With           we are focused on the careful management of key risks which are set
our climate change policies more mature, we were able to move               out further in the Risk Committee report, as well as adapting to
the oversight of environmental and climate-related issues, including        changes in regulatory and reporting requirements such as IFRS 17,
the Group’s external commitments and their embedding into the               which is discussed further in the Audit Committee report.
business, into the regular agenda of the Risk Committee, with its
terms of reference updated to ensure a holistic approach to this area.      I look forward to welcoming you at our Annual General Meeting




                                                                                                                                                     Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                            at 10.30 UK /17.30 HK on 25 May.
Following detailed discussions at the Board of our approach to
climate change, and the progress towards the Group’s externally
communicated climate-related commitments set out in our 2022
ESG Report, recognising the evolving expectations of stakeholders,
the Board agreed the need for clear communication around
Prudential’s role in emerging markets. As a significant investor and
asset owner with long-term investment horizons and liabilities, we          Shriti Vadera
believe we are in a position to support a just and inclusive transition     Chair
for and within emerging markets. We articulated this in 2022 through
the development of a white paper which defined the case for a just
and inclusive transition, and its place in meeting the Paris Agreement.
The paper explored case studies and further actions required, both




                                                                                                                                                     Financial statements
from ourselves, the wider market and a range of stakeholders.
With climate now under the terms of reference of the Risk Committee,
we have changed the RSWG to include focus on Customers and
Digital, in addition to its existing role with respect to People, Culture
and Communities. These are deeply inter-linked issues at the heart
of our future success: for example, how we ensure truly embedded
customer-centricity as the critical underpinning of our business and
conduct; how we use technology to support our people and agents
to deliver for our customers better; and how our culture, talent and




                                                                                                                                                     European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
capabilities need to develop in order to deliver these objectives and
be nurtured through the pressures and stretch of change.
With Alice Schroeder’s departure, George Sartorel now chairs the
RSWG. Arijit Basu and Claudia Suessmuth Dyckerhoff were appointed
to the RSWG on joining the Board, with Jeremy Anderson stepping
down from it on 31 March 2023 after the publication of the ESG
Report, in light of his appointment as Senior Independent Director
from the AGM in May 2023.




                                                                                                                                                     Additional information




                                                                                                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   179
Our leadership




Board of Directors


 Changes to the Board                                         Changes to Board Committee and
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer          Working Group membership:
 Mike Wells retired from his role as Group Chief Executive    Audit Committee
 and stepped down from the Board on 31 March 2022.            > On 1 May 2022, Chua Sock Koong stepped down
 Mark FitzPatrick, previously Group Chief Financial Officer     from the Audit Committee.
 and Chief Operating Officer, took up the role of Group       > On 1 September 2022, Arijit Basu joined the
 Chief Executive on an interim basis until 24 February          Audit Committee.
 2023 when he stepped down from the Board. On
 25 February 2023, Anil Wadhwani joined the Board and         Nomination & Governance Committee
 assumed the role of Chief Executive Officer.                 > On 1 May 2022, George Sartorel and Chua Sock
                                                                Koong joined the Nomination & Governance
 James Turner, who performed the role of Group Chief
                                                                Committee and Tom Watjen stepped down from
 Risk and Compliance Officer since 2018, became Group
                                                                the Committee.
 Chief Financial Officer on 1 April 2022 when Mark took
 up the role of Group Chief Executive on an interim basis.    > On 16 November 2022, Jeremy Anderson joined
 On 16 November 2022, Prudential announced a change             the Nomination & Governance Committee.
 to the structure of the Board composition and the role of
                                                              Remuneration Committee
 Group Chief Financial Officer is no longer a Board role,
                                                              > On 1 May 2022, Ming Lu joined the Remuneration
 effective from 1 January 2023. James continues as a
                                                                Committee.
 member of the Group Executive Committee.
                                                              > On 26 May 2022, Chua Sock Koong succeeded
 Non-executive Directors                                        Anthony Nightingale as Chair of the Remuneration
 As part of the regular refresh of Board membership,            Committee. Sock Koong served on the Remuneration
 a number of Non-executive Directors reached the end            Committee as a member since May 2021.
 of their tenure and were succeeded by new Directors
 with skills required to execute the Group strategy going     Risk Committee
 forward. Each Director’s relevant skills and experience      > On 1 May 2022, George Sartorel joined the Risk
 is set out in their biography and more information on          Committee and Ming Lu stepped down from
 succession planning can be found on pages 205 to 207.          the Committee.
                                                              > On 1 January 2023, Claudia Suessmuth Dyckerhoff
 > Alice Schroeder and Anthony Nightingale retired from         joined the Risk Committee.
   the Board at the conclusion of the last Annual General
   Meeting (AGM) on 26 May 2022.                              Responsibility & Sustainability Working Group
 > Philip Remnant and Tom Watjen will retire from the         > On 1 May 2022, George Sartorel joined the RSWG and
   Board following the conclusion of the next AGM on            succeeded Alice Schroeder as Chair of the RSWG on
   25 May 2023. Jeremy Anderson will succeed Philip as          26 May 2022, following her retirement at the
   Senior Independent Director at the conclusion of the         conclusion of the AGM.
   2023 AGM.                                                  > On 1 September 2022, Arijit Basu joined the RSWG.
 > On 14 January 2022, George Sartorel joined                 > On 1 January 2023, Claudia Suessmuth Dyckerhoff
   the Board.                                                   joined the RSWG.
 > On 1 September 2022, Arijit Basu joined the Board.         > On 31 March 2023, Jeremy Anderson will step down
 > On 1 January 2023, Claudia Suessmuth Dyckerhoff              from the RSWG.
   joined the Board.
 The composition of the Prudential Corporation
 Asia Limited board of directors mirrors the
 Prudential plc Board.




180              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                   prudentialplc.com
                                    Committee and Working Group membership



                                                                                                                                             Group overview
                                    A    Audit Committee                            N    Nomination & Governance Committee
                                    Ri   Risk Committee                             Rs   Responsibility & Sustainability Working Group
                                    Re   Remuneration Committee                          Committee Chair




Chair and Chief Executive Officer


                                                                                                                                             Strategic report
                                    Appointments
                                    > Board: May 2020
                                    > Chair of the Board: January 2021
                                    > Chair of the Nomination & Governance Committee: January 2021 (member since May 2020)

                                    Shriti is a standing attendee at meetings of the Audit, Remuneration and Risk Committees and
                                    the RSWG.




                                                                                                                                             Governance
                                    Relevant skills and experience
                                    Shriti brings senior boardroom experience and leadership skills at complex organisations, including
                                    extensive experience in the financial services sector, with international operations and at the
                                    highest level of international negotiations between governments and in multilateral organisations.
                                    She contributes her wide-ranging and global experience in economics, public policy and strategy,
                                    as well as her deep understanding and insight into global and emerging markets and the
                                    macro-political and economic environment.

Shriti Vadera                       Shriti was chair of Santander UK Group Holdings, Senior Independent Director at BHP and a
                                    Non-executive Director of Astra Zeneca. Between 2009 and 2014, she undertook a wide range of
Chair




                                                                                                                                             Directors’ remuneration report
                                    assignments, such as advising the South Korean Chair of the G20, two European countries on the
Age: 60                             Eurozone and banking crisis, the African Development Bank on infrastructure financing and a
N
                                    number of global investors and sovereign wealth funds on strategy and economic and market
                                    developments.
                                    From 2007 to 2009, Shriti was a Minister in the UK government, serving in the Cabinet Office,
                                    Business Department and International Development Department. She led on the UK
                                    government’s response to the global financial crisis and its Presidency of the G20. From 1999
                                    to 2007 she was a member of HM Treasury’s Council of Economic Advisers.
                                    Shriti’s career began with 15 years in investment banking with SG Warburg/UBS, where she had
                                    a strong focus on emerging markets. Shriti holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Philosophy, Politics and
                                    Economics from Oxford University.




                                                                                                                                             Financial statements
                                    Current key external appointments
                                    > Chair, The Royal Shakespeare Company
                                    > Institute of International Finance, Board Member


                                    Appointments
                                    > Board: February 2023
                                    > Chief Executive Officer: February 2023




                                                                                                                                             European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                    Anil is a standing attendee at meetings of the Audit, Nomination & Governance, Remuneration
                                    and Risk Committees and the RSWG.


                                    Relevant skills and experience
                                    Anil is a global financial services leader with more than 30 years’ experience, predominantly in Asia,
                                    combining strategic vision and execution in some of the world’s biggest companies. Most recently,
                                    as CEO of Manulife’s Asia region, he successfully grew and transformed its diversified and
                                    multi-channel business with significant market share gains in many key markets and made it the
                                    company’s largest source of core earnings. Anil also has significant and proven digital experience,
                                    having driven the modernisation of technology platforms across 13 markets in Asia in his
                                    previous role.
                                    Prior to this he spent 25 years with Citi in Asia Pacific, EMEA and the US, in a number of consumer
Anil Wadhwani                       financial services roles. Anil holds a Master’s Degree in Management Studies from the Somaiya
Chief Executive Officer             Institute of Management Studies and a Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce from the Narsee Monjee
Age: 54                             College of Commerce and Economics.




                                                                                                                                             Additional information




                                                                                         Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   181
Our leadership / continued




Non-executive Directors
                                                        Appointments
                                                        > Board: January 2013
                                                        > Senior Independent Director: January 2013
                                                        > Audit Committee (since January 2013)
                                                        > Nomination & Governance Committee (since January 2013)
                                                        > Remuneration Committee (since January 2013)

                                                        Philip is due to retire from the Board at the conclusion of the AGM on 25 May 2023.


                                                        Relevant skills and experience
                                                        Philip is a chartered accountant and brings substantial advisory, regulatory and listed company
                                                        experience to the Board, having worked in senior roles across the financial services sector, including
                                                        asset management, in the UK and Europe.
                                                        Philip was formerly a senior adviser at Credit Suisse and a Vice Chairman of Credit Suisse First
                                                        Boston Europe and Head of its UK Investment Banking Department. He was twice seconded to the
Lord Remnant (Philip) CBE                               role of Director General of the Takeover Panel and in May 2022 he retired from the Takeover Panel
FCA                                                     after serving as Deputy Chair for ten years.

Senior Independent Director                             Philip also held the office of Chair of The City of London Investment Trust plc and of M&G Group
                                                        Limited and served on the board of Severn Trent plc.
Age: 68
                                                        In 2008, Philip was Chair of the Shareholder Executive of the UK government. He served on the
A     N   Re
                                                        board of Northern Rock plc as one of two government appointed directors and on the board of UK
                                                        Financial Investments Limited.
                                                        Philip was awarded a CBE in 2011 for services to the financial services industry and to the public
                                                        sector. He is a fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and holds a
                                                        Master’s Degree in Law from Oxford University.
                                                        Current key external appointments
                                                        > Chair, Coutts & Co
                                                        > Member of the House of Lords


                                                        Appointments
                                                        > Board: January 2020
                                                        > Chair of the Risk Committee: May 2020 (member since January 2020)
                                                        > Audit Committee (since January 2020)
                                                        > Nomination & Governance Committee (since November 2022)
                                                        > Responsibility & Sustainability Working Group (until 31 March 2023)

                                                        Jeremy will succeed Philip Remnant as Senior Independent Director with effect from the
                                                        conclusion of the AGM on 25 May 2023, subject to re-election by shareholders.


                                                        Relevant skills and experience
                                                        Jeremy brings to the Board substantial leadership experience in the financial services sector across
                                                        Asia. He has extensive technical audit and risk management skills and experience, particularly
                                                        with regard to multinational companies.
                                                        Jeremy was formerly the Chairman of Global Financial Services at KPMG International having
Jeremy Anderson CBE                                     previously been in charge of its UK Financial Services Practice and held roles including Head of
Independent Non-executive                               Financial Services KPMG Europe, Head of Clients and Markets KPMG Europe and CEO of KPMG’s
                                                        UK consulting business. Jeremy served as a member of the Group Management Board of Atos
Director                                                Origin and as Head of its UK operations. Jeremy also served on the board of the UK Commission
Age: 64                                                 for Employment and Skills.
Ri    A   N    Rs                                       Jeremy was awarded a CBE in 2005 for his services to employment. He holds a Bachelor’s Degree
                                                        in Science (Economics) from University College London.
                                                        External listed company directorships
                                                        > Senior Independent Director, UBS Group AG (including its subsidiary, UBS AG)
                                                        Other current key external appointments
                                                        > The Kingham Hill Trust (trustee)
                                                        > The Productivity Group (non-executive director)




182                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                         prudentialplc.com
                            Committee members



                                                                                                                                     Group overview
                            A    Audit Committee                             N   Nomination & Governance Committee
                            Ri   Risk Committee                             Rs   Responsibility & Sustainability Working Group
                            Re   Remuneration Committee                          Committee Chair




                            Appointments
                            > Board: September 2022



                                                                                                                                     Strategic report
                            > Audit Committee (since September 2022)
                            > Responsibility & Sustainability Working Group (since September 2022)


                            Relevant skills and experience
                            Arijit has extensive experience in the banking and insurance industries in India following a career
                            at State Bank of India (SBI) spanning nearly 40 years.
                            Arijit retired as the managing director of SBI in September 2020 having joined in 1983. During his
                            career, he held a number of senior positions at the bank, across retail, corporate and international

                                                                                                                                     Governance
                            banking, business process re-engineering, IT and risk management. He was managing director and
                            chief executive officer of SBI Life Insurance Company (a subsidiary of SBI), one of India’s leading
                            life insurers, from 2014 until 2018 and took it public in 2017.
                            Since his retirement from SBI, Arijit has acted as a consultant, including advising the Life Insurance
                            Corporation of India on its 2022 IPO.
Arijit Basu                 Arijit is a Certified Associate of the Indian Institute of Bankers. He holds a Master’s Degree
Independent Non-executive   in History and a Bachelor’s Degree in Economics from the University of Delhi.
Director                    Current key external appointments




                                                                                                                                     Directors’ remuneration report
Age: 62                     > Chair, HDB Financial Services Ltd
A    Rs                     > Academic Advisory Council of the Reserve Bank of India (member)
                            > Peerless Hospitex Hospital and Research Center Ltd (non-executive director)




                                                                                                                                     Financial statements
                            Appointments
                            > Board: May 2021
                            > Chair of the Remuneration Committee: May 2022 (member since May 2021)
                            > Nomination & Governance Committee (since May 2022)

                            Sock Koong served as a member of the Audit Committee from May 2021 until May 2022.




                                                                                                                                     European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                            Relevant skills and experience
                            Sock Koong has more than 30 years’ experience in business leadership, operations, information
                            technology and digitalisation throughout Asia.
                            From 2007 to 2020, Sock Koong was Chief Executive Officer of Singapore Telecommunications
                            Limited (Singtel), Asia’s leading communications technology group, having previously held a
                            number of senior roles at the firm, including Treasurer, Chief Executive Officer International and
                            Group Chief Financial Officer, where she was responsible for Singtel’s financial functions, including
                            treasury, tax, insurance, risk management and capital management.
Chua Sock Koong             Sock Koong is a Fellow Member of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants and a
Independent Non-executive   Chartered Financial Analyst. She holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Accountancy from the University
                            of Singapore.
Director
Age: 65                     External listed company directorships
                            > Bharti Airtel Limited (including its parent Bharti Telecom Limited)
Re   N                      > Royal Philips NV
                            > Ayala Corporation




                                                                                                                                     Additional information
                            Other current key external appointments
                            > Cap Vista Pte Ltd (non-executive director)
                            > Defence Science and Technology Agency (non-executive director)
                            > Deputy Chair, The Singapore Public Service Commission
                            > The Singapore Council of Presidential Advisers (member)




                                                                                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    183
Our leadership / continued




Non-executive Directors / continued
                                                    Appointments
                                                    > Board: September 2015
                                                    > Chair of the Audit Committee: May 2017 (member since September 2015)
                                                    > Risk Committee (since May 2017)
                                                    > Remuneration Committee (since February 2021)

                                                    David served on the Nomination & Governance Committee from May 2017 until February 2021.


                                                    Relevant skills and experience
                                                    David has extensive technical knowledge and skills in audit, accounting and financial reporting
                                                    matters and experience across the Group’s key markets, and across a number of industry sectors,
                                                    particularly insurance.
                                                    David is a chartered accountant and spent almost 33 years working with Price Waterhouse and
                                                    PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC). During that time he was, amongst other things, the global leader
                                                    of PwC’s insurance practice, a partner in the UK firm, and worked as the lead audit partner for
David Law ACA                                       multinational insurance companies. He also led PwC’s insurance and investment management
                                                    assurance practice in London and the firm’s Scottish assurance division. After his retirement from
Independent Non-executive                           PwC, David became a director and Chief Executive Officer of L&F Holdings Limited and its
Director                                            subsidiaries, which is a professional indemnity captive insurance group which serves the PwC
Age: 62                                             network and its member firms. David retired from this role in June 2019.
A     Ri   Re                                       David is an Associate of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and holds
                                                    a Master’s Degree in Economics from the University of Edinburgh.


                                                    Appointments
                                                    > Board: May 2021
                                                    > Nomination & Governance Committee (since May 2021)
                                                    > Remuneration Committee (since May 2022)

                                                    Ming Lu served on the Risk Committee from May 2021 until May 2022.


                                                    Relevant skills and experience
                                                    Ming has over 30 years’ experience of investing and developing businesses throughout the
                                                    Asia Pacific region. He is the Head of Asia Pacific at KKR Asia Limited and is a Partner of Kohlberg
                                                    Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. He also serves as a member of the KKR Asian Private Equity Investment
                                                    Committee, KKR Asian Portfolio Management Committee and KKR Operating Committee.
                                                    Since 2018 he has played an important role in KKR’s Asia growth and expansion and has
                                                    served as a member of the Asia Infrastructure Investment Committee and Asia Real Estate
                                                    Investment Committee.

Ming Lu                                             Ming previously worked for CITIC, the largest direct investment firm in China, before moving to
                                                    Kraft Foods International Inc. He was president of Asia Pacific at Lucas Varity, and a partner at
Independent Non-executive                           CCMP Capital Asia (formerly J.P. Morgan Partners Asia), where he was responsible for investment
Director                                            in the automotive, consumer and industrial sectors across a number of countries throughout Asia.
Age: 64                                             Ming has also held directorships at Ma San Consumer Corporation, Mandala Energy Management
                                                    Pte Ltd, Weststar Aviation Service Sdn Bhd and MMI Technologies Pte Ltd. He was a non-executive
N     Re                                            director of Jones Lang LaSalle Inc from 2009-2021.
                                                    Ming holds a Master’s Degree in Business Administration from the University of Leuven and a
                                                    Bachelor’s Degree in Arts (Economics) from the Wuhan University of Hydroelectrical Engineering.
                                                    Current key external appointments
                                                    > KKR Asia Ltd (executive director)
                                                    > Goodpack Pte Ltd (KKR portfolio company)




184             Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                          prudentialplc.com
                               Committee members



                                                                                                                                         Group overview
                               A    Audit Committee                             N   Nomination & Governance Committee
                               Ri   Risk Committee                             Rs   Responsibility & Sustainability Working Group
                               Re   Remuneration Committee                          Committee Chair




                               Appointments
                               > Board: January 2022



                                                                                                                                         Strategic report
                               > Chair of the Responsibility & Sustainability Working Group: May 2022
                               > Nomination & Governance Committee (since May 2022)
                               > Risk Committee (since May 2022)


                               Relevant skills and experience
                               George has considerable operational expertise in insurance, following a career spanning 40 years
                               in the sector, mainly across the Asia Pacific region.
                               From 2014 to 2019 he was the regional Chief Executive Officer of Allianz’s Asia Pacific business,

                                                                                                                                         Governance
                               having previously held a range of senior roles for Allianz, including chief executive of Allianz Italy,
                               chief executive of Allianz Turkey, Global head of change programmes for the Allianz Group, general
                               manager of Allianz Malaysia, Allianz Australia and New Zealand. He also previously sat on the
                               Financial Advisory Panel of the Monetary Authority of Singapore from 2015 to 2019.
                               George began his career at Manufacturers Mutual Insurance in Australia. He holds a Master’s
George Sartorel                Degree in International Business Studies from the Heriot-Watt University.
Independent Non-executive      External listed company directorships
Director                       > Insurance Australia Group Limited




                                                                                                                                         Directors’ remuneration report
Age: 65
Rs   N    Ri




                               Appointments
                               > Board: January 2023
                               > Risk Committee (since January 2023)
                               > Responsibility & Sustainability Working Group (since January 2023)




                                                                                                                                         Financial statements
                               Relevant skills and experience
                               Claudia has considerable experience in the healthcare services and technology sectors across
                               China and the broader Asia-Pacific region.
                               Claudia joined the global consultancy firm McKinsey & Partners in 1995 and worked in a number
                               of senior roles. She was responsible for helping to build the firm’s healthcare Services and Systems
                               sector in Asia Pacific, including working with the Chinese Ministry of Health to help develop their
                               views on China’s national healthcare systems. Much of the client work during this period involved
                               transformation through technology, digital and data and her board experience in recent years
                               has helped her develop valuable insights around the implementation of this in healthcare services.




                                                                                                                                         European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                               She has experience across various Asian markets, in particular in China, having been based in
                               Shanghai for nearly 15 years and in Hong Kong for a further two years.
Claudia Suessmuth Dyckerhoff
Independent Non-executive      Claudia holds a PhD in Business Administration from the University of St. Gallen and a Master’s
                               Degree in Business Administration from CEMS/ESADE.
Director
                               External listed company directorships
Age: 56
                               > Ramsay Health Care Ltd
Ri   Rs                        > Clariant AG
                               > Roche Holding AG
                               Other current key external appointments
                               > Huma Therapeutics Ltd (non-executive director)
                               > QuEST Global Services Private Ltd (non-executive director)




                                                                                                                                         Additional information




                                                                                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    185
Our leadership / continued




Non-executive Directors / continued
                                                    Appointments
                                                    > Board: July 2017
                                                    > Remuneration Committee (since July 2017)
                                                    > Risk Committee (since November 2018)

                                                    Tom is due to retire from the Board at the conclusion of the AGM on 25 May 2023.


                                                    Relevant skills and experience
                                                    Tom has experience across the insurance, asset management and financial services industries,
                                                    as well as experience with listed companies.
                                                    Tom was formerly a director of Sun Trust Bank, an executive vice president and the chief financial
                                                    officer of Provident Companies Inc., a director of LocatorX Inc. and, following Provident’s merger
                                                    with Unum, president and chief executive officer of the renamed Unum Group. Tom started his
                                                    career at Aetna Life and Casualty before joining Conning & Company, an investment and asset
                                                    management provider, where he became a partner in the consulting and private capital areas. He
Thomas Watjen                                       joined Morgan Stanley in 1987, and became a managing director in its insurance practice. Tom
                                                    holds a Master’s Degree in Business Administration from the University of Virginia and a Bachelor’s
Independent Non-executive                           Degree in Economics from the Virginia Military Institute.
Director                                            External listed company directorships
Age: 68                                             > Arch Capital Group Limited
Re    Ri                                            Other current key external appointments
                                                    > Vice-Chair, Virginia Military Institute Board of Visitors




                                                    Appointments
                                                    > Board: May 2021
                                                    > Audit Committee (since May 2021)
                                                    > Risk Committee (since May 2021)
                                                    > Responsibility & Sustainability Working Group (since November 2021)


                                                    Relevant skills and experience
                                                    Jeanette brings to the Board operational skills and experience in the financial services sector,
                                                    following a career spanning more than 35 years across the South-East Asia Pacific region.
                                                    From 2008 to 2019, she led DBS Group’s institutional banking business, where she was responsible
                                                    for corporate banking, global transaction services, strategic advisory, and mergers and
                                                    acquisitions. Prior to this, Jeanette was the DBS Group’s chief financial officer from 2003 to 2008,
                                                    having previously been chief administrative officer. As part of her role at DBS Group, Jeanette held
                                                    non-executive director positions with ASEAN Finance Corporation, TMB Bank and the Bank of the
                                                    Philippine Islands. Jeanette began her career in Singapore at Banque Paribas before moving to
Jeanette Wong                                       Citibank and then J.P. Morgan in Singapore, where she held senior pan-Asian roles. She has
                                                    previously served as a non-executive director of Fullerton Fund Management Ltd and Neptune
Independent Non-executive                           Orient Lines Limited.
Director                                            Jeanette holds a Master’s Degree in Business Administration from the University of Chicago
Age: 63                                             and a Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration from the National University of Singapore.
A     Ri   Rs                                       External listed company directorships
                                                    > UBS Group AG (including its subsidiary, UBS AG)
                                                    > Singapore Airlines Limited
                                                    Other current key external appointments
                                                    > Council of CareShield Life (Chair)
                                                    > GIC Pte Ltd (member of risk committee)
                                                    > PSA International Pte Ltd (non-executive director)
                                                    > Singapore Securities Industry Council (member)




186             Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                          prudentialplc.com
                            Committee members



                                                                                                                                    Group overview
                            A    Audit Committee                            N    Nomination & Governance Committee
                            Ri   Risk Committee                             Rs   Responsibility & Sustainability Working Group
                            Re   Remuneration Committee                          Committee Chair




                            Appointments
                            > Board: September 2019



                                                                                                                                    Strategic report
                            > Audit Committee (since March 2021)

                            Amy served on the Remuneration Committee from September 2019 until March 2021.


                            Relevant skills and experience
                            Amy has extensive skills and experience in asset management, banking, insurance, and regulation
                            following a career spanning more than 40 years in China and South-east Asia. Amy was formerly a
                            non-executive director of Deutsche Börse AG, Temenos Group AG, Fidelity Funds, Vita Green, Hong


                                                                                                                                    Governance
                            Kong and an Executive Director of Reserves Management at the Hong Kong Monetary Authority.
                            From 2006 to 2010, Amy was chief executive officer of DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited, where
                            she was concurrently head of its wealth management group and previously chair of DBS asset
                            management. Amy began her career at the Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, going
                            on to hold senior appointments at Rothschild Asset Management and Citibank Private Bank.
                            From 1996 to 2006, Amy held various senior positions at the Hong Kong Monetary Authority.
Amy Yip
Independent Non-executive   Amy holds a Master’s Degree in Business Administration from Harvard Business School and a
                            Bachelor’s Degree in Arts (History) from Brown University.
Director




                                                                                                                                    Directors’ remuneration report
                            External listed company directorships
Age: 71
                            > EFG International AG (including its subsidiary, EFG Bank AG)
A
                            Other current key external appointments
                            > AIG Insurance Hong Kong Limited (non-executive director)




                                                                                                                                    Financial statements
Company Secretary

Tom Clarkson                Appointments
                            > Company Secretary: August 2019
Company Secretary
Age: 47
                            Relevant skills and experience
                            As the Company Secretary, Tom is a trusted adviser to the Board and plays a pivotal role in the
                            governance and administration of Prudential. Prior to his appointment as Company Secretary,




                                                                                                                                    European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                            Tom held a number of senior roles at Prudential, including Head of Compliance, Business Partners
                            and prior to that, Group Litigation & Regulatory Counsel.
                            Tom is a qualified solicitor, admitted to practice in England and Wales. Prior to joining Prudential,
                            he practised law at Herbert Smith LLP, London from 2002 to 2012, which included secondments to
                            Lloyds Banking Group and Royal Bank of Scotland.




                                                                                                                                    Additional information




                                                                                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   187
Our leadership / continued




Group Executive Committee
The Group Executive Committee is a management committee constituted to support the Chief Executive
Officer, who chairs the Committee. Members comprise the Chief Executive Officer, the Group Chief Financial
Officer, the Group Human Resources Director, the Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer, the Managing
Directors of the Strategic Business Groups and the Chief Executive Officer of Eastspring Investments Group.
For the purposes of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, Senior Management is defined as the members of the
Group Executive Committee.


Solmaz Altin                                          Relevant skills and experience
Managing Director, Strategic Business Group           Solmaz is Managing Director of the Strategic Business Group covering India, Indonesia, Malaysia,
Age: 49                                               the Philippines, Laos, Myanmar, Cambodia and Africa.
                                                      He is also accountable for our Digital and Technology functions and is driving the business
Appointments                                          transformation, accelerating our customer delivery through multi-channel models and
> Group Executive Committee: July 2022                strengthening our customer engagement platforms, including Pulse.
                                                      Solmaz joined Prudential as Group Strategic Transformation Officer in May 2022, bringing with
                                                      him 25 years’ experience of leading business change and growth in the financial services industry.
                                                      His most recent role before joining Prudential was as regional CEO, Asia-Pacific at Allianz.
                                                      Solmaz holds a Diplom-Ökonom, Banking and Economics from the University of Duisburg-Essen
                                                      and a Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration and Management from the University of
                                                      Technology Sydney.

Jolene Chen                                           Relevant skills and experience
Group Human Resources Director                        Jolene is the Group Human Resources Director for Prudential. She is also a Councillor of Prudence
Age: 63                                               Foundation, the community investment arm of Prudential in Asia.
                                                      Jolene has more than 30 years’ experience, including eight as Chief Human Resources Officer for
Appointments                                          Prudential Corporation Asia. Prior to joining Prudential she spent over 21 years with multinational
> Group Executive Committee: June 2019                companies in a variety of resourcing, organisational design, talent management, learning and
Jolene is also a standing attendee at meetings        development and human resources roles.
of the Remuneration and Nomination &                  Jolene is a graduate of the INSEAD International Directors Program and holds a Bachelor’s Degree
Governance Committees.                                in Pharmacy from the National University of Singapore.
Jolene is due to retire from her role on the
Group Executive Committee at the end of
March and will be succeeded by Catherine Chia.

Avnish Kalra CA                                       Relevant skills and experience
Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer               Avnish was appointed Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer in April 2022. He previously
Age: 55                                               held the position of Chief Risk Officer of Prudential Corporation Asia since July 2018 and was
                                                      responsible for regulatory compliance, risk management and corporate governance across all
Appointments                                          of the Group’s insurance and asset management businesses in Asia and Africa. He joined
> Group Executive Committee: April 2022               Prudential in August 2014.

Avnish is a standing attendee at meetings of the      Prior to joining Prudential, Avnish was the Asia Chief Risk Officer for Aviva for six years and has also
Board and of the Audit and Risk Committees.           worked at Bank of America for 14 years in various capital markets trading and risk roles across Asia.
                                                      Avnish is a Chartered Accountant by training, having worked with PwC in India and Ernst & Young
                                                      in Dubai.

Lilian Ng                                             Relevant skills and experience
Managing Director, Strategic Business Group           Lilian is Managing Director of the Strategic Business Group, responsible for the insurance
Age: 57                                               operations covering the Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan; and the Group-wide customer,
                                                      distribution and marketing strategy across the network of insurance businesses. Lilian spearheads
Appointments                                          the Group-wide customer strategy and the corresponding strategic framework for customer
> Group Executive Committee: July 2022                segmentation and proposition, distribution, marketing and customer care to deliver customer
                                                      success and drive customer advocacy.
                                                      Lilian is the Chair of the Board of Prudential Hong Kong Limited. She is also a Director of CITIC
                                                      Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited, Prudential BSN Takaful Berhad and Pulse Ecosystems
                                                      Pte. Ltd.
                                                      Lilian has been part of the Prudential family for over 20 years and has held a range of leadership
                                                      roles, including Chief Financial Officer of Prudential Hong Kong, Chief Operating Officer, Insurance
                                                      and Chief Executive, Insurance of Prudential Corporation Asia.
                                                      She is a Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries of Australia and holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Economics
                                                      from Macquarie University.



188               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                           prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                     Group overview




Seck Wai-Kwong                                 Relevant skills and experience



                                                                                                                                                     Strategic report
Chief Executive Officer, Eastspring            Wai-Kwong is Chief Executive Officer of Eastspring Investments Group, responsible for growing
Age: 67                                        the business, deepening investment capabilities and expanding Eastspring’s client base. Prior to
                                               joining Eastspring in April 2019, Wai-Kwong was CEO AsiaPacific for State Street Bank & Trust since
Appointments                                   2011. He joined State Street from the Singapore Exchange, where he was chief financial officer for
> Group Executive Committee: July 2022         eight years. He held senior-level positions in the Monetary Authority of Singapore, the Government
                                               of Singapore Investment Corporation (GIC), Lehman Brothers and DBS Bank.
                                               Wai-Kwong is a board member of GIC and serves on the Board Risk and Audit Committees. He is
                                               also chair of the Investment Committee and a trustee of the Singapore Police Force’s pension fund.
                                               He chairs the Future Leaders Council at the Wealth Management Institute and is a member of the


                                                                                                                                                     Governance
                                               Hong Kong University of Science and Technology’s Business School Advisory Council.
                                               Wai-Kwong holds a Master’s Degree in Business Administration from the Wharton School of the
                                               University of Pennsylvania and a Bachelor’s Degree in Economics, Econometrics and Operations
                                               Research from Monash University.

Dennis Tan                                     Relevant skills and experience
Managing Director, Strategic Business Group,   Dennis is Managing Director of the Strategic Business Group covering Singapore, Thailand
and CEO, Prudential Assurance Company,         and Vietnam.
Singapore




                                                                                                                                                     Directors’ remuneration report
                                               A veteran banker, Dennis has 26 years of experience in consumer banking spanning product
Age: 54
                                               development, segment management, marketing and sales and distribution.

Appointments                                   Prior to joining Prudential, he was with OCBC Bank for 10 years, of which seven were spent as head,
> Group Executive Committee: July 2022         consumer financial services. Dennis also spearheaded the growth of OCBC’s Premier Banking
                                               business in Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia and China as head of branch and group premier
                                               banking. He was also a member of OCBC Bank’s management committee.
                                               Dennis has been CEO of Prudential Singapore since March 2020. He is also Deputy President in
                                               the Life Insurance Association’s Management Committee, Council Member at IBF Singapore,
                                               Multilateral Healthcare Insurance Committee Member at Ministry of Health Singapore, Board
                                               Director at the Council for Third Age, and Board Member at the European Chamber of Commerce
                                               in Singapore.




                                                                                                                                                     Financial statements
                                               Dennis has completed the Asian Financial Leaders Programme from Temasek Management
                                               Services & Singapore Management University, the Investing in Alternative Investments Program
                                               at Yale School of Management and the Stanford Executive Program at the Stanford University
                                               Graduate School of Business. He holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Finance from Indiana University.

James Turner FSA FCSI FRM                      Relevant skills and experience
Group Chief Financial Officer                  James was appointed Group Chief Financial Officer in April 2022, having previously been the Group
Age: 53                                        Chief Risk and Compliance Officer since March 2018. For the period March 2018 to January 2023,
                                               James served as a Director on the Prudential plc Board. Having held senior positions at Prudential




                                                                                                                                                     European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Appointments                                   for over a decade, James has a wide-ranging understanding of the business and draws on previous
> Group Executive Committee: March 2018        experience across internal audit, finance, risk and compliance, as well as technical knowledge and
                                               skills relevant to his role.
> Group Chief Financial Officer: April 2022
                                               James joined Prudential as the Director of Group-wide Internal Audit and was appointed Director
James is a standing attendee at meetings
                                               of Group Finance in September 2015. He is a Director of Pulse Ecosystems Pte. Ltd. and Eastspring
of the Board and of the Audit and Risk
                                               Investments Group Pte. Ltd, which are wholly-owned Prudential subsidiaries.
Committees. He also attends Remuneration
Committee meetings for specific matters.       James is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, and a Financial
                                               Risk Manager (Global Association of Risk Professionals). He holds a Diploma from the Chartered
                                               Institute for Securities & Investment and a Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting and Finance from the
                                               Manchester Metropolitan University.




                                                                                                                                                     Additional information




                                                                                                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   189
Corporate governance




Corporate governance codes – statement of compliance                       Corporate governance principles
The Company has dual primary listings in Hong Kong (main board
listing) and London (premium listing) and has therefore adopted a
governance structure based on the Hong Kong and UK Corporate               1. Board leadership
Governance Codes (the HK and UK Codes). This report explains how           and company purpose                                Read more
the principles set out in the HK and UK Codes have been applied.
                                                                           A. Board promotes long-term value                  Strategic report
The Board confirms that, for the year under review, the Company
                                                                           and sustainability                                 Pages 10 to 175
has applied the principles and complied with the provisions of the
                                                                           The application of principle A and a
UK Code. The Company has also complied with the provisions of the
                                                                           description of how opportunities and risks to
HK Code, other than provision E.1.2(d) of the HK Code, which requires
                                                                           the future success of the business have been
companies, on a comply or explain basis, to have a remuneration
                                                                           considered and addressed (provision 1).
committee which makes recommendations to a main board on
the remuneration of non-executive directors. This provision is not         B. Purpose, Values and Strategy aligned            ESG Report
compatible with provision 34 of the UK Code, which recommends              with Culture                                       Pages 66 to 175
that the remuneration of non-executive directors be determined in          The Board is satisfied Prudential’s purpose,
accordance with the Articles of Association or, alternatively, by the                                                         Directors’
                                                                           values and strategy are aligned with its
Board. Prudential has chosen to adopt a practice in line with the                                                             Remuneration Report
                                                                           culture.
recommendations of the UK Code.                                                                                               Pages 228 to 279

The HK Code is available from www.hkex.com.hk                                                                                 Section 172 Statement
                                                                                                                              Pages 169 to 175
The UK Code is available from www.frc.org.uk
                                                                           C. Performance measures and controls               Governance Report
The table on the right contains references to disclosures in this Annual
                                                                           The responsibility for ensuring that the           Pages 193 to 195
Report and Accounts which will enable shareholders to evaluate how
                                                                           necessary resources are in place for
Prudential has applied the principles of the UK Code and complied                                                             Risk management
                                                                           Prudential to meet its objectives is delegated
with the more detailed provisions.                                                                                            and internal control
                                                                           to management.
                                                                                                                              Pages 202 to 203

                                                                           D. Engagement with stakeholders                    Section 172 Statement
                                                                           Prudential and its Board actively engage           Pages 169 to 175
                                                                           with shareholders and stakeholders
                                                                                                                              ESG Report
                                                                           throughout the year and consider their
                                                                                                                              Pages 66 to 175
                                                                           interests. Prudential’s key stakeholders are its
                                                                           customers, investors, workforce, regulators,
                                                                           governments and the wider society, and
                                                                           suppliers.

                                                                           E. Workforce policies and practices                Section 172 Statement
                                                                           Prudential has applied principle E and             (for provision 5)
                                                                           ensures that standards of business conduct         Pages 169 to 175
                                                                           and workforce policies are maintained which
                                                                                                                              ESG Report
                                                                           support the long-term sustainable success of
                                                                                                                              Pages 109 to 121
                                                                           Prudential. Employees are able to raise any
                                                                           matters of concern under the Company’s             Whistleblowing
                                                                           Speak Out process.                                 (Speak Out)
                                                                                                                              (for provision 6)
                                                                                                                              Page 216




190               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                      prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                             Group overview




                                                                                                                                                             Strategic report
2. Division of                                                              4. Audit, risk
responsibilities                                 Read more                  and internal control                               Read more

F. Role of the Chair                             Governance Report          M. Integrity of financial statements               Audit Committee Report
Shriti Vadera was independent on                 Page 194                   Prudential has formal and transparent              Pages 214 to 217
appointment when assessed against the                                       policies and procedures to ensure the
criteria in UK Code provision 10 (she was also                              independence and effectiveness of both
independent under HK Code criteria). There                                  internal and external audit functions. In
is no requirement for independence to be                                    accordance with DTR 7.1.3(5) the Board is

                                                                                                                                                             Governance
determined post appointment.                                                satisfied with the integrity of Prudential’s
                                                                            financial and narrative statements.
G. Division of responsibilities                  Governance Report
The Board comprises a majority of                Page 193                   N. Fair, balanced and understandable               Governance Report
independent Non-executive Directors. There                                  The Board has presented a fair, balanced           (including provision
                                                 Nomination
is a clear division of responsibility between                               and understandable assessment of                   27, 30 and 31)
                                                 & Governance
the Board and the executive management                                      Prudential’s position and prospects in this        Page 223
                                                 Committee Report
team.                                                                       Annual Report and Accounts.
                                                 Pages 206 to 207 and 209                                                      Audit Committee Report




                                                                                                                                                             Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                                                                               (including provision 26)
H. Non-executive Directors                       Nomination                                                                    Pages 211 to 217
As part of reviewing the performance of          & Governance
Non-executive Directors and recommending         Committee Report           O. Internal controls and risk management           Risk management
them for election by shareholders at the         Page 210                   The Board has established an effective             and internal control
AGM, the Board was satisfied that each                                      internal controls framework and risk               Pages 202 to 203
Non-executive Director has sufficient time to                               management framework, which are kept
                                                                                                                               Risk review
meet their board responsibilities.                                          under regular review.
                                                                                                                               Pages 49 to 63
I. Effective and efficient processes             Governance Report
The 2022 Board evaluation tested and             Pages 200 to 201
confirmed that the Board has the necessary
support and information to function                                         5. Remuneration                                    Read more




                                                                                                                                                             Financial statements
effectively and efficiently.
                                                                            P. Remuneration policies and practices             Directors’
                                                                            Prudential’s remuneration policies and             Remuneration Report
                                                                            practices support the achievement of the           Pages 228 to 279
3. Composition,                                                             Group’s strategy, promote long-term
                                                                            sustainable success and are aligned to its
succession and evaluation                        Read more                  purpose and values.

J. Appointments and succession planning          Nomination                 Q. Procedure for developing policy                 Directors’
The Board applied Principle J and provisions     & Governance               A formal and transparent procedure for the         Remuneration Report




                                                                                                                                                             European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
20 and 23 to appointment and succession          Committee Report           development of the remuneration policy is in       Pages 228 to 237
planning.                                        Pages 205 to 210           place and no director is involved in deciding
                                                                            their own remuneration outcome.
K. Skills, experience and knowledge              Directors’ biographies
The Board and its Committees have a              Pages 181 to 187           R. Independent judgement and discretion            The shareholder-approved
diverse combination of skills, experience and                               Directors exercise independent judgement           Directors’ Remuneration
knowledge.                                                                  and discretion when authorising                    Policy sets out the limited
                                                                            remuneration outcomes.                             circumstances in which the
L. Board evaluation, composition and             Governance Report                                                             Remuneration Committee
diversity                                        Pages 200 to 201                                                              may exercise discretion.
The annual Board evaluation confirmed                                                                                          The policy can be accessed
                                                 Nomination
the effectiveness of the Board and its                                                                                         on the Company’s website
                                                 & Governance
individual members. The Nomination &                                                                                           at www.prudentialplc.
                                                 Committee Report
Governance Committee considers Board                                                                                           com/investors/
(and committee) composition and diversity
                                                 (including provision 23)
                                                 Pages 205 to 208                                                              governance-and-policies/
throughout the year.                                                                                                           policies-and-statements




                                                                                                                                                             Additional information
                                                                                                                               Shareholders will vote on
                                                                                                                               an updated Directors’
                                                                                                                               Remuneration Policy at
                                                                                                                               the Annual General
                                                                                                                               Meeting on 25 May 2023.




                                                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022      191
How we operate




Board and Committee structure



                                                                          Shareholders




                                                                      Board of Directors
                 The Board is collectively responsible for establishing the purpose, values and strategy of the Group and for promoting
                                            the long-term success of Prudential for the benefit of our members
                                                                   and other stakeholders




           Audit                             Risk                          Remuneration                    Nomination &                     Responsibility &
         Committee                        Committee                         Committee                  Governance Committee                  Sustainability
 Assists the Board in meeting       Assists with the oversight of            Assists with the          Assists with the recruitment of      Working Group
    its responsibilities for the     the Group’s risk appetite,           implementation and           candidates for the Board and      Enables the Board to bring
     integrity of the Group’s         tolerance and strategy.               operation of the              the maintenance of an            additional focus to the
 financial reporting, including        Monitors current and               Remuneration Policy,            effective framework for        embedding of the Group’s
     the effectiveness of the       potential risk exposures, the    including the remuneration of     succession planning. Provides      ESG strategic framework
     internal control and risk        effectiveness of the risk          the Chair and the Chief           support and advice on          and oversight of people
 management system and for         management framework and            Executive Officer, as well as       corporate governance          initiatives, customers and
 monitoring the effectiveness      the Group’s adherence to the       overseeing the remuneration              arrangements.                        digital.
   and objectivity of internal          various risk policies.        arrangements of other staff         READ MORE ON PAGES              READ MORE ON PAGES
      and external auditors.          READ MORE ON PAGES                   within its purview.                204 TO 210                      179 TO 210
      READ MORE ON PAGES                  218 TO 222                    READ MORE ON PAGES                                                   AND 75 TO 134
          211 TO 217                                                        228 TO 279




                                                                    Chief Executive Officer
                                                 Responsible for the day-to-day management of the business




                                                               Group Executive Committee
                            The Group Executive Committee is our leadership team responsible for executing the strategy and
                                      supporting the Chief Executive Officer in the discharge of his responsibilities




192                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                               prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                        Group overview




Led by the Chair, the Board is collectively responsible for the overall     Delegation to management
leadership of the Group, its long-term sustainable success and for          Responsibility for the day-to-day management of the business and



                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
fostering and overseeing the embedding of culture. It does this by          implementation of strategy has been delegated to the Chief
setting the strategy and strategic objectives, approving capital            Executive Officer, within certain limits, for execution or further
allocations, annual budgets and business plans for the Group,               delegation by him in respect of matters which are necessary for the
overseeing the operations and monitoring financial performance and          effective day-to-day running and management of the business.
reporting. The Board establishes the Group’s purpose, values and            The Chief Executive Officer delegates authority to certain senior
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) policies, satisfying itself      executives through management reporting lines (principally to other
that these and the Group’s culture are aligned with strategy. Further,      members of the Group Executive Committee).
the Board is responsible for ensuring that an effective system of
internal control and risk management is in place, approving the             To support the ongoing evolution of the Group, Prudential appointed
Group’s overall risk appetite and tolerance and endorsing the               Solmaz Altin, Lilian Ng and Dennis Tan, the Managing Directors of


                                                                                                                                                        Governance
Directors’ Remuneration Policy for approval by shareholders.                the Strategic Business Groups, and Seck Wai-Kwong, the CEO of
                                                                            Eastspring to the membership of the Group Executive Committee.
To assist the Board in carrying out its functions, a substantial part       They joined existing members: the Chief Executive Officer; the Group
of the Board’s responsibilities is delegated to the Board’s principal       Chief Financial Officer; the Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer;
Committees, which comprise Non-executive Directors only. The                and the Group Human Resources Director. The Group Executive
Board’s principal Committees are the Audit Committee, Risk                  Committee meets on a weekly basis, supporting the Chief Executive
Committee, Remuneration Committee and the Nomination &                      Officer in the day-to-day management of the business and the
Governance Committee. In addition, the Responsibility &                     implementation of strategy.
Sustainability Working Group (RSWG) assists the Board with matters
                                                                            Strategic Business Groups bring together our mature and growth




                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ remuneration report
concerning the Group’s overall ESG Strategic Framework, including
engagement with the workforce. The Board receives regular updates           market businesses to drive and enable business performance,
on Committee and RSWG activities. In 2022, responsibility for               operational excellence and the sharing of best practices. The
oversight of matters relating to the impact of climate change and           Managing Directors of the Strategic Business Groups are each
responsible investment was transferred from the RSWG to the Risk            accountable for the business and operational results of the markets in
Committee. The Board requested that the RSWG increase its focus on          their Strategic Business Group and also for the Group-wide delivery of
customer, culture and digital strategy. The terms of reference for the      enabling functions. The CEO, Eastspring is responsible for the growth
Board and each of the Board’s Committees are available to view on           of Eastspring’s business and the delivery of its investment
our website www.prudentialplc.com                                           performance.

In addition to the principal Committees and the RSWG, the Board             Board size and roles
has established a Standing Committee which can meet as required             The Board’s size allows for decision-making to reflect a
to assist with any business of the Board. It is typically used for ad hoc   broad range of views and perspectives while allowing all
                                                                            Directors to participate effectively in meetings. At the date of




                                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
urgent matters, which cannot be delayed until the next scheduled
Board meeting. All Directors are members of the Standing                    publication, the Board comprised 12 Non-executive Directors,
Committee and have the right to attend meetings and receive                 which will reduce to 10 after the AGM, and one Executive Director,
papers. Before taking decisions on any matter, the Standing                 the Chief Executive Officer.
Committee must first determine that the business it intends to              On 16 November, Prudential announced a change to the structure
consider is appropriate for a Committee of the Board and does not           of the Board composition and the role of Group Chief Financial
need to be considered by the whole Board. The Standing Committee            Officer is no longer a Board role, effective from 1 January 2023. The
allows for nimble decision-making where necessary, while ensuring           role of Group Chief Financial Officer, along with that of Group Chief
that the full Board has oversight of and receives feedback on all           Risk and Compliance Officer, continues to be part of the Group
matters under the Committee’s consideration and all Directors can           Executive Committee. The Board satisfied itself that in making this




                                                                                                                                                        European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
contribute. During 2022, the Standing Committee met three times.            change, which is in line with many boards of Asia listed companies,
                                                                            the role and status of the Group Chief Financial Officer within the
                                                                            Prudential boardroom is well safeguarded and the Company’s
                                                                            governance processes and protections for shareholders remain
                                                                            robust. In particular, both the Group Chief Financial Officer and the
                                                                            Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer have a standing invitation
                                                                            to Board meetings (except for private meetings of the Non-executive
                                                                            Directors) as well as to Audit and Risk Committee meetings.
                                                                            Appointments to both roles continue to be a matter for the Board to
                                                                            determine and both are ‘key persons in control functions’ under the
                                                                            Hong Kong Insurance Authority’s Group-wide Supervision framework.
                                                                            Performance reviews for those roles include input from the Chairs of
                                                                            the Audit and Risk Committees respectively, and their remuneration
                                                                            as members of the Group Executive Committee is reviewed and
                                                                            approved by the Remuneration Committee. The Group Chief
                                                                            Financial Officer’s responsibility within the Group’s financial reporting




                                                                                                                                                        Additional information
                                                                            processes is unchanged.




                                                                                                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   193
How we operate / continued




Board roles                                                                                                              Read more

                                        The Chair has overall responsibility for the leadership of the Board and is      Chair’s Statement
                                        responsible for its effectiveness in directing the company and for succession    Pages 4 to 5
                                        planning. She sets the Board’s agenda, including on strategy, performance
                                                                                                                         Governance Report
 Chair                                  and value creation, and ensures effective communication with shareholders
                                                                                                                         Pages 178 to 179
                                        and, together with the Chief Executive Officer, represents the Group
                                        externally.



                                        The Chief Executive Officer is accountable to, and reports to the Board. He is   Strategic Report
                                        responsible for the day-to-day management of the Group, recommending             Pages 10 to 175
                                        an overall strategic plan to the Board and executing the approved strategy.
 Chief Executive Officer



                                        The Senior Independent Director acts as a sounding board for the Chair,          Nomination & Governance
                                        and provides support in the delivery of her objectives. The Senior               Committee report
                                        Independent Director also acts as an intermediary for other Directors and        Page 207
 Senior Independent                     shareholders when necessary and leads the annual performance evaluation
 Director                               of the Chair.




                                        Committee Chairs are responsible for the leadership and governance of            Nomination & Governance
                                        their respective Committees. They set the agenda for Committee meetings          Committee report
                                        and report to the Board on Committee activities.                                 Pages 204 to 210
 Committee
                                                                                                                         Audit Committee report
 Chairs                                                                                                                  Pages 211 to 217
                                                                                                                         Risk Committee Report
                                                                                                                         Pages 218 – 222

                                        Non-executive Directors offer constructive challenge to management,
                                        holding them to account against agreed performance objectives for
                                        individual and business performance. They also provide strategic guidance,
 Non-executive Directors                offer specialist advice and serve on at least one of the Board’s principal
                                        Committees.




                                        The Company Secretary is responsible for advising the Board and
                                        management on governance related matters, and supports the Chair in
                                        ensuring the effective functioning of the Board and its committees. The
 Company Secretary                      Secretary is available to all Directors to provide advice and support and
                                        facilitates Directors’ induction and ongoing professional development.




                                        The Group Chief Financial Officer is responsible for managing the finance        Financial Review
                                        function, including all aspects of financial reporting and planning, and         Pages 35 to 47
                                        investor engagement.
 Group Chief                                                                                                             Directors’ Remuneration Report
                                        The Group Chief Financial Officer is a standing attendee at, and receives all    Pages 228 to 279
 Financial Officer                      papers for, meetings of the Board and the Audit and Risk Committees
                                        (except private meetings of Non-executive Directors). Their appointment
                                        and removal are matters reserved for the Board. Their remuneration is
                                        determined by the Remuneration Committee.

                                        The Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer is responsible for risk              Risk Review
                                        management and compliance activities of the Group.                               Pages 49 to 63

 Group Chief Risk and                   The Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer is a standing attendee at, and       Directors’ Remuneration Report
                                        receives all papers for, meetings of the Board and the Risk and Audit            Pages 228 to 279
 Compliance Officer                     Committees (except private meetings of Non-executive Directors). Their
                                        appointment and removal are matters reserved for the Board. Their
                                        remuneration is determined by the Remuneration Committee.



194            Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                              prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                      Group overview




At each scheduled meeting of the Board, the Non-executive Directors
have a session without the Executive Director present.



                                                                                                                                                      Strategic report
The roles of Chair and Chief Executive Officer are clearly
segregated. The Chair leads the Board and is responsible for its
overall effectiveness in directing the company, whilst the Chief
Executive Officer is responsible for the day-to-day management of
the company. The Senior Independent Director acts as a sounding
board for the Chair, and provides support in the delivery of her
objectives. The Chair, Chief Executive Officer and Senior Independent
Director all have written terms of reference which are approved by the
Board and kept under regular review. A summary is available to view


                                                                                                                                                      Governance
on our website.
Our governance framework
The Group Governance Manual (GGM) defines Prudential’s Group-
wide approach to Governance, Risk Management and Internal
Control. The principles by which Prudential conducts its business        Subsidiary governance
activities are set out in the Group Code of Business Conduct (Code),     Prudential’s material subsidiaries, comprising the insurance
which sits at the heart of the GGM, incorporating standards of           subsidiaries in Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore and
business conduct which set expectations over employee behaviour          the Eastspring holding company (the Material Subsidiaries) and a
by presenting all individual obligations referenced throughout the




                                                                                                                                                      Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                         number of its other subsidiaries have appointed independent
GGM policies in a single code.                                           non-executive directors to their boards and have established an audit
The Code is reviewed annually by the RSWG to ensure that it remains      and a risk committee with standard terms of reference. All audit and
appropriate for the global business and is approved by the Board.        risk committees of the Material Subsidiaries, as well as a number of
Each individual employee confirms their compliance with the Code on      other subsidiaries’ committees, are chaired by an independent board
an annual basis. The GGM itself sets out the Group’s Governance          member. To ensure an effective information flow, the Chairs of the
Framework, Group-wide policies and standards, including the Group        Group Audit and Risk Committees maintain regular dialogue with
Risk Framework, delegated authorities and lines of responsibility, and   their counterparts in each of the Material Subsidiaries. Material
is supported by a programme of regular learning for all Prudential       Subsidiaries and other life insurance businesses that operate local
colleagues.                                                              audit and risk committees report to the Group-level Committees
                                                                         through written updates and the chairs of the local committees
The Nomination & Governance Committee conducts regular reviews           can escalate matters to the Group Committee Chairs or
of the Group’s Governance Framework, monitoring the Group’s              management as required.




                                                                                                                                                      Financial statements
significant governance policies, including governance arrangements
of the Group’s main subsidiaries, and makes recommendations to the       In 2022, the Chairs of the Audit and Risk Committees hosted a
Board as appropriate. The Risk Committee approves the Group Risk         subsidiary governance forum in Singapore, where they met with
Framework, an integral part of the GGM, and the Audit Committee          non-executive directors from each of the Material Subsidiaries to
monitors Group-wide compliance with the GGM throughout the year.         discuss matters of mutual importance, including the Group’s digital
Businesses manage and report compliance with the Group-wide              strategy, conduct framework, ESG and areas of focus in audit and risk.
mandatory requirements set out in the GGM through annual                 The Nomination & Governance Committee is responsible for
attestations. This includes compliance with our Risk Management          oversight of governance arrangements for the Material Subsidiaries.
Framework, a summary of which is set out on pages 202 to 203 of
this report.                                                             Directors’ inductions, training and development




                                                                                                                                                      European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                                         The induction programme for new Non-executive Directors features a
The content of the GGM is reviewed regularly, reflecting the             series of core topics, including an overview of the Group, its key
developing nature of both the Group and the markets in which it          businesses and the control environment, as well as content tailored to
operates, with significant changes on key policies reported to the       reflect the new Board member’s role and any particular needs identified
relevant Board Committee or the RSWG. The GGM helps the Board            during the recruitment process. The induction includes written
embed the Group’s system of risk management and internal control         materials, presentations and meetings with the Chair, the Chief
into the day-to-day operations of the business.                          Executive Officer, the Group Chief Financial Officer, the Group Chief Risk
                                                                         and Compliance Officer and the Chairs of the Board’s principal
                                                                         Committees and the RSWG (as appropriate). Further meetings with
                                                                         members of senior management at Group and local level are also
                                                                         scheduled as required to develop the Directors’ knowledge of the
                                                                         business. Each new Board member is also assigned a longer-tenured
                                                                         Non-executive Director to support them in their new role and provide
                                                                         advice and feedback.




                                                                                                                                                      Additional information




                                                                                                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    195
How we operate / continued




                                                                             Induction of Arijit Basu
                                                                        In September 2022, Arijit Basu joined the Board as an Independent
                                                                        Non-executive Director and member of the Audit Committee and
                                                                        the Responsibility & Sustainability Working Group (RSWG).
                                                                        As part of his induction, Arijit had the benefit of attending Board
                                                                        meetings in April and July 2022 as an observer. He also attended a
                                                                        site visit in Singapore and the head offices in London and Hong Kong.
                                                                        During these meetings Arijit met with various members of the Board
                                                                        and Group as well as local business unit management teams and
                                                                        gained insight into the Group’s business, strategy, operations, risk
                                                                        profile, and culture framework. He also received briefings on his duties
                                                                        as a Director under relevant UK and Hong Kong corporate
                                                                        governance frameworks and the Group’s regulatory environment.
                                                                        Arijit also participated in Board deep dive sessions and one-to-one
                                                                        meetings with senior management which helped him gain an
                                                                        understanding of the various Strategic Business Groups, the
                                                                        Eastspring asset management business, the Pulse platform and the
                                                                        digital ecosystem.
                                                                        Specifically for his role, Arijit met with the Chairs of the Audit
  The induction provided by the team was very                           Committee and RSWG. In respect of his role as member of the Audit
                                                                        Committee, Arijit met with, among others, the Chief of Internal Audit
  thorough and well planned. I was made to                              who provided an overview of Group-wide Internal Audit and recent
  feel very welcome from the start and it was                           activities. Arijit also met with the external auditor KPMG, to hear their
                                                                        views on Prudential’s financial reporting and business issues, with the
  particularly useful to meet so many of the                            Director of Group Financial Accounting & Reporting who provided a
  Prudential team in person.                                            briefing on the Group’s key performance indicators and balance
                                                                        sheet and with the Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer, who
                                                                        provided an overview of the Group’s risk profile, risk framework and
  The induction gave me an excellent                                    key risks in each market.
  introduction to the main areas of the                                 For RSWG matters, Arijit met with the Director of ESG and received a
  business and the key issues for different                             briefing on the Group’s ESG Strategic Framework. The Group HR
                                                                        Director briefed Arijit on the Group’s culture framework and workforce
  stakeholder groups. This helped me to build                           strategies and initiatives, including diversity & inclusion and
  up my understanding quickly and enabled                               employee wellbeing priorities.
  me to contribute to boardroom discussions                             These meetings were tailored to Arijit’s role at Prudential
                                                                        and provided him with a detailed view of current issues and emerging
  from my first meeting.                                                themes, as well as an understanding of the interests of the Group’s
                                                                        key stakeholders.
                                                                        Tom Watjen was chosen as the long-standing Non-executive
                                                                        Director to support Arijit during his first year on the Board. Following
                                                                        the conclusion of his formal induction programme, Arijit provided the
                                                                        Company Secretary with feedback on the induction programme.




Training                                                                It had a deep dive session on climate, which included an overview of the
Throughout the year the Board and its Committees received regular       evolving expectations of stakeholders and of climate-related
business updates and participated in deep dive sessions, developing     opportunities for the Group. Ahead of the Group’s adoption of the new
the Board’s more granular knowledge of individual businesses,           financial reporting standard, IFRS 17, the Group Audit Committee
current and emerging issues relevant to the Group and its operations    received training on the new standard and how it may impact the
and on particular products and business opportunities. In 2022, these   Group’s financial reporting, and other Board members were provided
sessions included deep dives into the Group’s operations in a number    with the core elements of this training.
of its markets and into its principal distribution channels.
                                                                        All Directors have the opportunity to discuss their individual
In addition, the Board received training on the new Group Internal      development needs as part of their Director evaluations and are
Economic Capital Assessment (GIECA) model including key areas of        encouraged to request specific updates during the year. At the start
methodology and assumptions underpinning the model and how it is        of the year, suggested topics are shared with the Board for feedback.
being used across the Group.                                            Directors are asked to provide information on any external training or
                                                                        development on an annual basis. All Directors have the right to obtain
                                                                        professional advice at Prudential’s expense.




196              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                 prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                    Group overview




Stakeholder engagement                                                      To better understand the views of shareholders, the Chair holds an
Information on the Board’s engagement with, and discussion of,              annual programme of engagement with major shareholders in



                                                                                                                                                    Strategic report
stakeholder views as part of the Board decision-making process can          respect of governance and strategic matters. The Remuneration
be found on pages 170 to 175.                                               Committee Chair engages with major shareholders annually to hear
                                                                            their feedback on remuneration decisions and policy proposals. Other
Regulatory environment                                                      Non-executive Directors, in particular the Senior Independent
Prudential is a designated insurance holding company under the              Director, who acts as an intermediary for shareholders, and
Hong Kong IA Insurance Ordinance, and is subject to the Hong Kong           Committee Chairs, are available to meet with major shareholders on
IA’s GWS Framework. The GWS Framework includes requirements for             request. In addition, shareholders can communicate their views on
Hong Kong insurance groups to have in place appropriate corporate           matters affecting the Company through various channels including
governance arrangements and to maintain appropriate internal                investor events held throughout the year. Retail shareholders have
controls for the oversight of their business.                               dedicated services in place at the Company’s Registrar, EQ. Key

                                                                                                                                                    Governance
Individual regulated entities within the Group continue to be subject       information is available in the Shareholder Information section of
to entity-level regulatory requirements in the relevant jurisdictions in    the Annual Report and on the Company’s website, including contact
which they carry out business.                                              details for Group Secretariat.
Interactions with regulators form a key part of the Group’s governance      The Board conducts an annual review of its shareholder
framework and the Chair, Chief Executive Officer and the Group Chief        communications policy. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the
Risk and Compliance Officer play a leading role in representing the         Board concluded that the shareholder communications policy
Group to regulators and ensuring our dialogue with them is                  continues to be effective.
constructive.                                                               During 2022, 371 meetings were held with 319 individual institutional




                                                                                                                                                    Directors’ remuneration report
Employee voice                                                              investors in Asia, the US, UK and Europe. Of these 371 meetings,
Prudential’s programme for workforce engagement is led by the               141 were attended by either the Group Chief Executive Officer or
RSWG, and all Board members participate in engagement activities.           the Group Chief Financial Officer. These meetings took the form of
An overview of the workforce engagement activities undertaken               one-on-one, group sessions and participation in panels and walking
during 2022 is set out in the Section 172 Statement on pages 170            tours organised in some cases by brokers. A summary of the Board’s
to 175.                                                                     engagement with other stakeholders is set out on pages 170 to 175.
                                                                            The perspectives gained from investor meetings and broader
Shareholder communication policy and engagement                             shareholder engagement exercises are considered by the Board
Prudential has dual primary listings on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange        when making key strategic decisions.
and the London Stock Exchange, as well as a secondary listing on the
Singapore Stock Exchange and a listing on the New York Stock                In keeping with the intent to communicate with shareholders on
Exchange in the form of American Depositary Receipts. These listings        an open basis and to use technology to facilitate this, the Group
                                                                            continued its programme of visual and online interaction with




                                                                                                                                                    Financial statements
are subject to rules that form the basis of Prudential’s shareholder
communications policy which, in summary, seeks to ensure that               shareholders and the research community in 2022. During 2022, it
shareholders and the investment community at large are provided with        hosted four one-hour detailed briefings on individual business units
timely access to balanced and understandable information about the          – Vietnam, Indonesia, the Philippines and Singapore. The briefings
Company, its financial performance, strategic goals, plans and material     were recorded in video format and published on the Group website
developments. This enables all shareholders, including prospective          along with the transcripts. The Group hosted presentations for its
shareholders, to exercise their rights in an informed manner.               Half Year Results for 2022 in Hong Kong for the first time and used
                                                                            this recorded session to introduce the Managing Directors of the
Information released by the Company to the stock exchanges                  Group’s Strategic Business Groups.
where it is listed is also posted on the Company’s website
                                                                            The Group’s AGM in 2022 was a hybrid meeting with shareholders




                                                                                                                                                    European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
(www.prudentialplc.com). Prudential’s corporate communications
are available in English and Chinese where required.                        able to attend in person or online. The Group intends to continue to
                                                                            use both in-person and online communication techniques in the
                                                                            coming year to communicate with investors.



Key areas of focus – how the Board spent its time in 2022
In 2022, the Board held six scheduled meetings and an additional three ad hoc meetings. Board meetings focussed on the key areas set out below.

Strategy, business plan and capital

Business and strategy deep dives                                           Business plan and budget
> Reviewed and scrutinised the strategic and operational performance       > Approved the 2023-2025 business plan and budget
  of the business in key markets and across distribution channels. This    > Approved the 2023 Strategic Priorities
  included deep dives into the following areas:                            > Considered and approved any spend over $30 million and oversaw
  – the Group’s life businesses in Africa, Hong Kong, Indonesia,             other management approvals




                                                                                                                                                    Additional information
     Malaysia, the Philippines and Vietnam as well as in the Eastspring
     asset management business                                             Capital
  – the Group’s agency and bancassurance distribution channels, as         > Oversaw an increase in the allocation of capital invested in organic
     well as its digital strategy, including Pulse                           new business and investments in capabilities/distribution, following
                                                                             the restructuring of the Group into a pure-play Asia and Africa
> Received updates on business performance in the Group’s China and          growth business
  India joint venture businesses



                                                                                                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   197
How we operate / continued




Performance, business and operations

Reports from CEO, CFO, CRCO                                                  > Held a discussion of the macroeconomic and geopolitical trends
> Received reports at every meeting from the Group Chief Executive             affecting the Group’s key markets, supported by an external
  Officer, Group Chief Financial Officer and the Group Chief Risk and          economist
  Compliance Officer
                                                                             Customers
> Received reports from regional business heads                              > Customers are considered as a core part of the Board’s discussions
Financial results                                                              on business performance and operations
> Reviewed and approved the half year and full year results and the          > Discussed customer proposition, products, and customer service as
  Form 20F                                                                     part of deep dives and business updates
> Considered fair, balanced and understandable requirements in the           > Discussed the evolution of Prudential’s digital strategy, including
  half and full year financial reports, following a review by the Audit        how Pulse is supporting distribution and customer experience
  Committee                                                                  > Considered the impact of the pandemic and global macroeconomic
> Reviewed and approved the Going Concern and the Viability                    trends on customers and initiatives to mitigate the impact on them
  Statements that appeared in the 2022 Annual Report
> Approved the 2021 second interim dividend and first interim
  dividend for 2022

Stakeholders

Investors                                                                    Regulators
> Received regular reports from the Chief of Investor Relations on           > Received regular reports on the Group’s engagement with its key
  shareholder-related matters, feedback from the Chair’s annual                regulators
  shareholder engagement exercise and additional meetings offered            > Received feedback from the regulatory Supervisory College and
  in connection with the Chief Executive Officer succession process,           discussed the Hong Kong IA’s annual management letter and the
  and regular feedback from management on their ongoing                        Group’s response to it
  shareholder engagement activities                                          > Received reports from the Head of Group Government Relations on
> Received an investor perception survey report from Rothschild & Co,          key government and political developments and regulatory policy
  discussed the findings with the review team and management’s                 updates
  response
> Kept appraised of investor and Hong Kong and UK governance                 Government and wider society
  themes                                                                     > Considered the impact of the pandemic on the communities in
                                                                               which we operate and efforts by the business to support affected
Workforce                                                                      communities
> Regularly discussed people issues as part of the Chief Executive           > Received detailed briefing on the work of the Prudence Foundation
  Officer report, including particular areas of higher attrition and steps   > Received training materials on climate-related issues, including
  being taken by management to address them                                    Chapter Zero background materials
> As part of business reviews, discussed with local management teams         > Deep dive on the Group’s approach to climate change, including an
  particular challenges faced in their markets and how they are                update on progress towards the Group’s externally communicated
  developing a diverse pipeline of talent                                      climate-related commitments, understanding the evolving
> Received updates from the RSWG and directly from the Group                   expectations of stakeholders, identifying climate-related
  Human Resources Director on various people, culture and talent               opportunities, and considering next steps on the Group’s climate
  initiatives and feedback from employee engagement activities                 journey
                                                                             > Received regular reports on ESG policy developments

Governance, approvals and Board succession

Approvals                                                                    Shareholder meetings
> Considered various routine and administrative proposals put to the         > Approved key items for, and attended, the AGM (either in person,
  Board for approval not covered above                                         or online)
> Reviewed the Delegation of Authority and noted key matters                 Board evaluation and succession planning
  approved by management                                                     > Process to appoint a new Chief Executive Officer, as well as appoint
Board Committees                                                               an interim Chief Executive Officer, a new Group Chief Financial
> Received reports from the Chairs of the Audit, Risk, Remuneration            Officer and a new Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer (the
  and Nomination & Governance Committees, and the RSWG                         Executive Directors did not attend meetings where appropriate)
> Considered updates to the Group risk appetite                              > Approved other Board appointments and committee changes on
> Approved the Own Risk and Solvency Assessment for submission to              recommendation from the Nomination & Governance Committee
  the Hong Kong IA                                                           > Received the findings of the internal Board evaluation exercise,
                                                                               discussed and agreed the action plan and monitored progress




198               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                   prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                           Group overview




                                                                                                      > Employees – how Prudential Singapore is bringing to life the
                                                                                                        Group’s employee value proposition – Connect, Grow, Succeed –


                                                                                                                                                                                           Strategic report
                                                                                                        in order to prepare colleagues to better serve its customers, and
                                                                                                        how the Group is helping talent in Prudential Singapore and
                                                                                                        Eastspring to develop.
                                                                                                      > Product innovation and development – seeing how products and
                                                                                                        processes are being designed to meet evolving customer
                                                                                                        preferences, and how inclusive products are being developed to
                                                                                                        cater to customers who have been underserved by traditional
                                                                                                        financial services.
                                                                                                      > Digitisation – seeing how Prudential Singapore is digitising sales

                                                                                                                                                                                           Governance
                                                                                                        and services to make insurance simpler and more accessible for
                                                                                                        its customers and distributors, and getting hands-on experience
                                                                                                        of how Pulse is supporting agents and enhancing customer
                                                                                                        journeys.
                                                                                                      > Communities – meeting with leaders from the Prudence
                                                                                                        Foundation and local partners from Taiwan, the Philippines and
         Board visit to Singapore                                                                       Zambia to hear about the impact the Foundation is having in
                                                                                                        improving financial literacy through its flagship Cha-Ching
  In April, the Board visited Prudential Singapore and spent time with                                  programme.




                                                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ remuneration report
  management teams from the Singapore, Indonesia and Malaysia
  life businesses and from Eastspring.                                                                The Board also hosted a dinner with agency leaders, as well as a
                                                                                                      dinner that was the culmination of a Group-wide Future of Work
  In addition to presentations on those businesses, the visit involved an                             innovation challenge at which the successful employee teams from
  extensive programme of interactive sessions with employees, agents                                  across the Group pitched their projects to the Board and senior
  and customers. Topics included:                                                                     management.



Board meeting attendance throughout 2022
Individual Directors’ attendance at Board meetings throughout the year is set out in the table below. Board and Committee papers are usually
provided one week in advance of a meeting. Where a director is unable to attend a meeting, their views are canvassed in advance by the Chair of




                                                                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
that meeting where possible.
                                                                                      Scheduled Board meetings               Ad hoc Board meetings               General Meetings
                                                                                    attended/requiring attendance        attended/requiring attendance     attended/requiring attendance

Chair                                    Shriti Vadera                                             6/6                                   3/3                              1/1
Executive Directors                      Mike Wells    1
                                                                                                    1/1                                  1/1                              –
                                         Mark FitzPatrick      2
                                                                                                   6/6                                   1/1                              1/1
                                         James Turner2                                             6/6                                   1/1                              1/1
Non-executive Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                           European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                         Philip Remnant                                            6/6                                   3/3                              1/1
                                         Jeremy Anderson                                           6/6                                   3/3                              1/1
                                         Arijit Basu3                                              2/2                                    –                               0/0
                                         Chua Sock Koong                                           6/6                                   3/3                              1/1
                                         David Law                                                 6/6                                   3/3                              1/1
                                         Ming Lu                                                   6/6                                   2/3                              1/1
                                         Anthony Nightingale          4
                                                                                                   3/3                                   3/3                              1/1
                                         George Sartorel                                           6/6                                   2/3                              1/1
                                         Alice Schroeder      4
                                                                                                   3/3                                   3/3                              1/1
                                         Tom Watjen                                                6/6                                   3/3                              1/1
                                         Jeanette Wong                                             6/6                                   3/3                              1/1
                                         Amy Yip                                                   6/6                                   2/3                              1/1




                                                                                                                                                                                           Additional information
Notes
1     Mike Wells stepped down from the Board on 31 March 2022.
2     Mark FitzPatrick and James Turner did not attend two meetings of the Board in 2022 that were held to consider CEO succession.
3     Arijit Basu joined the Board on 1 September 2022. Prior to joining, he attended two meetings as an observer.
4     Anthony Nightingale and Alice Schroeder stepped down from the Board on 26 May 2022.




                                                                                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022         199
How we operate / continued




Board effectiveness
Actions during 2022 arising from the 2021 review
The last Annual Report set out the key actions we planned to take in 2022 to enhance the performance of the Board in light of the findings of the
Board and Committee effectiveness evaluation conducted internally at the end of 2021. Set out below is an update on progress to address the
2022 actions:
Theme                                    Summary of Actions                   Progress in 2022

Board composition,                       > Continue to develop the skills     > The skills matrix has been updated and discussed by the Board,
succession planning                        map to support the work on           refining key areas of focus for Non-executive Director succession
and meeting process                        Board succession planning and        planning.
                                           review processes for oversight     > In addition to regular updates to the Responsibility &
                                           of the development of the            Sustainability Working Group (RSWG) on talent development
                                           pipeline for executive positions     programmes, the Nomination & Governance Committee and
                                           with the critical skills and         RSWG held a joint session in October to discuss the refreshed
                                           diversity required for the           talent development framework being created and implemented
                                           Group’s future strategy.             by management which focuses on a core group of roles identified
                                         > Create more opportunities for        as critical for the Group’s growth strategy. This will be discussed
                                           Board interaction within the         further in 2023.
                                           Board, with management and         > Whilst certain restrictions remained in place for much of the year,
                                           with employees, where                Board meetings held in person in London, Hong Kong and
                                           possible in person.                  Singapore were attended by most Board members and enabled
                                                                                greater interaction amongst the Board, with the Group Executive
                                                                                Committee and other senior leaders.
                                                                              > The Board visit to Singapore, and individual visits by Directors to
                                                                                local businesses, enabled the Board to engage with wider groups
                                                                                of employees.

Board oversight,                         > Focus more Board meeting      > In May, the Board amended the terms of reference of the RSWG
stakeholders and                           agenda time on customers and    to create a focus on customers and digital, in addition to its
decision making                            employees and review and        existing remit on people, culture and communities, while oversight
                                           update KPIs for consistent      of climate (on a holistic basis) transitioned to the Risk Committee.
                                           reporting and analysis.         The RSWG has looked at the ways in which customer experience is
                                         > Consider new ways to ensure     being measured and how data-insights are being used to enhance
                                           learnings from past decisions   processes. It will oversee the development of refreshed KPIs for
                                           are highlighted to the Board    Board reporting.
                                           where appropriate, to fully   > The April Board visit to Singapore included sessions with
                                           support decision-making.        customers and agents to provide Board members with direct
                                                                           insight into their perspectives.
                                                                         > The RSWG recommended further development of People KPIs
                                                                           which will be included in the regular management dashboard.
                                                                         > People, culture and customers have been regular topics at Board
                                                                           and Committee meetings throughout the year and further work
                                                                           to develop the framework for these areas is ongoing.
                                                                         > The Board agreed a revised approach for conducting Post
                                                                           Transaction Reviews and enhancements to make the process
                                                                           more dynamic and forward-looking. This will be further embedded
                                                                           in 2023.

Risk management and                      > Enhance risk reporting to the      > The Chief Risk Officer report and Risk MI Dashboard presented to
internal control                           Board to further support the         the Risk Committee and Board was updated to support the
                                           prioritisation of key risks.         prioritisation on key risks.




200               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                    prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                 Group overview




2022 review and actions for 2023
The performance evaluation of the Board and its principal Committees for 2022 was conducted internally at the end of 2022, led by the



                                                                                                                                                 Strategic report
Company Secretary, through a questionnaire which covered: Board composition; dynamics; meeting management and support; the Board’s
oversight of different areas; risk management and internal control; succession planning; and the work of the Committees.
The findings were presented to the Nomination & Governance Committee and the Board in March 2023 and collective Committee and
Board discussions to exchange ideas and agree priorities arising from the evaluation took place. The review confirmed that the Board and
its principal Committees continued to operate effectively during the year and no major improvements were required, however a number of
suggested areas for improvement were discussed. Given that the new Chief Executive Officer started shortly before the March meetings, it was
agreed that the Chair, Chief Executive Officer and Company Secretary would further discuss the priorities and prepare an action plan for later
approval by the Board.



                                                                                                                                                 Governance
Theme                                   Areas of focus

Board dynamics                          > Continue to build Board and senior management relationships and ways of working, recognising the
                                          relative newness of the senior management team and many Board members and the ability to have
                                          in-person meetings.

Meeting management                      > Drive greater consistency across all management papers/presentations in order to focus the Board on
and support                               key matters and support good discussion.
                                        > Continue to create opportunities for a wider group of management to present at Board meetings and
                                          for Board members to interact with future leaders within the organisation.




                                                                                                                                                 Directors’ remuneration report
                                        > Review suite of Non-financial KPIs.

Succession planning and                 > Following senior leadership changes in 2022, the Nomination & Governance Committee will oversee
talent development                        the refresh of CEO succession and development, and the GEC succession development plans by the
                                          Chief Executive Officer.
                                        > Continuing to oversee, through the RSWG, the development of a systematic approach to talent
                                          development across the Group.


Director evaluation
Individual performance evaluation of Non-executive Directors was
undertaken by the Chair, who gathered feedback from each Board




                                                                                                                                                 Financial statements
member and Group Executive Committee member. The Nomination
& Governance Committee discussed the performance of Directors at
its meeting in March 2023 as part of the overall Board evaluation.
The Chair relayed feedback.
Feedback on the performance of the Chair was separately gathered
by the Senior Independent Director, who held a meeting of the
Non-executive Directors, without the Chair present. The Senior
Independent Director then discussed the feedback with the Chair.
The Chair assesses the performance of Executive Directors in respect




                                                                                                                                                 European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
of their role as Board Directors.
The outcome of these evaluation processes informs the Nomination
& Governance Committee’s recommendation for Directors to be put
forward for re-election by shareholders.
The performance of Executive Directors, in their capacity as
Executives, is subject to regular review, as part of our overall employee
performance evaluation. The outcome of this assessment is reported
to the Remuneration Committee, with input from Audit and Risk
Committee Chairs in respect of the Group Chief Financial Officer and
the Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer respectively.




                                                                                                                                                 Additional information




                                                                                                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   201
Risk management and internal control




The Board is responsible for ensuring that an appropriate and                Risk management
effective system of risk management and internal control is in place         A key component of the GGM is the Group Risk Framework, which
across the Group.                                                            requires all businesses to establish processes for (1) identifying;
                                                                             (2) measuring and assessing; (3) managing and controlling;
The framework of risk management and internal control centres on
                                                                             and (4) monitoring and reporting the risks facing the business.
clear delegated authorities to ensure Board oversight and control of
important decisions. The framework is underpinned by the Group               The Board determines the nature and extent of the principal risks it
Code of Business Conduct, which sets out the ethical standards the           is willing to take in achieving its strategic objectives while taking into
Board requires of itself, employees, agents and others working on            account the interests of the Group’s stakeholders. The Board has
behalf of the Group, and is supported by a set of Group-wide                 delegated authority to the Risk Committee to assist it in providing
principles and values that define how the Group expects business to          leadership, direction and oversight of the Group’s overall risk appetite,
be conducted in order to achieve its strategic objectives. The               risk tolerance and strategy; overseeing and advising on the current
framework is designed to monitor and manage, rather than                     and potential future risk exposures of the Group; reviewing and
eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve its strategic objectives, taking   approving the Group’s risk management framework, including
into account the interests of the Group’s stakeholders.                      changes to risk limits within the overall Board approved risk appetite;
                                                                             and monitoring the effectiveness of the risk management framework
As a provider of financial services, including insurance, the Group
                                                                             and adherence to the various risk policies. Regular activities are
recognises that interests of our broad spectrum of stakeholders and
                                                                             detailed in the report on pages 218 to 222.
that managed acceptance of risk lie at the heart of the business. As a
result, effective risk management capabilities represent a key source        The Group’s risk governance arrangements, which support the Board,
of competitive advantage for the Group. By managed acceptance of             the Risk Committee and the Audit Committee, are based on the
risk, the Group seeks to generate customer and shareholder value by          principles of the ‘three lines model’: risk taking and management,
selectively taking exposure to risks, where these are an outcome of its      risk control and oversight, and independent assurance.
chosen business activities and strategy. These risks will be reduced to
the extent it is cost-effective to do so. The Group’s systems,               Formal review of controls
procedures and controls are designed to manage risk appropriately,           A formal evaluation of the risk management and internal control
and our resilience and recovery approaches aim to maintain the               system is carried out at least annually. Prior to the Board reaching
Group’s ability and flexibility to respond in times of stress. There are     a conclusion on the effectiveness of the system in place, the report
some financial and non-financial risks for which the Group has no            is considered by the Disclosure Committee and Audit Committee,
tolerance, and these are actively avoided.                                   with risk specific disclosures within the report also reviewed by the
                                                                             Risk Committee. This evaluation takes place prior to the publication
Internal control                                                             of the Annual Report.
The GGM sets out the general principles by which we conduct our
business and ourselves and defines our Group-wide approach to                As part of the evaluation, the Chief Executive and Chief Financial
Governance, Risk Management and Internal Control. Further                    Officer of each business, including Head Office, certify compliance
information on the GGM can be found on page 195. Group-wide                  with the Group’s governance policies and associated risk
policies, internal controls and processes, based on the provisions           management and internal control requirements. The Governance
established in the GGM, are in place across the Group. These include         function, under the responsibility of the Group Chief Risk and
controls covering the preparation of financial reporting. The                Compliance Officer, facilitates a review of the matters raised in this
operation of these controls and processes facilitates the preparation        certification process. This includes the assessment of any risk and
of reliable financial reporting and the preparation of local and             control issues reported during the year, risk and control matters
consolidated financial statements in accordance with the applicable          identified and reported by the other Group oversight functions and
accounting standards, and requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.            the findings from the reviews undertaken by GwIA, which carries out
These controls include certifications by the Chief Executive Officer         risk-based audit plans across the Group. Issues arising from any
and Group Chief Financial Officer of each business with respect to the       external regulatory engagement are also taken into account.
accuracy of information provided for use in preparation of the               For the purposes of the effectiveness review, the Group has followed
Group’s consolidated financial reporting, and the assurance work             the FRC Guidance on Risk Management, Internal Control and
carried out in respect of US reporting requirements.                         Related Financial and Business Reporting. In line with this guidance,
The Board has delegated authority to the Audit Committee to review           the certification provided does not apply to material joint ventures
the framework and effectiveness of the Group’s system of internal            and associates where the Group does not exercise full management
control. The Audit Committee is supported in this responsibility by          control. In these cases, the Group satisfies itself that suitable
the assurance work carried out by Group-wide Internal Audit (GwIA)           governance and risk management arrangements are in place
and the work of the audit committees of the Group’s Material                 to protect the Group’s interests. Additionally, the relevant Group
Subsidiaries, which oversee the effectiveness of controls in each            company which is party to the joint venture or associate must,
respective business. Details of how the Audit Committee oversees             in respect of any services it provides in support of the joint venture
the framework of controls and their effectiveness on an ongoing              or associate, comply with the requirements of the Group’s internal
basis, is set out more fully in the report on pages 211 to 217.              governance framework.




202                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                   prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                   Group overview




Effectiveness of controls
In accordance with provision 29 of the UK Code and provisions               Three lines model



                                                                                                                                                   Strategic report
D.2.1, D.2.2 and D.2.3 of the HK Code, the Board reviewed the               First line (risk taking and management)
effectiveness and performance of the system of risk management              > Takes and manages risk exposures in accordance with the risk
and internal control during 2022. This review covered all material             appetite, mandate and limits set by the Board;
controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls, risk    > Identifies and reports the risks that the Group is exposed to,
management systems, budgets and the adequacy of the resources,                 and those that are emerging;
qualifications, experience of staff of the Group’s accounting, internal     > Promptly escalates any limit breaches or any violations of risk
audit and financial reporting functions. The review identified a               management policies, mandates or instructions;
number of areas for improvement, and the necessary actions have
                                                                            > Identifies and promptly escalates significant emerging risk
been or are being taken. The Audit Committees at Group and
                                                                               issues; and
Material Subsidiary levels collectively monitor outstanding actions

                                                                                                                                                   Governance
regularly and ensure sufficient resource and focus is in place to resolve   > Manages the business to ensure full compliance with the
them within a reasonable timeframe.                                            Group risk management framework as set out in the GGM,
                                                                               which among other requirements, includes the Group Risk
The Board confirms that there is an ongoing process for identifying,           Framework and associated policies as well as approval
measuring and assessing, managing and controlling, and monitoring              requirements.
and reporting the significant risks faced by the Group and confirms
that the system remains effective.                                          Second line (risk control and oversight)
                                                                            > Assists the Board to formulate the risk appetite and limit
                                                                              framework, risk management plans, risk policies, risk reporting
                                                                              and risk identification processes; and




                                                                                                                                                   Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                            > Reviews and assesses the risk-taking activities of the first line,
                                                                              and where appropriate challenging the actions being taken to
                                                                              manage and control risks.
                                                                            Third line (independent assurance)
                                                                            > Provides independent assurance on the design, effectiveness
                                                                              and implementation of the overall system of internal control,
                                                                              including governance structures and processes, risk
                                                                              management and compliance.
                                                                            Each business is required to implement a governance structure
                                                                            based on the three lines model, proportionate to its size, nature
                                                                            and complexity, and to the risks that it manages.




                                                                                                                                                   Financial statements




                                                                                                                                                   European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                                   Additional information




                                                                                                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    203
Committee reports




                                                                                       Nomination
                                                                                       & Governance
                                                                                       Committee report
                                                                                       We have continued to develop the Board’s
                                                                                       composition to reflect the Group’s
                                                                                       transformation. Following a year of change in
                                                                                       the senior management team, key priorities in
                                                                                       2023 will be working with Anil to refresh
                                                                                       management succession and development
                                                                                       plans and to ensure we create a strong and
 Committee’s purpose
 The purpose of the Committee is to assist the Board in retaining                      diverse pipeline of talent.
 an appropriate balance of skills to support the strategic
 objectives of the Group, to develop a formal, rigorous and
 transparent approach to the appointment of Directors and
 maintain an effective framework for succession planning. Further,                     Shriti Vadera
 the Committee provides support and advice to the Board on                             Chair of the Board
 governance arrangements.
 More information on the role and responsibilities of
 the Nomination & Governance Committee can be
 found in its terms of reference, which are available
 at www.prudentialplc.com
 Membership and 2022 meeting attendance
 Committee members                                2022 meetings1

 Shriti Vadera, Chair                             4/4
 Jeremy Anderson       2
                                                  –
 Chua Sock Koong       3
                                                  3/3
 Ming Lu                                          4/4
 Anthony Nightingale        4
                                                  1/1
 Philip Remnant                                   4/4
 George Sartorel3                                 3/3
 Tom Watjen     5
                                                  1/1

 Regular attendees
 > Chief Executive Officer
 > Group Human Resources Director
 > Company Secretary
 Notes
 1 The Committee held one meeting jointly with the Responsibility and Sustainability
   Working Group (RSWG). Attendance included the members of the RSWG, who at that
   time comprised Mr Anderson (Chair), Mr Basu, Mr Sartorel and Ms Wong.
 2 Jeremy Anderson joined the Committee on 16 November 2022. Prior to joining, he
   attended one meeting as an observer, in addition to the meeting he attended as a
   member of the RSWG.
 3 Chua Sock Koong and George Sartorel joined the Committee on 1 May 2022. Prior to
   his joining, Mr Sartorel attended one meeting as an observer.
 4 Anthony Nightingale stepped down from the Committee on 26 May 2022.
 5 Tom Watjen stepped down from the Committee on 1 May 2022. He attended one
   additional meeting after stepping down.




204                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                    prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                      Group overview




Dear shareholder,                                                           As announced in November, the role of Group Chief Financial Officer
I am pleased to provide you with my report as Chair of the                  is no longer an Executive Director role. The Committee and the Board



                                                                                                                                                      Strategic report
Nomination & Governance Committee.                                          satisfied itself that in making this change, which is in line with many
                                                                            boards of Asia listed companies, the role and status of the Group
Succession planning for both the Board and the executive                    Chief Financial Officer as well as the Group Chief Risk and Compliance
management team was a key focus in 2022. I have set out in my               Officer within the Prudential boardroom is well safeguarded and the
introduction to the Governance Report (page 178) the process that           Company’s governance processes and protections for shareholders
led to the appointment of Anil Wadhwani as our new Chief Executive          remain robust. In particular, with further details set out in the
Officer which, given the importance of the decision, involved all           Governance Report, the Group Chief Financial Officer and the Group
Non-executive Directors.                                                    Chief Risk and Compliance Officer are standing attendees at the
Building on the extensive succession planning activities of the             Board, their appointment is a matter reserved to the Board, and the
Committee in 2021, the Board was able to appoint Mark FitzPatrick           Chairs of the Audit and Risk Committee have a key role in their

                                                                                                                                                      Governance
as interim Group Chief Executive whilst the process for appointing a        performance assessment.
permanent successor was ongoing, and to promote James Turner to             Looking ahead, the Committee has identified specific focus
the role of Group Chief Financial Officer and Avnish Kalra to the role of   areas for succession planning, including insurance-specific
Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer. This provided leadership           financial assurance skills in anticipation of David Law reaching
continuity and ensured that the Group could complete its                    the end of his tenure in 2024.
restructuring and continue to deliver on its strategy. The Committee
supported Mark in his capacity as interim Group Chief Executive in          The rest of this report sets out in more detail the activities of the
restructuring the Group Executive Committee.                                Committee in 2022. I would like to thank the Committee members
                                                                            for their diligence and contribution throughout the year.




                                                                                                                                                      Directors’ remuneration report
A key area of focus for the Committee over the next 18 months will be
to oversee the development of updated succession plans for the new
Chief Executive Officer and other Group Executive Committee roles.
The Committee will also work closely with the RSWG to oversee the
development of the framework which ensures that there is a strong
and diverse pipeline of talent for the Group’s future leadership needs.
                                                                            Shriti Vadera
Alongside management changes, we also continued to develop the
                                                                            Chair of the Nomination & Governance Committee
Board’s composition. In our recruitment, we have set requirements
for deep Asian experience and strong digital understanding,
alongside ensuring a balance of specific market and sectoral
experience, focusing in 2022 on insurance and healthcare. We have
paid careful regard to ensuring the diversity of both experience and




                                                                                                                                                      Financial statements
perspectives, and the ability to contribute views within the Board, to
ensure strong governance, support and challenge for the Group’s
transformation and operational delivery.
As Chair of the Committee, I have been pleased with the calibre of
candidates we have been able to consider, reflecting the strong
proposition that Prudential offers to potential Board members, and
I am delighted with those who have joined through the last year. In
August 2022, we announced the appointment of Arijit Basu and Dr.
Claudia Suessmuth Dyckerhoff to the Board. Arijit, who joined the




                                                                                                                                                      European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Board in September 2022, brings extensive operating and insurance
industry experience following a nearly 40 year career at State Bank of
India (SBI), including four years as CEO of SBI Life Insurance
Company Ltd. Claudia, who joined the Board in January 2023, brings
a deep and broad knowledge of the healthcare services sector and
health technology across China and the Asia-Pacific region. She spent
much of her career based in Shanghai and, more recently, in Hong
Kong and has worked with healthcare providers, governments,
insurers, pharmaceuticals and medical device companies. As with all
new Non-executive Directors, the Committee oversees their induction
to the business to quickly ensure that they are able to contribute and
the Board is able to benefit from their experience and expertise.
The Committee continues to review the composition of the Board
and the skills and experience needed in order for it to lead and
oversee the Group.




                                                                                                                                                      Additional information




                                                                                                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   205
Committee reports / Nomination & Governance Committee report / continued




Board composition, skills and succession                                                                       Non-executive Directors
The Committee keeps under review the leadership needs of the                                                   The existing Non-executive Board members contribute a range of
Group, both for Executive and Non-executive Directors. Board                                                   industry operating experience, sector expertise and personal
succession plans are supported and informed by the results of the                                              strengths to the Board. In 2022, the Committee focused on the
annual Board evaluation, individual Director evaluations and any                                               Board’s need to increase its expertise and experience in the areas of
skills gaps identified. Ongoing succession planning helps to ensure                                            insurance and healthcare, which led to the appointments of Arijit
that the Board maintains a balance in the mix of skills and experience                                         Basu and Dr Claudia Suessmuth Dyckerhoff. Mr Basu has an in-depth
of its members.                                                                                                understanding of the banking and insurance industries in India whilst
                                                                                                               Dr Suessmuth Dyckerhoff has broad experience in the healthcare
The Committee regularly reviews the size, structure and composition                                            sector in Asia, including specifically in China. These appointments are
of the Board, its principal committees and the RSWG, including an                                              part of an ongoing process to refresh the Board to ensure that it has
appropriate combination of Non-executive to Executive Directors                                                the right skills and experience to support the Group’s strategic
on the Board, the overall number of Directors and their respective                                             objectives in Asia and Africa, both now and in the future.
skills and experience. The Chair also seeks views on the needs of
the Board and its principal committees as part of the annual Board                                             The regular and ongoing review of candidates by the Committee
evaluation and the Committee discusses desired skills as part of                                               ensures a controlled approach to the onboarding of new Non-
succession planning.                                                                                           executive Directors and allows a sufficient transition period with those
                                                                                                               Directors who are reaching the end of their tenure.
To support its assessment of skills and support succession planning,
the Committee maintains a skills matrix for Non-executive Directors                                            The Committee also makes recommendations to the Board in
to help it map existing and desired skills on the Board and identify any                                       relation to skills to ensure the Audit Committee has the skills required
gaps. The skills matrix includes the key skills and experience gained                                          by the Codes and US legislation. The Audit Committee financial
from positions external to Prudential that the Committee considers                                             expert, as defined in the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, is David Law.
as particularly valuable for the Board to enable it to effectively
oversee the Group and the execution of our strategy.                                                           Executive roles
                                                                                                               Given the importance of Chief Executive Officer succession and the
Looking ahead, in light of Non-executive Directors who are due to                                              Board’s collective responsibility, the succession process that led to the
step down at the 2023 AGM and who will reach the end of their                                                  appointment of Mr Wadhwani involved all of the Non-executive
tenure at the 2024 AGM, the Committee has identified the need for a                                            members of the Board and is described on page 178.
Board member with insurance-specific financial assurance expertise
as David Law reaches the end of his tenure in 2024.                                                            Based on the extensive work by the Committee in 2021 on succession
                                                                                                               planning for Group Executive roles, including considering full
                                                                                                               assessments and development plans for internal candidates and
                                                                                                               external benchmarking, the Committee had identified Mr Turner as
  Non-executive Directors skills matrix                                                                        the preferred successor for the role of Group Chief Financial Officer,
                                                                                                               and Avnish Kalra as the preferred successor for the role of Group
                      Pan-Asia                                                                        9        Chief Risk and Compliance Officer. The Board approved these
                         China                                                                8                appointments in February 2022. The Board was also able to approve
                                                                                                               the appointment of Mark FitzPatrick as interim Group Chief Executive
                         India                                        5
                                                                                                               whilst the process for appointing a new Chief Executive Officer was
                         Africa           1                                                                    completed. These appointments ensured continuous and effective
                     Insurance                            3
                                                                                                               leadership of the Group.

       Other Financial Services                                                       7                        The Committee also has oversight of a diverse pipeline of leadership
                                                                                                               talent extending below the level of the Group Executive Committee in
                        Health                    2
                                                                                                               order to attract, retain and develop the next generation of emerging
                  Tech/Digital                                                6                                leaders. Responsibility for overseeing talent development across the
                                                                                                               Group more broadly, including diversity, inclusion, and employee
                   Operational                                                6
                                                                                                               wellbeing sits with the RSWG. The Committee and RSWG hold joint
           Financial assurance                                        5                                        meetings where appropriate.
       Regulatory/public policy                           3                                                    The Committee is supported by the Group HR Director and during the
                                  0   1       2       3       4   5       6       7       8       9       10   year engaged Egon Zehnder and Spencer Stuart to support the
                                  Number of Non-executive Directors with experience                            searches for certain Non-executive and Executive hires. Spencer
       Geographical experience                Technical skills and experience                                  Stuart is also engaged by the Group for senior management
                                                                                                               recruitment and Egon Zehnder for senior management recruitment
                                                                                                               and leadership assessment and development.




206                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                   prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                       Group overview




Process for appointing new Directors
The Committee assists the Board in ensuring that there is a formal,



                                                                                                                                       Strategic report
rigorous and transparent approach to the appointment of
new Directors.
The Committee is involved from the start in identifying a vacancy
or a gap in the Board’s skills. A role description is prepared, listing
the desired skills and experience and reflecting feedback from the
Committee and the objectives of the Board’s Diversity Policy. Once
agreed, specialist talent agencies are typically engaged to create a
long-list of candidates, which is reviewed by the Committee and other
Board members to create a short-list. Interviews with short-listed


                                                                                                                                       Governance
individuals then take place with the Committee and additional
selected Board members and feedback is provided to the Committee.
In this manner, a preferred candidate is selected and the Committee
then recommends the individual to the Board for appointment. The
Senior Independent Director leads the Committee in the process
of appointing a new Chair and the Chair leads the process for
the appointment of a new Chief Executive Officer, involving all
Non-executive Directors in the process.
                                                                               Senior Independent
Contemporaneous with this process, due diligence checks are




                                                                                                                                       Directors’ remuneration report
undertaken on the candidate and Prudential liaises with the relevant
                                                                                Director succession
regulatory authorities. The Committee is kept updated on this              The role of Senior Independent Director derives from
process as appropriate. Following appointment, the Committee               the UK Corporate Governance Code. The Senior
oversees the induction of new Non-executive Directors.                     Independent Director acts as a sounding board for the
                                                                           Chair and supports her in the delivery of her objectives.
Director evaluation                                                        He also acts as an intermediary for other Directors and
The Committee has concluded that each of the Directors in office           shareholders when necessary. The Senior Independent
for the year under review continued to perform effectively and each        Director also leads the annual performance evaluation
was able to devote appropriate time to fulfil their duties, and that the   of the Chair as well as leading on the search of any
Board and its Committees had an appropriate combination of skills,         new Chair.
experience and knowledge.
                                                                           During 2022, the Chair consulted with members of the
In reaching this conclusion, the Committee determined that the             Committee and other Board members on the best




                                                                                                                                       Financial statements
Non-executive Directors continued to demonstrate the desired               candidate to succeed Philip Remnant, who has held
attributes, contributing effectively to decision-making and exercising     the role of Senior Independent Director since joining
sound independent judgement in holding management to account.              the Board in January 2013. Mr Anderson was
Accordingly, the Committee recommended to the Board those                  considered the ideal candidate. He is familiar with the
Directors standing for election at the 2023 Annual General Meeting.        UK investor and governance landscape, has long
During 2022, the Committee also reviewed the membership of the             experience of engaging with stakeholders, including
Board’s principal Committees and the RSWG, recommending                    through successfully carrying out a similar role at UBS,
changes to the Board. When making recommendations, the                     and possesses the personal skills necessary to fulfil the
Committee takes account of the current composition of each of the          different functions of the role.




                                                                                                                                       European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
principal Committees and the RSWG, the skills and experience of the        In anticipation of his appointment, Mr Anderson
members and the strategic objectives of the Group. Assigning new           became a member of the Committee on 16 November
Directors to the Audit or Risk Committees has also helped them to          2022 and will step down from the RSWG on 31 March
build up their knowledge of the business. More information on              2023, following the publication of the 2022 ESG
Committee and RSWG membership changes can be found                         Report.
on page 180.




                                                                                                                                       Additional information




                                                                                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    207
Committee reports / Nomination & Governance Committee report / continued




Board diversity policy                                                                             The Parker Review recommends that we appoint at least one director
Given the location of the Group’s operations, its business strategy and                            from what is regarded in the UK as an ethnic minority background.
long-term focus in Asia and Africa, the Committee seeks candidates                                 We have exceeded this recommendation, with six of our 13 Directors
with backgrounds, experience and skills that broaden the Board’s                                   meeting those criteria as at 31 December 2022 (seven out of 11
capability, and who possess a balance of sector-specific knowledge,                                following the 2023 AGM or 63%) reflecting our Asian and African
operational experience and commercial acumen, ensuring it has                                      focus and operations. We are one of only three FTSE 100 companies
representation from individuals with insights into the markets in                                  with a non-white Chair.
which the Group operates. Talent search agencies are briefed on the
Group’s requirements and candidate selection is based on merit,                                    The Group’s Diversity and Inclusion Policy applies at all levels of the
against objective criteria and with due regard for the benefits of                                 business, including to the Board and its Committees. The Committee
diversity, including diversity of thought and perspective, gender,                                 is responsible for overseeing a diverse pipeline of talent for the Board
ethnicity, age, geographical provenance and social, educational and                                and other senior executive roles, driving a Group-wide culture where
professional backgrounds.                                                                          our people feel valued, and are treated fairly and respected: enabling
                                                                                                   them to fully contribute their thoughts and perspectives and to be
The Board’s target for female representation on the Board is                                       their authentic selves.
40 per cent by the end of 2025, as recommended by the FTSE
Women Leaders Review. At 31 December 2022, the role of Chair was                                   The Committee considers that the pipeline for diverse talent to serve
held by a woman and the overall representation of women on our                                     on the Group Executive Committee remains reasonable with
Board was 31 per cent. On 1 January 2023 female representation                                     continued effort needed. Female representation of those who are
increased to 38 per cent. As previously announced, Philip Remnant                                  regarded as senior management and part of the leadership teams is
and Tom Watjen will not stand for re-election at the forthcoming                                   35%. The RSWG has overseen the development of a people
AGM, which will further increase the proportion of women on our                                    dashboard, which includes measures for tracking local representation,
Board to 45 per cent.                                                                              gender, age, tenure and experience. Inclusive leadership practices are
                                                                                                   implemented starting with the Board and Committee and
                                                                                                   throughout the organisation. A full description of the Group’s
                                                                                                   activities on diversity and inclusion throughout the workforce,
                                                                                                   including at senior management level, can be found in the ESG
                                                                                                   report, on pages 67 to 175.
                                                                                                   The following tables set out the information Prudential is required to
                                                                                                   disclose under UK LR 9.8.6R(10) and is expressed as at 31 December
                                                                                                   2022.


Gender identity or sex1

                                                                                                                   Number of senior
                                                                                                              positions on the Board                            Percentage of
                                                               Number of Board           Percentage of the       (CEO, CFO, SID and     Number in executive         executive
                                                                    members                         Board                      Chair)       management2         management

Men                                                                             9                       69%                        3                     6              75%
Women                                                                           4                       31%                        1                     2              25%
Not specified/prefer not to say                                                 –                         –                        –                     –                  –


Ethnic background1

                                                                                                                   Number of senior
                                                                                                              positions on the Board                            Percentage of
                                                               Number of Board           Percentage of the       (CEO, CFO, SID and     Number in executive         executive
                                                                    members                         Board                      Chair)       management2         management

White British or other White
(including minority-white groups)                                               7                       54%                        3                     3              37%
Mixed/Multiple Ethnic Groups                                                    –                         –                        –                     –                  –
Asian/Asian British                                                             6                       46%                        1                     5              63%
Black/African/Caribbean/Black British                                           –                         –                        –                     –                  –
Other ethnic group, including Arab                                              –                         –                        –                     –                  –
Not specified/prefer not to say                                                 –                         –                        –                     –                  –

1     The information in this table was collected directly from each individual.
2     For the purposes on this disclosure ‘executive management’ means the Group Executive Committee.


A full description of the Group’s activities on diversity and inclusion can be found in the ESG report, on pages 109 to 116.




208                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                      prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                      Group overview




Terms of appointment                                                       Independence
Non-executive Directors are appointed for an initial term of three         All Directors have a statutory duty to exercise independent



                                                                                                                                                      Strategic report
years, and subject to review by the Committee and re-election by           judgement. For Non-executive Directors, the application of
shareholders, it is expected that Non-executive Directors serve a          independent judgement is critical to their role in providing
second term of three years. After six years, Non-executive Directors       constructive challenge and holding management to account,
may be appointed for a further year, up to a maximum of three years,       while providing strategic guidance and offering specialist advice.
or more in certain limited circumstances. Reappointment is subject to      The independence of Non-executive Directors is assessed as part
rigorous review as well as re-election by shareholders.                    of the appointment process, and annually thereafter, in line with
                                                                           requirements. To support that assessment, each Non-executive
In line with provisions of the UK Code, the notice of AGM includes         Director (except the Chair) provides an annual independence
details on the skills and experience of each director seeking re-          confirmation as required under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
election and specific reasons why their contribution is, and continues     Members of the Audit Committee are also assessed against

                                                                                                                                                      Governance
to be, important to the Company’s long-term sustainable success.           independence criteria in the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
                                                                           During 2022 all Non-executive Directors were considered to be
                                                                           independent by the Committee. The Chair, who was independent
    Non-executive Director tenure          1
                                                                           on appointment, is no longer counted as independent in accordance
            David Law                                                      with the UK Corporate Governance Code.
              Amy Yip                                                      Philip Remnant, the Senior Independent Director, joined the Board in
                                                                           January 2013 and was re-elected at the AGM in May 2022 to serve
     Jeremy Anderson
                                                                           for a further one year term, with 96.65% of votes cast in favour. While




                                                                                                                                                      Directors’ remuneration report
         Shriti Vadera                                                     the UK Code provides that the independence of a director who has
     Chua Sock Koong
                                                                           served for more than nine years is likely to have been impaired, or
                                                                           could appear to have been impaired, the Committee and the Board
              Ming Lu                                                      were satisfied, having assessed his independence throughout 2022,
       Jeanette Wong                                                       that Lord Remnant remained independent in judgement and
                                                                           character. As previously announced, Lord Remnant will not stand
       George Sartorel
                                                                           for re-election at the forthcoming AGM in May 2023. He will be
            Arijit Basu                                                    succeeded as Senior Independent Director by Jeremy Anderson.
    Claudia Suessmuth
            Dyckerhoff                                                     When considering the independence of Jeremy Anderson and
                                                                           Jeanette Wong, the Committee and the Board took into account that
                          0         2              4               6   8
                                        Length of tenure (years)
                                                                           both Mr Anderson and Ms Wong serve as Non-executive Directors of
                                                                           UBS Group AG. The Committee and the Board have determined that




                                                                                                                                                      Financial statements
                                                                           this cross-directorship does not affect their independence. Based on
1      At the date of publication                                          their contributions to Board discussions to date, the Board is confident
                                                                           that both can be expected to continue to demonstrate objectivity
                                                                           and independence of judgement.
The Directors’ Remuneration Report sets out the terms of Non-
executive Directors’ letters of appointment, in addition to the terms
applicable to Executive Directors’ service contracts.




                                                                                                                                                      European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                                      Additional information




                                                                                                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   209
Committee reports / Nomination & Governance Committee report / continued




Time commitment                                                              Conflicts of interest
Non-executive Directors are expected to devote such time as is               Directors have a statutory duty to avoid conflicts of interest.
necessary for the proper performance of their duties. The expected           In addition, the Company has in place procedures to identify and,
time commitment for directors to effectively discharge their duties is       where necessary, mitigate potential conflicts of interest. These
agreed and set out in writing in the Letter of Appointment, at which         processes help to ensure decisions are made in the best interests
point the existing external demands on an individual’s time are              of the Company. The Board has delegated authority to the
assessed to confirm their capacity to take on the role. The assessment       Committee to identify and, where necessary, authorise any actual or
takes into account the time required to prepare for and attend Board         potential conflicts of interest.
and Committee meetings, the AGM, general projects, Board training,
dinners and other activities. Further external appointments which            When recommending a candidate for appointment or re-election to
could impair the ability of Directors to meet these time commitments         the Board, the Committee considers the external appointments of
must first be discussed with the Chair (or, for the Chair, with the Senior   the proposed candidate and recommends authorisation of any
Independent Director) and, where appropriate, approved by the                conflicts to the Board as appropriate, attaching conditions to the
Committee or the Board. Should the Executive Director wish to take           authorisation where necessary. If a Director makes a request to take
on any external appointments, this would also be subject to Board            on a new external position during the year, the Chair (or the Senior
consent. In line with UK Code recommendations, the Executive                 Independent Director in respect of the Chair) considers the proposed
Director is not permitted to hold more than one non-executive                external appointment and escalates to the Committee for
directorship with a FTSE 100 company or other significant                    authorisation where a conflict or potential conflict could arise.
appointments.                                                                The Board considers that the procedures for dealing with conflicts
During 2022, the Committee considered the time commitment                    of interest operate effectively.
required of the Non-executive Directors. Taking into account the             Board effectiveness
varying demands of the business, it was concluded that the time              The Committee oversees the process by which the Board, its
commitment required of Directors needed to be refreshed. The                 Committees and individual Directors’ effectiveness is assessed. The
current time expectations for Board and Committee membership                 2022 Board evaluation was conducted internally using a
are set out in the following table. The time expectations of Directors       questionnaire. The findings were presented to the Committee and
performing Chair roles is considerably more.                                 the Board in March 2023 and suggested actions to address areas of
                                                                             focus identified by the evaluation were discussed. The themes,
                                                                             summary of actions and progress are set out on page 201.
  Number of regular scheduled meetings                                       Governance
                                                         Approximate time
                                                                             The Committee reviews the Group’s governance framework regularly,
  Board                                                      commitment      monitoring the Group’s significant governance policies, (including
      6 meetings                                                   33 days
                                                                             governance arrangements of the Group’s main subsidiaries),
                                                                             recommending changes to the Board as appropriate.
  Audit Committee
      5 meetings                                        15 days

  Risk Committee
      5 meetings                                        8.5 days

  Remuneration Committee
      4 meetings                             6 days

  Nomination & Governance Committee
      3 meetings                  5 days

  Responsibility & Sustainability Working Group
      4 meetings                             5.5 days




210                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                   Group overview




                                                                                       Audit Committee
                                                                                                                                                                   Strategic report
                                                                                       report
                                                                                       In 2022, the Committee has continued to

                                                                                                                                                                   Governance
                                                                                       support the Group through the transition to
                                                                                       being a purely Asia and Africa focused
                                                                                       business, gaining a greater understanding of
                                                                                       the issues facing our subsidiary businesses
                                                                                       while overseeing the challenges of the new
Committee’s purpose
The Committee’s purpose is to assist the Board in meeting its
                                                                                       IFRS 17 standard and auditor transition
                                                                                       activities.




                                                                                                                                                                   Directors’ remuneration report
responsibilities for the integrity of the Group’s financial reporting,
including the effectiveness of the internal control and risk
management system and for monitoring the effectiveness
and objectivity of internal and external auditors.
                                                                                       David Law
More information about the Audit Committee can be found                                Chair of the Audit Committee
in its terms of reference, which are available at
www.prudentialplc.com
Membership and 2022 meeting attendance                                                 Dear shareholders
                                                                                       2022 has been another busy year for the Audit Committee as the
Committee members                                  2022 meetings   1
                                                                                       Group became a purely Asia and Africa focused business.
David Law, Chair                                   8/8
                                                                                       At the start of the year, the Committee considered that the following




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial statements
Jeremy Anderson                                    8/8                                 should be the key areas of focus in addition to its regular ongoing
Arijit Basu2                                       2/2                                 responsibilities.
Chua Sock Koong3                                   3/3                                 1.	Monitoring the Group’s preparedness for reporting under IFRS 17
                                                                                           and understanding the implications of the transition;
Philip Remnant                                     7/8
                                                                                       2.	Deepening the Committee’s understanding of the accounting
Alice Schroeder     4
                                                   4/4
                                                                                           judgements and issues in the Group’s major subsidiary businesses;
Jeanette Wong                                      8/8
                                                                                       3.	Overseeing transitional activities relating to the change of external
Amy Yip                                            8/8                                     auditor in 2023; and




                                                                                                                                                                   European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Regular attendees                                                                      4.	Ensuring the Group’s financial controls remain robust during a
> Chair of the Board                                                                       period of transition for the business.
> Chief Executive Officer                                                              I am pleased that at the end of the year the review of the
> Group Chief Financial Officer                                                        Committee’s effectiveness concluded that we had delivered against
> Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer                                              these objectives.
> Senior members of the Finance function                                               IFRS 17 became effective on 1 January 2023, alongside the adoption
> Company Secretary                                                                    of IFRS 9. This is a significant undertaking for the Group’s finance
> Group Chief Internal Auditor                                                         teams and the Committee has been kept informed of progress on a
> External Audit Partner                                                               regular basis. During the year, systems implementation was
> Chief Security Officer                                                               completed and the transition balance sheet on 1 January 2022
                                                                                       produced. In addition to time spent in meetings overseeing
Notes                                                                                  implementation and discussing areas of judgment, the Committee
1 The Committee held four joint meetings with the Risk Committee, in addition to the
  eight Audit Committee meetings. All members attended the joint meetings.
                                                                                       has spent time getting to understand the new regime and how it is
2 Arijit Basu joined the Audit Committee on 1 September 2022. Prior to joining, he     expected to impact the Group. I suspect there will be significant
  attended one Audit Committee meeting and one joint Audit and Risk Committee          challenges ahead in bedding down this complex project and also




                                                                                                                                                                   Additional information
  meeting as an observer.                                                              helping stakeholders understand its impact across the industry. More
3 Chua Sock Koong stepped down from the Audit Committee on 1 May 2022. After
  stepping down, Chua Sock Koong attended one additional joint Audit and Risk
                                                                                       information on the project and expected impact on our transition is
  Committee meeting.                                                                   contained in note A3.2 of the IFRS financial statements. Completion
4 Alice Schroeder stepped down from the Audit Committee on 26 May 2022.                of the audited comparatives will be a significant focus for the
                                                                                       Committee in the first half of 2023.




                                                                                                               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   211
Committee reports / Audit Committee report / continued




In order to increase its focus on the Group’s Asia entities, the          External auditor
Committee set out to strengthen its relationships in 2022 with the        An important part of the Committee’s work consists of overseeing
finance teams and audit committees in our most material                   the relationship with the Group’s external auditor, including
subsidiaries. To that end, in addition to the usual written updates on    safeguarding independence and approving non-audit fees. The
the activities of the local audit committees, I meet regularly with the   Committee continued its practice of meeting privately with KPMG
chairs of our Material Subsidiary audit committee chairs and provide      and I have held a number of meetings with the lead partner
an update to the Committee on important points raised at local level.     throughout the year.
In addition to its ongoing consideration of matters regarding the
Material Subsidiaries, the Committee has also received presentations      The audit of the 2022 year-end results will be the final one by the
from local audit committee chairs and finance teams from the              Group’s current auditor, KPMG LLP (KPMG), and I would like to thank
Material Subsidiaries. This helped to deepen the Committee’s              them for their support and hard work over their years of service.
understanding and facilitate discussion of key accounting                 As reported in the 2020 Annual Report, following a rigorous tendering
assumptions and judgements, control matters, key products and the         process the Board resolved that it intends to recommend EY for
drivers of profitability in those businesses. In order to continue to     appointment as the Group’s auditor for the financial year ending
foster closer working relationships with the audit and risk committees,   31 December 2023 onwards, subject to shareholder approval at the
in September Jeremy Anderson and I chaired a conference attended          AGM in 2023. The Committee is therefore also overseeing the Group’s
by the non-executive directors of the Group’s Material Subsidiaries.      relationship with EY, their independence from Prudential and the
We have continued to pay particular attention to our whistleblowing       transition plan. EY have been undertaking assurance work on the
procedures and monitored these for any indicators of issues. I have       Group’s IFRS 17 comparatives in advance of the publication of its first
met privately with the Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer and/       IFRS 17 results at Half Year 2023. We have also met regularly with
or Chief Security Officer to discuss significant cases and how they are   them to discuss progress. Their work has assisted with the transition
investigated and resolved. These are also discussed in private sessions   and I also met with their lead partners regularly.
with the Committee, the Board or the relevant local audit committee       Internal audit
as appropriate.                                                           The Committee receives regular updates from the Group Chief
Committee membership and compliance with                                  Internal Auditor and key members of his team and I meet regularly
regulatory and governance requirements                                    with him and the Group-wide Quality Assurance Director to discuss
In September, Arijit Basu joined the Committee. Arijit has extensive      internal audit work and matters arising. Having a strong function with
executive experience in the banking and insurance industries in India.    appropriate resource focused on our key risks has been a priority of
His full biography and experiences are set out on page 183. In May,       the Committee throughout the year.
the Committee said goodbye to Alice Schroeder who stepped down            Finally, I would like to thank our management colleagues for their
from the Committee and from the Board, while Chua Sock Koong also         huge efforts this past year in difficult circumstances, their
stepped down from the Committee as part of a refresh in the               responsiveness to challenge and the quality of papers; and my fellow
membership of several of the Board Committees as announced on             Committee members for their diligence and contribution throughout
26 April. I thank them both for their contributions.                      the year.
At the conclusion of the 2023 AGM, the Committee will also bid
farewell to Philip Remnant who will step down from the Committee
and the Board. He has served on both since January 2013. Philip has
seen through many significant events in these years and we will miss
his wise counsel. I am extremely grateful for his support and             David Law
contribution throughout my period as Chair.                               Chair of the Audit Committee
Further, for the purposes of the UK and Hong Kong Corporate
Governance Codes, each member of the Committee has recent and
relevant financial experience. Detailed information on the experience,
qualifications and skillsets of all Committee members can be found
on pages 181 to 187.
The effectiveness of the Committee was reviewed as part of the
annual Board evaluation, which confirmed that the Committee
continued to operate effectively during the year, with actions agreed
where appropriate. Further details on the Board evaluation are set
out on pages 200 to 201.




212               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                               prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                   Group overview




Principal activities and significant issues considered by the Audit Committee during 2022
Accounting judgements and      One of the Committee’s key responsibilities is to monitor the integrity of the financial statements and any other


                                                                                                                                                   Strategic report
estimates supporting the       periodic financial reporting. This includes, the half-year financial statements, the Annual Report (including
Group’s results                compliance with the GWS public reporting requirements), associated results announcements and Form 20-F
                               disclosures, as well as the annual update of the Group’s published Tax Strategy.
                               In reviewing these and other items, the Committee received reports from management and, as appropriate,
                               reports from internal and external assurance providers.
                               When considering financial reporting matters, the Committee assesses compliance with relevant accounting
                               standards, regulations and governance codes focusing on key areas of judgement and complexity. No material
                               changes to accounting policies were made during 2022. The Committee continued to receive updates on the

                                                                                                                                                   Governance
                               Group’s implementation of IFRS 9 ‘Financial Instruments’ and IFRS 17 ‘Insurance Contracts’, which became
                               effective on 1 January 2023. The approach to and the impact of adopting these standards is further discussed
                               in note A3.2 of the IFRS financial statements.
                               The Committee reviewed the key assumptions and judgements supporting the Group’s IFRS results, including
                               those made in valuing the Group’s investments, insurance liabilities and intangible assets under IFRS, together
                               with reports on the operation of internal controls to derive these amounts. The Committee also reviewed the
                               assumptions underpinning the Group’s European Embedded Value (EEV) metrics.
                               Assumptions setting




                                                                                                                                                   Directors’ remuneration report
                               The measurement of insurance liabilities is based on estimates of future cash flows, including those to and from
                               policyholders, over a long period of time. These estimates can, depending on the type of business, be highly
                               judgemental. The Committee considered changes to assumptions and other estimates used to derive IFRS
                               insurance liabilities and for EEV reporting. The key assumptions reviewed were:
                               > Within the insurance businesses, persistency, mortality, morbidity (including expectations of future medical
                                 costs inflation and related premium rises) and expense assumptions (including consideration of future
                                 expense levels anticipated in the business plan). When assessing assumptions the Committee considered
                                 recent experience, including the impact of any short-term Covid-related disruption.
                               > Economic assumptions, including investment return and associated risk discount rates, which generally
                                 increased as interest rates rose in the year, leading to adverse impacts on the Group’s EEV.
                               The Committee was satisfied that the assumptions adopted by management were appropriate.




                                                                                                                                                   Financial statements
                               In addition to the above the Committee received and considered information on the impact on the Group’s
                               metrics of the adoption of the Risk-Based Capital regime in Hong Kong. This included in particular the
                               refinements needed to the methodology used to calculate Hong Kong’s IFRS policyholder liabilities and the
                               impact of that change as further described in note C3.2 in the IFRS financial statements. The impact on the
                               Group’s EEV is set out in the basis of preparation and note 8 of the EEV financial statements.
                               Valuation of investments
                               The Committee received information on the carrying value of investments in the Group’s balance sheet
                               acknowledging that the vast majority of the Group’s investments are based on quoted prices in an active




                                                                                                                                                   European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                               market (circa 80 per cent being included in level 1 as at 31 December 2022). Further information on the
                               valuation of assets is contained in note C2 of the IFRS financial statements. The Committee satisfied itself that
                               overall investments were valued appropriately.
                               Intangible assets
                               The Committee received information to enable it to review the more material intangible asset balances, for
                               example, whether there had been any indication of impairment of the Group’s distribution rights asset or
                               goodwill in light of the current macroeconomic environment. The Committee was satisfied that there was no
                               impairment of these intangible assets at 31 December 2022. Further information is contained in note C4 of the
                               IFRS financial statements.

Other financial                Going concern and viability statements
reporting matters              The Committee considered various analyses from management regarding the capital and liquidity positions at
                               Group and parent company level, taking into account the Group’s principal risks. This included an assessment of
                               the impact that different stress scenarios may have on the Group’s plan and its resilience to those threats.
                               Following this review, the Committee recommended to the Board that it could conclude that the financial
                               statements should continue to be prepared on a going concern basis and that the disclosures in the 2022
                               Annual Report on the Group’s longer-term viability were both reasonable and appropriate.




                                                                                                                                                   Additional information




                                                                                                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   213
Committee reports / Audit Committee report / continued




Principal activities and significant issues considered by the Audit Committee during 2022
Other financial reporting          Fair, balanced and understandable requirement
matters continued                  The Committee carried out a formal review of whether the 2022 Annual Report were ‘fair, balanced and
                                   understandable’ as required by the UK Corporate Governance Code. In particular, it considered whether the
                                   report gave a full picture of the Group’s business model, strategy, financial position and performance in the year,
                                   with important messages appropriately highlighted. It also considered the level of consistency between
                                   financial statements and narrative sections, whether performance measures were clearly explained and the
                                   prominence of alternative performance measures.
                                   After completion of its detailed review, the Committee was satisfied that, taken as a whole, the Group’s Annual
                                   Report is fair, balanced and understandable.
                                   Taxation
                                   The Committee regularly received updates on the Group’s tax matters and provisions for certain open tax items,
                                   including tax matters in litigation. The Committee was satisfied that the level of provisioning adopted by
                                   management was appropriate. See notes B3 and C7 of the IFRS financial statements. In 2022, the Committee
                                   was also updated on the OECD proposals to reform international tax including the introduction of a global
                                   minimum tax rate of 15 per cent likely to be effective from 2024.
                                   The Committee received updates in November 2022 and February 2023 about the anticipated change in tax
                                   residency of Prudential plc from the UK to Hong Kong, which became effective from 3 March 2023, as a
                                   consequence of the strategic shift to being an Asia and Africa focused business.
                                   Parent company financial statements
                                   The Committee reviewed the parent company profit and loss account and balance sheet, which included the
                                   recoverability of the parent company’s investment in subsidiaries by assessing and confirming that the net
                                   assets of the relevant subsidiaries (being an approximation of their minimum recoverable amount) were in
                                   excess of their carrying value at the balance sheet date.
                                   FRC’s thematic reviews on TCFD and climate disclosures
                                   The FRC’s Corporate Reporting Review (CRR) team carried out a limited scope review of the Group’s TCFD
                                   disclosures and disclosures of climate in the 2021 Annual Report. The review is based solely on the Annual
                                   Report and does not benefit from detailed knowledge of Prudential’s business or an understanding of the
                                   underlying transactions entered into. Following completion of the review, the Committee was provided with a
                                   letter from the FRC’s CRR team and was pleased to note that no questions or queries were raised by the FRC. In
                                   preparing its 2022 Annual Report, the Group has taken account of a number of improvements applicable to all
                                   companies following the thematic review alongside suggestions made to the Group by the FRC following its
                                   review.

External audit                     External audit effectiveness
                                   The Group’s current external auditor is KPMG and oversight of the relationship with KPMG is one of the
                                   Committee’s key responsibilities. Matters considered by the Committee in the year included:
                                   > The detailed audit strategy for the year, approach to risk assessment and coverage of the audit response to
                                     highlighted significant risks;
                                   > Their approach to Group materiality setting and their proposal on how that is applied to the individual
                                     business units;
                                   > Insight around the key accounting judgements and the way KPMG applied constructive challenge and
                                     professional scepticism in dealing with management; and
                                   > The outcome of management’s internal evaluation of the auditor, which was based on a questionnaire
                                     survey circulated to the Committee members, independent members of the audit committees of Material
                                     Subsidiaries, the Group Chief Financial Officer and the Group’s senior financial leadership for completion.
                                     The survey covered audit quality and execution, team performance, process and communication in relation
                                     to the 2021 audit. In addition, the Committee discussed the results of the latest FRC review with KPMG,
                                     including any implications for the Prudential audit and any actions being taken by KPMG to address these.
                                   The Committee maintains an open dialogue on emerging risks and issues with the Group Lead Partner via a
                                   regular schedule of meetings aligned to key reporting milestones. In 2022 the Committee formally met with the
                                   Group Lead Partner without management present on two separate occasions.
                                   The 2022 audit is expected to be the last one completed by KPMG. Following a tender process undertaken in
                                   2020, the Board will recommend to shareholders that it appoints EY as the Group’s new auditors in 2023. This is
                                   discussed further below.




214              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                     prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                     Group overview




Principal activities and significant issues considered by the Audit Committee during 2022
External Audit continued


                                                                                                                                                     Strategic report
                               Auditor independence and objectivity
                               The Committee has responsibility for monitoring auditor independence and objectivity and is supported in
                               doing so by the Group’s Auditor Independence Policy (the Policy). The Policy is approved annually by the
                               Committee. It sets out the circumstances in which the external auditor may be permitted to undertake
                               non-audit services and is based on four key principles which specify that the auditor should not:
                               > Have a mutual or conflicting interest with the Group;
                               > Audit its own firm’s work;
                               > Act as management or employees for the Group; or
                               > Be put in a position of being an advocate for the Group.

                                                                                                                                                     Governance
                               The Policy has two permissible service types: those that require specific approval by the Committee on an
                               engagement basis and those that are pre-approved by the Committee with an annual monetary limit capped
                               at no more than five per cent of the Group audit fee in the proposed year and capped at $65,000 individually.
                               The Policy also provides that the total fees payable to KPMG for non-audit services, other than those required by
                               law or regulation, shall be limited to no more than 70 per cent of the average audit fees paid in the past three
                               consecutive financial years. In accordance with the Policy, the Committee approved these permissible services,
                               classified as either audit or non-audit services, and monitored the usage of the annual limits on a quarterly
                               basis. Non-audit services undertaken by KPMG were agreed prior to the commencement of work, except as




                                                                                                                                                     Directors’ remuneration report
                               noted below, and were confirmed as permissible for the external auditor to undertake in accordance with the
                               Policy which complies with the rules and regulations of the FRC’s Revised Ethical Standard (2019), the US
                               Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
                               Board (PCAOB).
                               The Committee monitored the nature and extent of non-audit services on a regular basis to ensure the provision
                               of non-audit services complied with the Group’s Policy and did not impair the auditor’s objectivity or
                               independence. The Committee noted that KPMG typically only performed non-audit services where they
                               complemented its role as external auditor, for example the review of half year and EEV financial statements or
                               additional assurance to support capital market requirements.
                               In keeping with professional ethical standards, KPMG confirmed its independence to the Committee and set out
                               the supporting evidence for its conclusion in a report that was considered by the Committee prior to publication
                               of the financial results. Included in this review, KPMG advised the Committee that, as covered in their audit




                                                                                                                                                     Financial statements
                               report, two KPMG member firms have provided services in connection with the preparation of local statutory
                               accounts and their translation into a different language. These services were provided to three of the Group’s
                               subsidiaries for either no or a nominal additional fee. The entities concerned were not individually significant to
                               the Group’s audit, the services did not involve management decisions and were provided after the Group audit
                               opinion was signed in the years concerned. The Committee agreed with KPMG’s assessment that this has not
                               impaired their integrity or objectivity. The Committee asked management to ensure suitable reminders were
                               shared with local teams and that they engaged with the incoming auditor to ensure procedures were sufficiently
                               robust to identify such services before they took place.
                               In line with the FRC’s Ethical Standard, the rules and regulations of the SEC and the standards of the PCAOB, a




                                                                                                                                                     European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                               new KPMG Group Lead Partner, Stuart Crisp, was appointed for the 2022 audit following completion of a five
                               year term by the prior lead partner at the end of the 2021 reporting cycle.
                               The Committee will continue to monitor developments to ensure the Group’s policies and processes around
                               audit effectiveness and independence evolve in line with market practice. During 2022 it also approved fees
                               payable to EY under the same policy, where applicable, to ensure the firm is independent prior to being
                               recommended for appointment as the Group’s auditor at the 2023 AGM.
                               Fees paid to the external auditor
                               The fees paid to KPMG for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to $10.9 million (2021: $15.5 million)
                               of which $3.3 million (2021: $6.5 million) was total amounts payable in respect of non-audit services, except
                               those required by law and regulation, as defined by the FRC’s Revised Ethical Standard (2019). A breakdown of
                               the fees payable to KPMG can be found in note B2.4 of the IFRS financial statements. The ratio of non audit
                               fees for the Group in 2022 over the average of audit fees for the past three years is 31 per cent (2021:
                               51 per cent) for the Group, 39 per cent (2021: 19 per cent) below the 70 per cent cap set by the FRC.
                               Total non-audit service fees that are subject to non-audit fee cap in 2022 were $3.3 million (2021: $4.4 million
                               excluding one-off amounts related to the demerger of Jackson and the public offering of equity shares in Hong




                                                                                                                                                     Additional information
                               Kong). The 2022 services associated with this amount included the review of the Group’s half year financial
                               statements and EEV disclosures and assurance work performed by KPMG in connection with Prudential’s debt
                               programme and other internal assurance work.
                               In all these cases, the audit firm was considered the most appropriate to carry out the work, given its knowledge
                               of the Group and the synergies that arise from running these engagements alongside its main audit.
                               All non-audit services were pre-approved by the Committee and were in line with the Policy discussed above.


                                                                                                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   215
Committee reports / Audit Committee report / continued




Principal activities and significant issues considered by the Audit Committee during 2022
External Audit continued           Appointment of the external auditor
                                   KPMG was appointed in 1999 and since 2005, the Committee has annually considered the need to retender the
                                   external audit service. Following the competitive tender process in 2020, the Board resolved that it intends to
                                   recommend EY for appointment for the year ending 31 December 2023 onwards, subject to shareholders’
                                   approval at the 2023 AGM. Full details of the tender process were included in the 2020 Annual Report, including
                                   the two firms recommended by the Committee and how the firms were evaluated.
                                   Transition to the new auditor has commenced. EY has been providing assurance work in connection with
                                   the Group’s IFRS 17 project and through this work regularly attends Committee meetings and meets with
                                   senior members of the financial leadership. EY has confirmed its independence to the Committee and the
                                   Committee has reaffirmed its view that the Board should recommend EY be appointed as the Group Auditor
                                   at the 2023 AGM.
                                   Throughout the 2022 financial year, the Company has complied with the provisions of the Statutory Audit
                                   Services for Large Companies Market Investigation (Mandatory Use of Competitive Tender Processes and Audit
                                   Committee Responsibilities) Order 2014 issued by the UK Competition and Markets Authority.

Whistleblowing                     Speak Out
                                   The Group continues to operate a Group-wide whistleblowing programme (‘Speak Out’), hosted by an
                                   independent third party (Navex). The Speak Out programme received ad hoc reports from a wide variety of
                                   channels, including a web portal, hotline, email and letters. Reports are captured, confidentially recorded by
                                   Navex, and triaged by Group Security Investigations prior to investigation by the appropriate teams.
                                   The Committee is responsible for oversight of the effectiveness of the Group’s whistleblowing arrangements.
                                   The Committee received regular reports on the most serious cases and other significant matters raised through
                                   the programme and the actions taken to address them. The Committee was also briefed on emerging Speak
                                   Out trends and themes, causal factors and post-investigation remediation. The Committee may, and has,
                                   requested further reviews of particular areas of interest.
                                   Through an Annual Speak Out Report and quarterly updates, the Committee reviews the Group’s Speak Out
                                   programme, satisfying itself that it continues to comply with legal, regulatory and governance requirements.
                                   The Committee also considered the consistency of approach adopted across subsidiary audit committees,
                                   where locally recorded Speak Out events, themes and trends are also briefed and considered. The Speak Out
                                   programme has been further strengthened during the year by the management level committees. Where
                                   relevant, the Committee requested information on the sharing of lessons learned.
                                   The Committee Chair and Committee spend time privately, with the Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer
                                   and Group Chief Security Officer, to ensure that investigations were adequately resourced and appropriately
                                   managed, that there had been no retaliation against anyone making a report and that investigations were not
                                   improperly influenced and to understand outcomes of investigations.
                                   An annual assessment of Speak Out arrangements is undertaken by an independent UK based Whistleblowing
                                   Charity (‘Protect’) and benchmarked against peers. The assessment confirmed that the Group’s programme
                                   continued to perform well and in accordance with best practice.

Internal audit                     Regular reporting
                                   The Committee received regular updates from Group-wide Internal Audit (GwIA) on audits conducted and
                                   management’s progress in addressing audit findings within agreed timelines. Any delays in implementing
                                   remediation actions were escalated to the Committee and given particular scrutiny.
                                   The independent assurance provided by GwIA formed a key part of the Committee’s deliberations on the
                                   Group’s overall control environment. During 2022, the areas reviewed included: transformation and change
                                   management; financial controls; outsourcing and third-party supply; customer outcomes; cyber security and IT
                                   risk; compliance and regulatory; and the second line.
                                   The Group Chief Internal Auditor reports functionally to the Committee Chair and has direct access to the Chair
                                   of the Board and to the Chief Executive Officer. For administrative purposes (excluding strictly all audit related
                                   matters), the Group Chief Internal Auditor has a reporting line to the Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer.
                                   In addition to formal Committee meetings, the Committee meets with the Group Chief Internal Auditor in
                                   private to discuss matters relating to, for example, the effectiveness of the internal audit function, significant
                                   audit findings and the risk and control culture of the organisation.
                                   The Committee Chair also meets with GwIA’s Quality Assurance Director to discuss the outcome of the quality
                                   reviews of GwIA’s work and actions arising.




216              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                     prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                      Group overview




Principal activities and significant issues considered by the Audit Committee during 2022
Internal audit continued


                                                                                                                                                      Strategic report
                               Annual internal audit plan and focus for 2023
                               GwIA operates a rolling six-month approach to audit planning. The Committee approved the plan for the
                               second half (H2) of 2022. It also considered and approved the Internal Audit Plan, resource and budget for the
                               first half (H1) of 2023.
                               The H1 2023 Internal Audit Plan was formulated based on a bottom-up risk assessment of audit needs mapped
                               against various metrics combined with top-down challenge. The plan was then mapped against a series of risk
                               and control parameters, including the top risks identified by the Risk Committee, to verify that it is appropriately
                               balanced between financial, business change, regulatory and operational risk drivers and provides appropriate
                               coverage of key risk areas and audit themes within a risk-based cycle of coverage. Key areas of focus for H1 2023


                                                                                                                                                      Governance
                               include: strategic change initiatives; customer outcomes; cyber security; financial risk and financial controls;
                               culture; outsourcing and regulatory compliance.
                               Effectiveness of internal audit
                               The Committee is responsible for approval of the GwIA charter, audit plan, resources, and for monitoring the
                               effectiveness of the function.
                               The Committee also assesses the effectiveness of GwIA through a combination of External Quality Assessment
                               (EQA) reviews, required every five years, and an annual internal effectiveness review.
                               In Q4 2021, Deloitte performed an EQA of GwIA, which assessed GwIA as a mature function that ‘Generally




                                                                                                                                                      Directors’ remuneration report
                               Conforms’ (the highest rating under the framework) with the Institute of Internal Audit International
                               Professional Practices Framework and Internal Audit Financial Services Code of Practice (the Standards), and
                               with the approach to meeting the requirements and expectations of the Hong Kong IA including the GWS
                               framework. The assessment also considered GwIA’s purpose, position, processes and reporting in the context of
                               the Group’s wider systems of governance.
                               Having considered the findings of the EQA, which was reported to the Committee in February 2022, and the
                               2022 Internal Effectiveness review, performed by the GwIA Quality Assurance Director, the Committee
                               concluded that GwIA had continued to operate independently of management and in compliance with the
                               requirements of GwIA delegated authorities, procedures and practice standards in all material respects and had
                               remained aligned to mandated objectives during 2022.

Internal control and           Internal control and risk management systems




                                                                                                                                                      Financial statements
risk management                The Committee is responsible for reporting and making recommendations to the Board on the effectiveness of
                               the Group’s system of risk management and internal control.
                               The Committee considered the outcome of the annual review of the system of risk management and internal
                               control. The review identified specific areas for improvement and the necessary actions that have been, or are
                               being, taken.
                               Group Governance Manual
                               The Group Governance Manual (the Manual) sets out the general principles by which we conduct our business
                               and ourselves and defines our Group-wide approach to Governance, Risk Management and Internal Control.




                                                                                                                                                      European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                               Incorporating our Group Code of Business Conduct, the Manual sets out the general principles by which we
                               conduct our business and ourselves. Each business attests annually to compliance with:
                               > Mandatory requirements set out in Group-wide policies, including the Group Code of Business Conduct; and
                               > Matters requiring prior approval from those parties with delegated authority.
                               The Committee reviewed the results of the annual content review of the Manual and the results of the year-end
                               compliance attestation for the year ended 31 December 2022.




                                                                                                                                                      Additional information




                                                                                                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   217
Committee reports / Risk Committee report




                                                                                          Risk Committee
                                                                                          report
                                                                                          The Committee has continued to provide the
                                                                                          Board with strategic leadership, direction and
                                                                                          oversight of the multi-faceted and often
                                                                                          inter-connected risks for the Group in a year
                                                                                          of uncertainty and volatility.
 Committee’s purpose
 The Committee’s purpose is to assist the Board in providing
 leadership, direction and oversight of the Group’s overall risk                          Jeremy Anderson
 appetite, tolerance and strategy. It oversees and advises the                            Chair of the Risk Committee
 Board on the current and potential risks to the Group, reviews and
 approves the Group’s risk management framework, and monitors
 its effectiveness and adherence to the various risk policies.                            Dear shareholders
                                                                                          As Chair of the Risk Committee, I am pleased to report on the
 More information on the Risk Committee can be                                            Committee’s activities and focus during 2022. The Committee
 found in its terms of reference, which are available                                     considered the challenges presented by the confluence of
 at www.prudentialplc.com                                                                 macroeconomic volatility, geopolitical tensions and Covid-19, with
 Membership and 2022 meeting attendance                                                   specific focus on the management of non-financial risks that may
                                                                                          impact operational resilience and lead to reputational risk, such
 Committee members                                 2022 meetings1,5                       as those associated with third parties and outsourcing, customer
 Jeremy Anderson, Chair                            7/7                                    conduct and technology risk. Moreover, the Committee has made
                                                                                          people a first-order focus, in recognition of the many demands on
 David Law                                         7/7                                    resources across the Group.
 Ming Lu   2
                                                   7/7                                    The key risks and matters considered by the Committee are
 George Sartorel3                                  5/5                                    summarised in this letter, with further information included in the
                                                                                          table below. In areas where risks are strategic or have broader impact,
 Alice Schroeder4                                  3/3
                                                                                          the Risk Committee escalates to the Board for a wider discussion.
 Tom Watjen                                        7/7
                                                                                          Committee operation and governance
 Jeanette Wong                                     6/7                                    As part of its duties detailed above, the Committee reviews the Group
                                                                                          Risk Framework (GRF) to ensure that it remains effective in identifying
 Regular attendees                                                                        and managing the risks faced by the Group and recommends
 > Chair of the Board                                                                     changes for approval by the Board. We considered and approved the
 > Chief Executive Officer                                                                Risk, Compliance and Security (RCS) function’s planned activities for
 > Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer                                                2022 and received regular reports from the Group Chief Risk and
 > Group Chief Financial Officer                                                          Compliance Officer (CRCO), who is advised by the Group Executive
                                                                                          Risk Committee (GERC). We also received regular reports from the
 > Company Secretary
                                                                                          GwIA function and updates from other areas of the business as
 > Group Chief Internal Auditor                                                           needed.
 Members of the Group Risk Leadership Team are invited to attend                          The Committee works closely with the Audit Committee to ensure
 each meeting as appropriate.                                                             both committees are updated and aligned on matters of common
 Notes                                                                                    interest, and I report to the Board on the main matters discussed.
 1 The Committee held four joint meetings with the Risk Committee, in addition to the     Commencing in the second half of 2022, the CRCOs of the Group’s
   seven Risk Committee meetings. All members attended the joint meetings.
 2 Ming Lu stepped down from the Risk Committee on 1 May 2022.
                                                                                          Material Subsidiaries have been invited to present to the Committee
 3 George Sartorel joined the Risk Committee on 1 May 2022.                               on a rotational basis, to help deepen the Committee’s understanding
 4 Alice Schroeder stepped down from the Board following the conclusion of the AGM held   of risks relevant to the local businesses. Regular direct communication
   on 26 May 2022.                                                                        and close cooperation with each of the Material Subsidiary risk
 5 Arijit Basu attended one of the meetings as an observer, as part of his induction
   programme.
                                                                                          committee chairs remains a key component of our governance
                                                                                          framework, and at each meeting I update the Committee on
                                                                                          important points raised at local level. In order to continue to foster a
                                                                                          close working relationship with the local audit and risk committees
                                                                                          and deepen understanding of Group-wide risk topics, David Law and
                                                                                          I chaired a conference attended by the non-executive directors of the
                                                                                          Group’s Material Subsidiaries.


218                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                        prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                   Group overview




The effectiveness of the Committee was reviewed as part of the             Customer conduct risk
annual Board evaluation, which confirmed that the Committee                Treating customers fairly, honestly and with integrity remains a key



                                                                                                                                                   Strategic report
continued to operate effectively during the year, with actions agreed      focus area of the Group and the Committee. In addition to receiving
where necessary to improve its effectiveness.                              regular updates, a joint session of the Risk and Audit Committees in
                                                                           September 2022 was dedicated to customer conduct risk, where the
Risk appetite and principal risks
                                                                           Committee considered the implementation and actions relevant to
a. Risk governance, capital and liquidity
                                                                           the continuous developments in the Group’s conduct risk framework.
The Committee performed its regular review of the Group’s risk
                                                                           Going forward, the Committee will work with the Audit Committee
policies and proposed changes to the Group risk appetite statements
                                                                           and the Responsibility & Sustainability Working Group (RSWG) on
and associated limits. We regularly reviewed the strength of our
                                                                           matters relating to customer conduct risk.
capital and liquidity positions, including the results of stress and
scenario analyses.                                                         Model risk


                                                                                                                                                   Governance
                                                                           Following the review that I led in 2021 on the oversight and
b. The Group’s principal risks
                                                                           governance arrangements of the Group’s critical models, a number of
The Committee considered the principal risks to the Group’s financial
                                                                           enhancement actions have been taken throughout the year at Group
viability, operational resilience and sustainability. These included the
                                                                           and business unit level. In February 2022, the Committee updated its
long-term macroeconomic impacts of Covid-19, geopolitical tensions,
                                                                           terms of reference to expand the model risk oversight expectations
inflationary pressure, rising interest rates and slowing economic
                                                                           and responsibilities and similar changes were implemented in the
growth. Risks associated with the Group’s digital transformation and
                                                                           Group’s Material Subsidiaries. Relevant model risk training has
sustainability agenda were also considered. The Committee reviewed
                                                                           been presented to the Committee and executive members of these
the Group’s annual Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA) report
                                                                           subsidiaries to facilitate effective oversight. The Committee also
in May 2022 and in-depth reviews were performed on existing and




                                                                                                                                                   Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                           received updates on model risk developments across the Group,
emerging high-risk areas. A fuller explanation of the principal risks
                                                                           including areas of risk, controls in place and validation activity.
facing the Group and the way in which these are managed is set out
in the Risk Review on pages 49 to 63.                                      The Committee received regular updates on the Group internal
                                                                           economic capital assessment (GIECA) model results in 2022, prior to
Sustainability, including climate change risk
                                                                           submission to the Hong Kong Insurance Authority (HKIA). The
In July 2022, oversight responsibilities for environmental and
                                                                           updates considered key assumptions, the governance framework and
climate-related issues, including the ongoing implementation of the
                                                                           validation activity for the GIECA model. The Committee focused on
Group’s external commitments to the decarbonisation of its
                                                                           the use of the GIECA model which provides a consistent risk and
operations and investment portfolio and other climate-focused
                                                                           return lens for capital allocation and decision making across various
external responsible investment commitments were transferred to
                                                                           business processes including business planning, product pricing,
the Committee. The Committee’s terms of reference were changed to
                                                                           strategic business decision and remuneration management. We also
reflect its holistic role in overseeing these areas. Building on changes
                                                                           considered the approach and the application of the Risk-Based
implemented in 2021, the embedding of ESG considerations into the




                                                                                                                                                   Financial statements
                                                                           Capital (RBC) regime for our Hong Kong business and received
GRF continued during the year, such as explicitly including
                                                                           regulatory approval for early adoption in April 2022.
consideration of risks in the context of the time horizon of expected
benefits/paybacks of decisions within core strategic processes where       I would like to take this opportunity to thank my fellow Committee
‘risk-based decision-making’ must be incorporated. Time horizons for       members and Prudential’s RCS function, both at Group and business
the purposes of climate disclosures have been defined and included         unit level, in supporting the crucial work of the Committee in the
in the GRF.                                                                midst of a complex macroeconomic, geopolitical and regulatory
                                                                           environment.
Digital and technology risks
The Committee received regular updates on the key risks associated
with technology across the Group, including notable incidents,




                                                                                                                                                   European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
regulatory developments, governance and strategy, as well as
developments in the global cybersecurity threat landscape such as
the rise in prominence of ransomware, and the progress of cyber-
attack simulation exercises with senior executives and readiness
training across the Group.                                                 Jeremy Anderson
Joint sessions of the Risk Committee and Audit Committee were held         Chair of the Risk Committee
in May and July 2022 covering updates on the Group Data Policy and
data governance process, as well as the cybersecurity and privacy
posture across businesses, respectively.
In the backdrop of heightened risks involving IT service areas
managed by third parties, a deep dive was performed and the
Committee received regular updates on the improvement plans.




                                                                                                                                                   Additional information




                                                                                                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   219
Committee reports / Risk Committee report / continued




Principal activities and significant issues considered by the Risk Committee during 2022
Risk management                   Group principal risks, including Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer (CRCO) reporting
                                  The Committee evaluated the Group’s principal risks, considering recommendations for promoting additional
                                  risks and changes in the scope of existing risks. The Committee also received regular reporting on the Group’s
                                  exposure to, and management of, its principal risks, emerging risk themes and external developments within the
                                  Group CRCO’s regular report to the Committee. Further information on how the Group identifies emerging and
                                  principal risks can be found in the Risk Review.
                                  The Group CRCO’s reports also provided the Committee with regulatory updates, including the implications of
                                  the developing global capital standards, systemic risk regulation, engagement with the regulators (including the
                                  Supervisory College) and the Group’s ongoing compliance with the Group-wide Supervision Framework (GWS
                                  Framework).
                                  Covid-19 related risks
                                  While most markets have moved to an endemic approach in managing Covid-19, the developments and risks
                                  have been continuously monitored by the Committee including the ongoing resilience, and the level of mortality
                                  claims and policy lapses or surrenders in certain markets.
                                  Deep dives
                                  As part of its risk oversight responsibilities, the Committee considered the results of ‘deep dive’ risk reviews
                                  performed over the year.
                                  In 2022, these focused on the risks related to the Group’s Artificial Intelligence (AI) ethics and governance
                                  framework; agency sales practices and risk management in Indonesia; the Group’s data privacy governance
                                  framework; IT service management areas managed by third parties; the Group’s debt investment portfolio
                                  covering exposures to China property development sector and sub-investment grade debt; and the Group’s
                                  interest rate risk exposures and asset liability management. The Committee also considered the progress made
                                  in managing and addressing money laundering, fraud, bribery and corruption risks.
                                  Transformation oversight and people risk
                                  The Committee monitored the progress of the Group’s key strategic projects during the year which, in addition
                                  to those outlined in the letter above, included activities focused on IFRS 17 implementation and IBOR cessation.
                                  The Committee received regular updates on elevated people risk and mitigating actions. The Group is
                                  undergoing significant transformation and we noted the importance of management balancing the need
                                  to look after people whilst maintaining focus on desired outcomes. The Committee was updated on several
                                  people initiatives, including fostering better flexibility, inclusivity and psychological safety in the workplace to
                                  deepen belonging.
                                  Outsourcing management and third-party oversight
                                  The Committee received regular updates on the Group’s supplier and third party oversight and Joint Ventures
                                  (JVs). In May 2022, the Committee considered third parties, JVs and outsourcing management as part of
                                  the ORSA report, and approved the list of the Group’s material outsourcing arrangements prior to submission
                                  to the HKIA.
                                  Technology risk
                                  During 2022, updates were provided to the Committee on key external developments relevant to information
                                  security and data privacy, including changes in regulations and the external threat landscape. The Committee
                                  received regular progress updates on the operationalisation of the Group-wide governance model and strategy
                                  for the management of information security and data privacy risks, as well as material incidents and
                                  improvement plans.
                                  Two joint sessions of the Risk Committee and Audit Committee in May and July 2022 were dedicated to
                                  cybersecurity and data/privacy, where the Committees considered the matters detailed in the letter above.
                                  Sustainability, including climate change, risk
                                  Updates to the oversight responsibilities of the Committee and the continued embedding of climate risk
                                  considerations into the GRF have been detailed in the letter above.
                                  The Committee received regular updates on key climate-related regulatory and legislative developments,
                                  including those in respect of disclosure requirements, progress against the Group’s responsible investment
                                  commitments, its ESG ratings by external assessors and agencies, as well as the Group’s participation in industry
                                  fora, such as the Net Zero Asset Owner Alliance, and consultations, including that of the International
                                  Sustainability Standards Board on its proposed standards for general sustainability and climate-related
                                  disclosure requirements. In November 2022, a joint update by RCS and the ESG team to the Committee covered
                                  development plans for the Group’s reporting against TCFD recommendations and the results of an exercise to
                                  map out the material climate and climate-commitment-related activities to support the Committee’s plan with
                                  respect to its updated responsibilities within the broader ESG Strategic Framework and the ongoing
                                  implementation of the Group’s external climate-focused commitments.




220             Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                         prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                     Group overview




Principal activities and significant issues considered by the Risk Committee during 2022
Risk management continued


                                                                                                                                                     Strategic report
                               Remuneration
                               The Committee has a formal role in the provision of advice to the Remuneration Committee on risk
                               management considerations in respect of executive remuneration. It considered risk management
                               assessments of proposed executive remuneration structures and outcomes during the year, making related
                               recommendations to the Remuneration Committee for its consideration. In September 2022, the Committee
                               recommended to the Remuneration Committee to approve the use of GIECA in setting remuneration targets.
                               Stress and scenario testing
                               The Committee is responsible for reviewing the outcome and results of stress and scenario testing, which is a key
                               risk identification and measurement tool for the Group.


                                                                                                                                                     Governance
                               Stress and scenario testing is a key component of the Group’s ORSA process and the Risk Assessment of the
                               Business Plan, as described below, as well as its Recovery Planning and Reverse Stress Testing (RST).
                               The Group’s Recovery Plan, considered by the Committee in July 2022, included an assessment of the viability
                               and operational resilience of the Group under severe financial and non-financial shock scenarios, and actions
                               available to the Group to restore its financial strength in such circumstances. The Plan concluded that the Group
                               is expected to remain in a resilient financial and operational condition when under severe stress, with only a very
                               extreme scenario breaching the Group’s recovery activation measures, and that established governance
                               frameworks and procedures are in place for senior management to respond to actual and potential threats.




                                                                                                                                                     Directors’ remuneration report
                               Risk assessment of the Business Plan
                               As part of its role in overseeing and advising the Board on future risk exposures and strategic risks, the
                               Committee reviewed the Risk Assessment of the Business Plan, which highlighted key financial and non-financial
                               risks. The analysis reviewed included sensitivity assessments of the impact of various plausible scenarios.
                               Model risk management
                               The Committee received regular updates on the enhancement of the oversight and governance arrangements
                               which operate for the Group’s critical models, see details in the letter above. Recommendations were made in
                               2021 relating to 1) the central role of management in overseeing models; 2) the oversight expectations and
                               responsibilities for the Audit and Risk Committees at Group and business unit level; and 3) the development of
                               guidance and training to support committees in their roles in an appropriately consistent manner. These
                               recommendations were acted on in 2022 and changes and improvements have been made in all three areas.




                                                                                                                                                     Financial statements
Regulatory and                 GWS Framework
compliance matters             In May 2022, the Committee received confirmation of the completion of all agreed GWS transitional
                               arrangements. The Committee received regular updates on the ongoing assurance processes in compliance
                               with the GWS Framework with its wider responsibilities for compliance oversight.
                               Compliance and regulatory change
                               The Committee received regular reporting on key regulatory compliance risks and mitigation activities across
                               the Group’s businesses throughout the year, covering regulatory changes, reviews and interventions, including
                               those relating to money laundering, sanctions and geopolitical risks.




                                                                                                                                                     European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                               In addition to those outlined in the letter above, we also received regular updates on the Group’s customer
                               conduct risk metrics.
                               Group-wide Internal Audit
                               The Committee received updates from GwIA throughout the year relating to matters which fall within the scope
                               of its responsibilities.

Risk and compliance            Annual review of risk policies, risk framework compliance and Committee effectiveness
framework                      The GRF and risk policies were subject to their annual review, with amendments made to ensure the policies
                               remained fit for purpose and reflect developments within the Group. The Board approved the changes
                               recommended by the Committee.
                               The Committee reviewed the results of the annual Group Governance Manual year-end compliance attestation
                               performed by the business units against the GRF and associated policies.
                               In February 2022, the Committee considered the findings of the annual evaluation of Committee effectiveness,
                               agreeing actions where necessary to improve Committee effectiveness. In November 2022, the Committee
                               reviewed the actions taken in respect of how the Committee focuses its time and considered that the key areas




                                                                                                                                                     Additional information
                               of focus for 2022 had been adequately covered. In March 2023, it also considered the effectiveness of the RCS
                               function in overseeing the key risks to the Group.




                                                                                                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   221
Committee reports / Risk Committee report / continued




Principal activities and significant issues considered by the Risk Committee during 2022
Risk and compliance               Group Risk Appetite and Limits
framework continued               The Committee is responsible for recommending changes in the Group’s overall risk appetite and tolerance to
                                  the Board for approval.
                                  In July 2022, the Committee recommended for approval by the Board proposed recalibration of the Group Risk
                                  Appetite capital targets to ensure their continued appropriateness. In November 2022, as part of the annual
                                  review of Group Risk Limits, we approved a recalibration of Limits and Triggers on duration mismatches to reflect
                                  more recent market conditions. We also approved a decrease in the Group’s capital counter-cyclical buffer
                                  reflective of the assessed cycle position back to a more neutral position compared to the mid-to-late economic
                                  cycle assessed in Q4 2021.
                                  The Committee received regular reporting throughout the year on any appetite breach of the Group’s non-
                                  financial risk appetite.

External and regulatory           ORSA
reporting                         The ORSA is a key ongoing process for identifying, assessing, controlling, monitoring and reporting the risks to
                                  which the Group is exposed and assessing capital adequacy over the business planning horizon.
                                  In May 2022, the Committee considered the Group’s ORSA report, based on the Business Plan, prior to its
                                  approval by the Board and submission to the HKIA.
                                  Systemic Risk Management
                                  In July 2022, the Committee considered the Group’s Recovery Plan and Liquidity Risk Management Plan and
                                  recommended them for approval by the Board.
                                  Group Internal Economic Capital Assessment (GIECA)
                                  The Committee received the regular bi-annual updates on the GIECA results in May and November 2022, prior
                                  to submission to the HKIA. The updates also covered the governance framework and validation activity for the
                                  GIECA model. In November 2022, we approved the proposed changes to the GIECA risk modelling assumptions
                                  for FY 2022 reporting.
                                  The Committee received updates on the use of the GIECA model for business decision making in May and July
                                  2022.
                                  Hong Kong Risk-Based Capital regime (HK RBC)
                                  In February 2022, the Committee considered the planned application for early adoption of the Hong Kong RBC
                                  framework by the Group’s Hong Kong business which received HKIA approval in April 2022.




222             Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                    prudentialplc.com
Statutory and regulatory disclosures

                                                                                                                                                       Group overview




Financial reporting                                                        Powers of the Board
The Directors have a duty to report to shareholders on the                 The Board may exercise all powers conferred on it by the Company’s



                                                                                                                                                       Strategic report
performance and financial position of the Group and are responsible        Articles of Association and the Companies Act 2006. This includes
for preparing the financial statements on pages 282 to 358 and the         the powers of the Company to borrow money and to mortgage or
supplementary information on pages 378 to 398.                             charge any of its assets (subject to the limitations set out in the
                                                                           Companies Act 2006 and the Company’s Articles of Association) and
It is the responsibility of the auditor to form independent opinions,
                                                                           to give a guarantee, security or indemnity in respect of a debt or other
based on its audit of the financial statements and its audit of the EEV
                                                                           obligation of the Company.
basis supplementary information, and to report its opinions to the
Company’s shareholders and to the Company. Its opinions are given          Rules governing the appointment of Directors
on pages 359 to 375 and pages 399 to 401.                                  The appointment and removal of Directors is governed by the
                                                                           provisions in the Articles of Association, the UK Code, the HK Code (as
Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements

                                                                                                                                                       Governance
                                                                           appended to the Hong Kong Listing Rules) and the Companies Act
for each financial year that give a true and fair view of the financial
                                                                           2006.
affairs of the Company and of the Group. The criteria applied in the
preparation of the financial statements are set out in the Statement       Director indemnities
of Directors’ responsibilities on page 358. Company law also requires      Subject to the provisions of the Companies Act 2006, the Company’s
the Board to approve the Strategic report.                                 Articles of Association permit the Directors and officers of the
                                                                           Company to be indemnified in respect of liabilities incurred as a result
In addition, the UK Code requires the Directors’ statement to state
                                                                           of their office. Suitable insurance cover is in place in respect of legal
that they consider the Annual Report and financial statements, taken
                                                                           action against directors and senior managers of companies within
as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the
                                                                           the Group.




                                                                                                                                                       Directors’ remuneration report
information necessary for shareholders to assess the Company’s
position and performance, business model and strategy.                     Qualifying third-party indemnity provisions are also available for the
                                                                           benefit of the Directors of the Company and such other persons,
The Directors are further required to confirm that the Strategic report
                                                                           including certain directors of other companies within the Group.
includes a fair review of the development and performance of the
                                                                           These indemnities were in force for 2022 and remain so.
business, with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties.
Such confirmation is included in the Statement of Directors’               Contract of significance
responsibilities on page 358.                                              At no time during the year did any Director hold a material interest in
                                                                           any contract of significance with the Company or any subsidiary
The Strategic report provides, on pages 10 to 175 , a description of
                                                                           undertaking.
the Group’s capital position, financing and liquidity. The risks facing
the Group’s business are discussed in the Risk review section on pages     Securities dealing and inside information
49 to 65.                                                                  Prudential has adopted securities dealing rules relating to




                                                                                                                                                       Financial statements
                                                                           transactions by Directors on terms no less exacting than required by
The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’
                                                                           Appendix 10 to the HK Listing Rules and by relevant UK regulations.
Report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant
audit information of which the Company’s auditor is unaware; each          Having made specific enquiry of all Directors, the Directors have
Director has taken all the steps that he or she ought to have taken as     complied with these rules throughout the period. The Group has
a Director to make himself or herself aware of any relevant audit          adopted an Information Sharing and Securities Dealing Policy, which
information and to establish that the Company’s auditor is aware of        includes guidance and procedures for the identification,
that information. This confirmation is given and should be interpreted     dissemination and escalation of inside information as well as
in accordance with the provisions of Section 418 of the Companies          appropriate controls on the disclosure of such information in line with
Act 2006.                                                                  regulatory requirements.




                                                                                                                                                       European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Going concern                                                              All staff are made aware of the policy and receive communications
In accordance with the guidance issued by the Financial Reporting          reminding them of their obligations when they work on any
Council in September 2014, ‘Guidance on Risk Management, Internal          confidential matters in the business or are notified when the
Control and Related Financial and Business Reporting’ after making         Company enters or exits a closed period.
sufficient enquiries, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that
the Company and the Group have adequate resources to continue
their operations for a period of at least 12 months from the date that
the financial statements are approved. Further information is
provided in note A1 on page 288.




                                                                                                                                                       Additional information




                                                                                                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   223
Statutory and regulatory disclosures / continued




Requirements of Listing Rule 9.8.4                                        Hong Kong IA GWS public disclosures
Information to be included in the Annual Report and Accounts under        Under the GWS Framework, the Group is required to provide publicly
UK Listing Rule 9.8.4 may be found as follows:                            certain risk, capital and other disclosures. These GWS public disclosure
                                                                          requirements, as set out in the Guideline on Group Supervision (GL32)
Listing Rule   Description                                Page
                                                                          and Insurance (Group Capital) Rules issued by the Hong Kong IA, are
9.8.4 (4)      Details of long-term incentive              247            met by certain disclosures within this Annual Report and Accounts.
               schemes required by Listing Rule 9.4.3
                                                                          Change of control
9.8.4 (7)      Details of allotments of equity             335            Under the agreements governing Prudential Corporation Holdings
               securities for cash                                        Limited’s life insurance and fund management joint ventures with
                                                                          China International Trust & Investment Corporation (CITIC), if there
9.8.4 (10)     Contracts of Significance involving         223            is a change of control of the Company, CITIC may terminate the
               a Director                                                 agreements and either, (i) purchase the Company’s entire interest in
                                                                          the joint venture or require the Company to sell its interest to a third
9.8.4 (12)     Details of shareholder waiver               448            party designated by CITIC, or (ii) require the Company to purchase all
               of dividends                                               of CITIC’s interest in the joint venture. The price of such purchase or
                                                                          sale is to be the fair value of the shares to be transferred, as
9.8.4 (13)     Details of shareholder waiver of            448            determined by the auditor of the joint venture.
               future dividends
                                                                          Customers
                                                                          The five largest customers of the Group constituted in aggregate
US regulation and legislation                                             less than 30 per cent of its total revenue from sales for each of 2021
As a result of its listing on the New York Stock Exchange, the Company    and 2022.
is required to comply with the relevant provisions of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act 2002 as they apply to foreign private issuers and have
adopted procedures to ensure such compliance. In particular, in
relation to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 which
covers disclosure controls and procedures, a Disclosure Committee
has been established, reporting to the Chief Executive Officer, chaired
by the Group Chief Financial Officer and comprising members of
head office management. The work of the Disclosure Committee
supports the Chief Executive Officer and Group Chief Financial Officer
in providing the certifications regarding the effectiveness of the
Group’s disclosure procedures.




224                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                               prudentialplc.com
Index to principal Directors’ report disclosures

                                                                                                                                                             Group overview




Information required to be disclosed in the Directors’ report may be found in the following sections:
Information                                                     Section in Annual Report                                                    Page number(s)




                                                                                                                                                             Strategic report
Disclosure of information to auditor                            Statutory and regulatory disclosures
Directors in office during the year                             Board of Directors                                                             181 to 187
Board diversity                                                 Governance report                                                                    208
ESG report                                                      ESG report                                                                      67 to 175
Employment practices                                            ESG report                                                                      67 to 175
Greenhouse gas emissions                                        ESG report                                                                      67 to 175


                                                                                                                                                             Governance
Charitable donations                                            ESG report                                                                      67 to 175
Political donations and expenditure                             ESG report                                                                      67 to 175
Remuneration Committee report                                   Directors’ Remuneration Report                                                 228 to 279
Directors’ interests in shares                                  Directors’ Remuneration Report                                                 228 to 279
Agreements for compensation for loss of office                  Directors’ Remuneration Report                                                 228 to 279
or employment on takeover




                                                                                                                                                             Directors’ remuneration report
Details of qualifying third-party indemnity provisions          Governance report                                                                    223
Internal control and risk management                            Governance report and Strategic report                                        202 to 203
                                                                                                                                             and 49 to 65
Powers of Directors                                             Governance report                                                                    223
Rules governing appointment of Directors                        Governance report                                                                    223
Significant agreements impacted by a change of                  Governance report                                                                    224
control
Future developments of the business of the Company              Strategic and operating review                                                   17 to 33
Post-balance sheet events                                       Note D3 of the notes on the Group financial statements                               341




                                                                                                                                                             Financial statements
Rules governing changes to the Articles of Association          Shareholder information                                                              447
Structure of share capital, including changes during            Shareholder information, Governance report and note C8 of the                        335
the year and restrictions on the transfer of securities,        notes on the Group financial statements
voting rights, power to purchase own shares and
significant shareholders
Business review                                                 Group overview and Strategic report                                              4 to 175
Changes in borrowings                                           Financial review and note C5 of the notes on the Group financial               330 to 331
                                                                statements




                                                                                                                                                             European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Dividend details                                                Group overview and Strategic report                                              4 to 175
Financial instruments                                           Strategic report and Additional information                                 10 to 175 and
                                                                                                                                               319 to 322
Corporate governance statement including                        Governance report                                                              190 to 191
compliance with the Code
Fostering the Company’s business relationships                  ESG report                                                                      67 to 175
Monitoring culture                                              ESG report                                                                      67 to 175
Details of how directors have regard to stakeholders            Strategic report                                                                10 to 175
Details of the Company’s approach to investing in               ESG report                                                                      67 to 175
and rewarding its workforce

In addition, the risk factors set out on pages 430 to 442 and the additional unaudited financial information set out on pages 404 to 429,
are incorporated by reference into the Directors’ report.




                                                                                                                                                             Additional information
The Directors’ report is signed on behalf of the Board of Directors by




Tom Clarkson
Company Secretary
15 March 2023
                                                                                                        Prudential plc Annual Report 2022     225
      Directors’
      remuneration
      report                              228 Annual statement from the Chair
                                              of the Remuneration Committee
                                          233 Our Executive Directors’ remuneration
                                              at a glance
                                          234 Summary of proposed changes
                                              to the Directors’ remuneration policy
                                          236 Annual report on remuneration
                                          261 New Directors’ remuneration policy
                                          276 Additional remuneration disclosures




226   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                   prudentialplc.com
Group overview   Strategic report   Governance   Directors’ remuneration report   Financial statements   European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results   Additional information
                                                                                                                                                                                227
                                                                                                                                                                                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022
Directors’ remuneration report




                                               Annual statement
                                               from the Chair of
                                               the Remuneration
                                               Committee


                                               Dear shareholder,
                                               I am pleased to present our Directors’ remuneration report
                                               for the year to 31 December 2022 on behalf of the members
                                               of the Remuneration Committee.
                                               This is the first time that I have presented this report having been
                                               appointed as Chair of the Remuneration Committee at the 2022
                                               Annual General Meeting (AGM). I would like to thank Anthony
                                               Nightingale for his tremendous support as I took up this role. I also
                                               wish to welcome Ming Lu, who joined the Committee in May 2022.
                                               By way of preface, I would like to share the context for the key
                                               decisions the Committee took during 2022 and to outline those
                                               taken in respect of remuneration arrangements for 2023.
                                               Remuneration decisions made in respect of 2022
                                               Reflecting 2022 financial performance
                                               Prudential’s executive remuneration arrangements reward the
                                               achievement of Group, business, functional and personal targets,
                                               provided that this performance is delivered within the Company’s
                                               risk framework and appetites, and that the conduct expectations
                                               of Prudential, our regulators and other stakeholders are met.
                                               As described in the Strategic report section earlier in this Annual
                                               Report, 2022 was the first full year for the Group as an Asia and
                                               Africa orientated business. The Group delivered another resilient
                                               performance against a backdrop of continued Covid-19-related
                                               disruption and broader macroeconomic volatility. The results
                                               reflect the advantage of our diversified business model across
                                               the Asia region. The table opposite illustrates achievement of
                                               our key financial objectives:




                                               This report has been prepared to comply with Schedule 8 of the Large and Medium-Sized
                                               Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 (as amended), as well
                                               as the Companies Act 2006, the Listing Rules and other related regulations.

                                               The following sections were subject to audit:
                                               Table of 2022 and 2021 Executive Director total remuneration (the ‘single figure’) and
                                               related notes (including details of all fixed and variable remuneration elements shown
                                               in the single figure table), Pension entitlements, Long-term incentives awarded in 2022,
                                               Chair of the Board and Non-executive Director remuneration in 2022 and 2021, Statement
                                               of Directors’ shareholdings and Payments to past Directors and payments for loss of office.




228        Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                              prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group overview




Performance measures                                                                                                                               Group performance ($m)1

Life new business profit from continuing operations
                                                                                                                                                   2,443

                                                                                                                                                                                       Strategic report
A measure of the future profitability of the new business sold during the year and an indicator                                                                          2,184
of the profitable growth of the Group.
New business profit accounted for 45 per cent of Group financial bonus targets.




                                                                                                                                                                                       Governance
                                                                                                                                                   2021                  2022


Operating free surplus generated from continuing operations2
A measure of the internal cash generation of our businesses.
                                                                                                                                                                         1,374
                                                                                                                                                   1,135
Operating free surplus generated accounted for 20 per cent of Group financial bonus targets.




                                                                                                                                                                                       Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                                                                                                   2021                  2022


Adjusted operating profit from continuing operations3
Prudential’s primary measure of profitability and a key driver of shareholder value.                                                               3,117                 3,375
Adjusted operating profit accounted for 25 per cent of Group financial bonus targets.




                                                                                                                                                                                       Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                   2021                  2022


Net cash remitted by the business4
                                                                                                                                                   1,451
Cash flows across the Group5 reflect our aim of achieving a balance between ensuring sufficient                                                                          1,304
net remittances from business units to cover the dividend and responsibly managing corporate
costs to allow for reinvestment in profitable opportunities.
A cash flow measure accounted for 10 per cent of the Group financial bonus targets




                                                                                                                                                                                       European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                                                                                                                   2021                  2022




                                                                                                                                                                                       Additional information
Notes
1     Group performance and growth rates shown on a constant exchange rate basis.
2     For insurance operations, operating free surplus generated represents amounts maturing from the in-force business during the period less
      investment in new business and excludes non-operating items. For asset management businesses, it equates to post-tax operating profit for the year.
3     In this report ’adjusted operating profit’ refers to adjusted IFRS operating profit based on longer-term investment returns from continuing operations.
4     2021 business unit remittances exclude remittances from discontinued remittances.
5     Group cash flow includes business unit remittances net of dividends and corporate costs.




                                                                                                                                          Prudential plc Annual Report 2022     229
Annual statement from the Chair of the Remuneration Committee / continued




Life new business profit was 11 per cent lower than prior year on a constant exchange rate basis driven principally by economic headwinds and
Covid-19-related imposed restrictions.
Operating free surplus generation was 21 per cent higher than 2021 on a constant exchange rate basis.
2022 adjusted operating profit was 8 per cent higher than prior year on a constant exchange rate basis reflecting the performance outlined in the
Strategic report.
Business unit remittance levels were 10 per cent lower than 2021. Holding company cash was $3.1bn at the year end, after dividends, corporate
costs and strategic investment.
For all metrics, the 2022 performance has exceeded the adjusted stretch target as set out in the ‘Annual bonus outcomes for 2022’ section of the
Annual Report on remuneration.
The Group achieved these results while maintaining appropriate levels of capital and while operating within the Group’s risk framework and
appetites.
Reflecting stakeholders’ 2022 experiences
In reaching its decisions for 2022, the Committee considered the experience of the Group’s stakeholders, as set out below. More details about how
we’ve listened to our stakeholders and what the Group delivered in 2022 can be found in the ESG section of the Strategic report.

Investors                                                                   Our people
> Prudential plc was included as a constituent stock of the Hang            > As well as holding our second Group Wellness Day in August 2022,
  Seng Composite Index with effect from 5 September 2022. This                we introduced the following wellness initiatives:
  is a milestone for our primary listing in Hong Kong and means that          – We now have 350 Mental Health First Aiders across the Group.
  qualified investors in the Chinese Mainland now have direct access             These are certified employees who provide ongoing support to
  to Prudential’s shares through the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.                    colleagues in need.
> Engagement with investors: During 2022, 371 meetings were                   – This is Me was launched on World Mental Health Day. Mark
  held with 319 individual institutional investors in Asia, the US, UK           FitzPatrick, other leaders, and colleagues shared their personal
  and Europe. Of these 371 meetings, 141 were attended by either                 stories to normalise conversations around mental health by
  the Group Chief Executive or the Group Chief Financial Officer.                building an environment where people feel safe to talk, share
  These meetings took a variety of forms including one-on-one and                and heal.
  group sessions, participation in panels, and walking tours                > The Celebration Award announced in 2021 of $1,000 of
  organised in some cases by brokers.                                         restricted shares made to our people around the world was
> Prudential’s TSR performance remains below the peer group                   released in October 2022. This Award was to recognise the hard
  median; performance over the period 1 January 2020 to                       work and commitment demonstrated by our people and to give
  31 December 2022 was -22.4 per cent while the median                        them a stake in the new chapter of the Company’s development.
  performance of the peer group was 7.4 per cent.                           > Given the inflationary pressures, cost of living payments have
                                                                              been made to more lower-paid staff in the UK.
                                                                            > During 2022, we continued to engage with our people including:
                                                                              – Over 8,000 colleagues participated in the Company’s third
                                                                                 Collaboration Jam in September 2022 which explored themes
                                                                                 around building a collective sense of identity and belonging.
                                                                              – Our fourth groupwide employee engagement survey was
                                                                                 conducted in January 2023. The 2023 People Survey has
                                                                                 achieved more than 95 per cent participation with a
                                                                                 4-percentage point improvement in overall engagement on our
                                                                                 last survey in December 2021. Prudential recorded an overall
                                                                                 engagement score of 79 per cent.

Governments and regulators                                                  Suppliers
> In August 2022, Prudential and AIA submitted a joint response to          > Prudential is committed to ensuring that slavery, human trafficking,
  the International Association of Insurance Supervisors’ (IAIS)              child labour or any other abuse of human rights has no place in our
  consultation on the draft criteria that will be used to calculate           organisation or supply chain. Management continues to carry out
  group capital requirements, calling for the IAIS to consider the            a range of activities to enhance the Group’s approach to modern
  Group Wide Supervision (GWS) approach, being developed by the               slavery, not least through the implementation of the responsible
  Hong Kong Insurance Authority.                                              supplier risk assessments and due diligence requirements within
> Throughout 2022, the Board engaged with the UK government’s                 the Group Third Party Supplier and Outsourcing Policy (GTPSO).
  COP26 chair on key themes including their preparatory work
  behind the scenes on the Vietnam Just Energy Transition
  Partnership (JETP) and their work putting finance at the heart of
  solutions. As we drew closer to COP27, we also engaged with the
  UN infrastructure, especially the Climate Champions Team, the
  Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero and non-governmental
  partners such as FSD Africa, ODI, Business Fights Poverty and CPI
  as they planned their COP programmes. Prudential was
  represented in Sharm el Sheik for COP27 by the Chief Operating
  Officer of Prudential Africa.



230               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                        Group overview




Customers                                                                    Society
> In April 2022, the Company was the first global insurer to set up a        > Diversity and inclusion: During 2022, we signed the UN Women’s


                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
  standalone Syariah life insurance entity in Indonesia. The move              Empowerment Principles, Neurodiversity in Business membership
  underscores our deep commitment to develop products and                      charter, HK Racial Diversity & Inclusion Charter, and are again listed
  services that are respectful of cultures and traditions in the markets       on the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index.
  we serve.                                                                  > Prudence Foundation continued to invest in our communities
> In October 2022, Prudential and Google Cloud announced a                     during 2022. Highlights included:
  strategic partnership to enhance health and financial inclusion for          – The Cha-Ching programme, which aims to raise financial literacy
  communities across Asia and Africa. Under this alliance, Prudential             in children aged seven to 12 years old in an entertaining and
  will leverage Google Cloud’s data analytics capabilities, secure and            engaging way, won both the 2022 Money Awareness & Inclusion
  sustainable infrastructure, and the broader Google ecosystem, to                Award for Best Non-Profit in a Developing Economy and ‘ESG

                                                                                                                                                        Governance
  accelerate its digital transformation and to enhance user                       Initiative of the Year – Hong Kong’ at the Insurance Asia Awards.
  engagement of Pulse, our health and wealth platform.                         – Our global SAFE STEPS programme, which aims to provide
> Our Made for Every Family initiative ensures that our coverage is               education, awareness and life-saving tips on climate and
  fully inclusive of how families live in 2022 in our different markets.          disaster risk preparedness, and road safety reached over
  To support the needs of more diverse family types, customers can                100 million people in Asia and Africa via various media
  now nominate a wider range of family members who are                            partnerships in 2022.
  financially dependent on them as a beneficiary in a life insurance           – Finally, as the world recovers from the pandemic, further
  policy. Additionally, customers can buy insurance for family                    investments were made in Prudential’s Covid-19 relief & recovery
  members beyond those who are directly related. There is also more               Fund, bringing the total investment to US$6.5m since the Fund’s




                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ remuneration report
  flexibility to choose which family member can pay for the policy.               launch in 2020.
                                                                             > Climate change initiatives
                                                                               Highlights included:
                                                                               – In October 2022, we published our white paper setting out how
                                                                                  we support a Just and Inclusive Transition in our markets.
                                                                               – The Emerging Markets Transition Investment (EMTI) project was
                                                                                  organised to identify solutions and provide recommendations to
                                                                                  accelerate investment towards the net-zero transition of emerging
                                                                                  and developing economies. We’re proud to have contributed to
                                                                                  this paper which is supported by the Net Zero Asset Owner
                                                                                  Alliance, the Sustainable Development Investment Partnership
                                                                                  (SDIP), and the EU-ASEAN Business Council.




                                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
                                                                               – In September 2022, we announced that we had signed the 2022
                                                                                  Global Investor Statement to Governments on the Climate Crisis.
                                                                                  We joined other investors in urging governments to limit global
                                                                                  temperature rise to 1.5°C.



Rewarding 2022 performance
The Committee determined remuneration outcomes having considered the financial performance of the Group, its delivery to stakeholders and




                                                                                                                                                        European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
the personal contribution of the executives.
As set out above, 2022 saw the Group perform strongly against its key operating profit and operating free surplus generation targets in the face of
continued difficult external conditions. The first part of 2022 saw continued Covid-19-related disruption in many of our markets as the Omicron
variant increased infection levels and associated social restrictions. Since this date, most markets have returned to more stable operating
conditions, albeit the border between the Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong remained closed throughout 2022. Moreover, the Group achieved
several significant strategic milestones as it continued to focus exclusively on Asia and Africa. This performance, combined with effective personal
leadership, resulted in overall bonus outcomes of between 96 per cent and 98 per cent for the Executive Directors. The Committee believes that
the bonuses it awarded for 2022 appropriately reflect underlying Group performance, individual and/or functional performance.
With respect to the 2020 Prudential Long Term Incentive Plan (‘PLTIP’), the Group has shown strong performance against the sustainability
scorecard targets and against its ROE targets. However, the portion of the awards related to Prudential’s total shareholder return (TSR) lapsed as
TSR performance was ranked below the median of the peer group. On this basis, the Committee determined that 45.5 per cent of the PLTIP
awards made to Executive Directors in 2020 would vest. These awards are subject to a two-year holding period.
The 2020 PLTIP awards were made to Executive Directors in May 2020 as the global consequences of the pandemic were unfolding. At that time,
the Company’s share price (£10.85) was around 30 per cent lower than the price used to make 2019 PLTIP awards (£15.40) but, given the
demerger of the M&G business in October 2019, these grant prices did not provide a like-for-like comparison. The Committee decided not to adjust




                                                                                                                                                        Additional information
2020 award levels at grant but to review whether windfall gains had arisen at the end of the performance period. By the end of the performance
period, the Company’s share price was £11.28 and it rose during the first weeks of 2023. Having considered the position now, the Committee is
content that share price movements during this period are broadly consistent with the underlying financial performance of the Group and the
movements in the indices of which it is part and reflect the share price implications of the demerger of the Jackson business in September 2021.
On this basis, the Committee concluded that there was no windfall gain and so no adjustment was necessary.




                                                                                                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   231
Annual statement from the Chair of the Remuneration Committee / continued




Remuneration decisions and priorities for 2023
The Committee intends to operate within the new Directors’ remuneration policy during 2023 (as set out in the ‘New Directors’ remuneration
Policy’ section), pending approval of the Policy at the 2023 AGM.
Reflecting senior leadership changes
2022 and the early part of 2023 saw the further development of the Group executive leadership team. Mike Wells retired from the Board on
31 March 2022. Mark FitzPatrick served as interim Group Chief Executive from 1 April 2022 until 24 February 2023 when Anil Wadhwani took up
the role as Chief Executive Officer. Given the Company’s strategic shift to focus exclusively on Asian and African markets and reflecting practice
among Asian-listed organisations not to have Chief Financial Officers as Executive Directors, James Turner, Group Chief Financial Officer, stepped
down from the Board with effect from 1 January 2023. He remains Group Chief Financial Officer and a member of the Group Executive
Committee, and will be a standing attendee at future Board meetings.
The Committee made remuneration decisions in connection with these changes in line with the Directors’ remuneration policy adopted by
shareholders in 2020. Information about these decisions has previously been disclosed in our public announcements and further details can be
found in the ‘Statement of implementation of remuneration policy in 2023’, ‘Recruitment arrangements’ and ‘Payments to past Directors’
sections of this report.
Aligning remuneration arrangements with the Group’s strategic focus
I had the opportunity during late 2022 and early 2023 to engage with many of our major shareholders, as well as the organisations that represent
and advise them. I was pleased to meet and hear directly from so many of the Group’s investors and that the majority of shareholders and
advisory bodies who provided input were supportive of the remuneration decisions taken in respect of 2022 and of the arrangements that we
proposed for 2023. On behalf of the Committee, I would like to thank the shareholders and advisory bodies for their engagement.
The Group’s Directors’ remuneration policy is due to expire at the 2023 AGM. Given the Group’s exclusive focus on Asia and Africa, it is essential
that the new policy continues to equip the Group to recruit and retain critical executive talent in our key markets. The Committee is conscious of
the challenges of balancing the strategic shift to Asia and Africa with the expectations which result from a primary UK listing and this has been a
key consideration for the review of the Policy which has been undertaken during 2022.
During the consultation with shareholders and advisory bodies, there was positive feedback on the limited salary increases for the Executive
Directors effective for 2023. For the eleventh consecutive year, the increase for our Executive Directors will be below or close to the bottom of the
range of salary increases budgeted for the wider workforce. There was also a great deal of support for the proposed changes to the Directors’
remuneration policy (‘the Policy’) which will be proposed at the May 2023 AGM, together with valuable discussions on future areas for
consideration as part of the wider dialogue with shareholders following the strategic re-positioning of the business to focus on the long-term
growth opportunities in Asia and Africa.
Minimal changes are being proposed to the Policy at this time. Shareholders supported the introduction of deferral in cash (rather than shares) for
Executive Directors’ bonuses for 2023 and subsequent performance years (subject to the achievement of the share ownership guideline) in the
context of creating greater alignment with many of our Asian peers and the need to attract talent in our key markets. Several investors said that
they recognised this as a modest move towards Asian practice, acknowledging that the broader package remains focused on long-term
performance, and is largely delivered in shares.
Most stakeholders were comfortable with the proposed changes to the balance of measures in the PLTIP, with significant support for the increase
in the weighting of the Return on Embedded Value (‘RoEV’) measure. Shareholders were also supportive of the suggested changes to the TSR peer
group for 2023, which will focus more tightly on financial services companies operating in Asia. The Policy, which will be presented to shareholders
at the 2023 AGM, can be found out in the ‘New Directors remuneration Policy’ section.
During the consultation, I outlined the Committee’s aspiration to take further steps towards Asian remuneration practices, specifically, the
potential use of hybrid long-term incentive arrangements, in the future. While a number of shareholders indicated that they would be supportive
of this evolution of the remuneration model, others highlighted the potential complexity of hybrid long-term incentive plans, preferring
Prudential’s remuneration arrangements to remain substantially aligned to typical UK-listed practice, notwithstanding the Group’s strategic and
operational shift to Asia. The Committee will keep this topic under close review, taking account of changes in Asian market practice and
monitoring the organisation’s ability to attract and retain talent in its key markets.
Share plans renewal
As a result of new requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules which came into force on 1 January 2023, four share plans including the PLTIP
and some presented at recent AGMs will require shareholder approval at the 2023 AGM as they use newly issued shares to satisfy awards and the
new Hong Kong Listing Rules require all plans using newly-issued shares to be presented for shareholder reapproval. The dilution resulting from the
share awards we make to our people and agents is a fraction of the level set out in the guidelines issued by the Investment Association. Full details
of these plans can be found in the Notice of Meeting for the AGM.
I trust that you will find this report a clear account of the way in which the Committee has implemented the Directors’ remuneration policy during
2022 and of the proposed Directors’ remuneration policy and arrangements for 2023.




Chua Sock Koong
Chair of the Remuneration Committee
15 March 2023



232               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                    prudentialplc.com
Our Executive Directors’ remuneration at a glance

                                                                                                                                                                                                        Group overview




What performance means for Executive Directors’ pay in 2022
At Prudential, remuneration packages are designed to ensure strong alignment between pay and performance. In 2022 the Group’s performance



                                                                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
was appropriately reflected in the incentive outcomes, as set out in the Annual report on remuneration.
The value of the performance-related elements of remuneration is added to the fixed packages provided to Executive Directors to calculate the
2022 ‘single figure’ of total remuneration. For 2022, the ‘single figure’ outcomes for Executive Directors’ were higher than in the previous year. This
chiefly reflects the higher proportion of long-term incentive awards vesting this year. The values for the Executive Directors who served during
2022 are outlined in the summary table below:

                                                                                            Fixed pay                             Variable pay
                                                                                                              2022
                                                                                                           pension                                     2022                2022                 2021



                                                                                                                                                                                                        Governance
                                                                                           2022                and                 2022               PLTIP               single               single
                                                                                         salary            benefits               bonus             vesting               figure               figure
Executive Director             Role                                                      ($000)             ($000)               ($000)              ($000)              ($000)               ($000)

Mark FitzPatrick               Group Chief Financial Officer and
                                 Chief Operating Officer/Interim
                                 Group Chief Executive                                   1,352                 490               2,591               1,026               5,459                3,796
James Turner                   Group Chief Risk and Compliance
                                 Officer/Group Chief Financial
                                 Officer                                                 1,051               1,053               1,767               1,041               4,911                3,900
Mike Wells                     Group Chief Executive                                       366                 297                 693               1,723               3,079                6,358




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ remuneration report
Aligning pay with the Group’s forward-looking strategy
During 2022, the Committee reviewed the Policy, taking into account the Group’s strategy, which is now entirely focused on the long-term
opportunities identified across the Asian and African growth markets, as well as the views of our shareholders and other stakeholders and the
broader regulatory and competitive environment. In this context, the Committee has made several changes to the remuneration framework.
These include:
> Making any deferred payments under the AIP in respect of 2023 and subsequent performance years in the form of cash, rather than shares,
  where an Executive Director has already achieved their share ownership guideline;
> Adjusting the weightings of the financial AIP measures for 2023, by further increasing the focus on new business profit;
> Reweighting of the PLTIP measures for 2023 and introducing GIECA into the business integrity scorecard;




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
> Revising our TSR peer group ahead of 2023 awards being made under the PLTIP in order to better reflect the Asia footprint of the Group; and
> Updating pay benchmarking peer groups to increase focus on the 2023 TSR peer group.

Remuneration arrangements for 2023
Remuneration packages for 2023, effective 1 January 2023, are set out in detail in the Annual report on remuneration and are summarised below:

                                                                                                                                                 Annual Incentive Plan (AIP)

                                                                                                                                                Maximum                  Bonus                PLTIP
                                                                                                       2023 salary         2023 salary               bonus             deferred              award
Executive Director             Role                                                                (local currency)            (USD)1         (% of salary)        (% of bonus)       (% of salary)2




                                                                                                                                                                                                        European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Mark FitzPatrick               Interim Group Chief Executive                                       £1,209,000             $1,495,000                 200%                  40%                 N/A
Anil Wadhwani                  Chief Executive Officer                                          HK$12,281,000             $1,568,000                 200%                  40%               400%

Notes
1     Mr Wadhwani’s salary was set on his appointment on 25 February 2023. Mark FitzPatrick received a salary increase of 3 per cent per cent with effect from 1 January 2023. In addition to base
      salary, the interim Group Chief Executive received a monthly pensionable cash supplement of £30,167; he stepped down from his role as Interim Group Chief Executive on 24 February 2023.
      For further details see section ‘Statement of implementation of remuneration policy in 2023’.
2     The exchange rate used to convert pay to USD is the reporting rate during 2022 of 0.8088 for GBP and 7.8305 for HKD. All salaries are rounded to the nearest $1,000/£1,000 or HKD 10,000.




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Additional information




                                                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022              233
Summary of proposed changes to the Directors’ remuneration policy




  Current key elements                                                                                                        Key features of operation                    Outline of proposed changes for 2023
  of remuneration                                           2023            2024        2025   2026          2027      2028   of the current policy1


  Fixed pay                           Salary and                                                                              Salaries reviewed annually with              No change to salary or benefits policy.
                                      benefits                                                                                increases generally aligned with those
                                                                                                                              of the workforce unless there is a
                                                                                                                              change in role or responsibility. Benefits
                                                                                                                              reflect individual circumstances and are
                                                                                                                              competitive in the local market.

                                      Pension                                                                                 Pension contributions and/or a cash          No change in implementation of
                                                                                                                              supplement up to 13% of salary.              pension policy.
                                                                                                                              Executive Directors based in Hong Kong
                                                                                                                              receive this in addition to contributions
                                                                                                                              into the Hong Kong Mandatory
                                                                                                                              Provident Fund.

  Short-term                          Cash bonus                                                                              The maximum opportunity is up to             No change in opportunity levels.
  variable pay                                                                                                                200% of salary.
                                                                                                                                                                           For bonus awards made in respect of 2023
  One-year performance                Deferred bonus                                                                          40% of bonus is deferred into shares for     performance year onwards, 40% of awards
  assessed on financial,                                                                                                      three years.                                 will continue to be deferred for three years.
  functional and personal                                                                                                                                                  Deferral will either be in cash where share
  objectives, set with reference                                                                                              Award is subject to malus and clawback
                                                                                                                                                                           ownership guidelines have been met, or
  to business plans approved                                                                                                  provisions, including in circumstances
  by the Board. Awards are                                                                                                                                                 shares where not.
                                                                                                                              where there are non-financial issues and
  subject to the achievement                                                                                                  personal conduct which falls short of        Bonuses are based on financial and
  of a Pillar I capital underpin
                                                                                                                              the Company’s expectations.                  personal objectives.
  aligned with the Hong Kong
  Insurance Authority capital
  framework.

  Long-term                           Prudential                                                                              Maximum award under the Plan is              No change to opportunity levels.
  variable pay                        Long Term                                                                               550% of salary although regular awards
                                      Incentive Plan                                                                                                                       Weightings of 2023 PLTIP measures will
                                                                                                                              are below this level.
  Three-year performance              (PLTIP)                                                                                                                              change as follows: the weighting of the
  assessed on a combination                                                                                                   Awards are subject to a three-year           TSR performance measure will be reduced
  of:                                                                                                                         vesting period from date of grant and a      from 50% to 35%, the weighting of the




                                                                   Performance period
  Financial measures;                                                                                                         further two-year holding period from         Return on Embedded Value (RoEV)



                                                                                                      Holding period
                                                                                                                              the end of the vesting period.               measure will be increased to 40% (from
  > Total Shareholder                                                                                                                                                      30%) and the scorecard (to be renamed
    Return (TSR) relative                                                                                                     Awards are subject to malus and
                                                                                                                                                                           the ‘business integrity scorecard’) will be
    to international                                                                                                          clawback provisions, including in
                                                                                                                                                                           increased to 25% (from 20%).
    insurance peers; and                                                                                                      circumstances where there are
                                                                                                                              non-financial issues and personal
  > Business integrity                                                                                                        conduct which falls short of the
    scorecard of capital,
                                                                                                                              Company’s expectations.
    conduct, diversity
    and environmental                                                                                                         The proportion of awards which will vest
    measures.                                                                                                                 for threshold performance is 20%.

  Share ownership                     Share                                                                                   Significant in-employment share              No change.
  guidelines                          ownership                                                                               ownership guidelines which for the
                                      guidelines                                                                              Group Chief Executive are 400% of
                                                                                                                              salary.
                                                                                                                              Executives have five years from the later
                                                                                                                              of the date of their appointment, or the
                                                                                                                              date of an increase in these guidelines,
                                                                                                                              to build this level of ownership.
                                                                                                                              Executive Directors leaving the Board
                                                                                                                              are required to hold the lower of their
                                                                                                                              actual shareholding at the date they
                                                                                                                              leave the Board and their in-
                                                                                                                              employment share ownership guideline
                                                                                                                              for a period of two years, subject to
                                                                                                                              Remuneration Committee discretion.

Notes
1     ‘Policy’ refers to the 2020 Directors’ remuneration policy which can be found at www.prudentialplc.com/~/media/Files/P/Prudential-V13/policies-and-statements/directors-remuneration-
      policy-2020-1.pdf




234                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                                             prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                    Group overview




Principles underlying the policy
When reviewing the 2023 Directors’ remuneration policy, the Committee had regard to a number of key principles as illustrated below:



                                                                                                                                                    Strategic report
 Key elements of            How we reviewed the policy in 2022
 remuneration


 Simplicity                 The Committee is comfortable that the current remuneration structure is simple as it consists of fixed remuneration,
                            annual and long-term incentives only.
                            This structure is largely unchanged from our previous policy. Stakeholders are familiar with the operation of reward
                            arrangements and there is a demonstrable link between performance and reward outcome.



                                                                                                                                                    Governance
 Risk                       The Group Risk Committee formally provides advice to the Committee on risk management considerations to inform
                            decisions over bonus payments and long-term incentive vesting levels.
                            The policy provides the Committee with substantial flexibility to adjust incentive outcomes, to reduce or cancel
                            unvested awards and to reclaim both bonus and long-term incentive payments.
                            The time horizon for our long-term incentives extends for five years, including the holding period on awards.
                            There are currently significant in-employment share ownership guidelines for all Executive Directors providing a
                            material connection to the sustained success of the Company. Executive Directors have five years from the later of
                            the date of their appointment, or the date of an increase in these guidelines, to build this level of ownership.




                                                                                                                                                    Directors’ remuneration report
                            A post-employment shareholding requirement for Executive Directors provides continued alignment with the success
                            of the Company and stakeholder interests even after leaving the Board. This obligation will be implemented by
                            requiring Executive Directors leaving the Board to obtain clearance to deal in the Company’s shares during the two
                            years following their retirement.

 Alignment to culture       Executive Directors are offered pension benefits of 13 per cent of salary, aligned with the employer pension
                            contribution available to the wider workforce.
                            The conduct measure in the PLTIP rewards for appropriate management action and ensures that there are no
                            significant conduct/culture/governance issues that result in significant capital add-ons or material fines.
                            The vesting period attached to the long-term incentive reflects the time horizon of the business plan. The additional




                                                                                                                                                    Financial statements
                            post-vesting holding period and share ownership guidelines strengthen the community of interests between
                            Executive Directors and other stakeholders.

 Clarity                    The Committee has consulted with the Company’s largest shareholders and their advisers on the 2023 Directors’
                            remuneration policy and executive pay decisions before they are implemented.
                            Details on Executive Director pay are clearly set out in the Annual report on remuneration.

 Proportionality            There are no incentive awards for below threshold performance. Financial targets are set against the
                            Board‑approved plan.




                                                                                                                                                    European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                            Under the PLTIP, 20 per cent of each portion of the award will vest for achieving threshold performance.
                            The Committee approves the termination arrangements of Executive Directors to ensure that there is no reward for
                            failure.
                            The PLTIP leaver rules are another safeguard to ensure that there is no reward for failure under this plan.

 Predictability             The levels of awards under incentive arrangements to Executive Directors at threshold, on-target and maximum
                            performance points are clearly defined and presented in relevant sections of this report.




                                                                                                                                                    Additional information




                                                                                                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    235
Annual report on remuneration




 Membership and 2022 meeting attendance                                     Regular attendees
                                                                            > Chair
 Committee members                         Scheduled    Ad hoc meetings
                                           meetings
                                                                            > Chief Executive Officer
                                                                            > Company Secretary
 Anthony Nightingale CMG SBS JP1           4/4          8/8                 > Group Human Resources Director
 (Chair)
                                                                            > Director, Group Reward and
 Chua Sock Koong2 (Chair)                  6/6          8/9                   Employee Relations and CHRO, UK
 David Law ACA                             6/6          9/9                 > Remuneration Committee Adviser
 Ming Lu3                                  4/4          2/3                 Notes
                                                                            1 Anthony Nightingale stepped down as Chair of the Remuneration Committee at the
 Philip Remnant CBE FCA                    5/6          8/9                   2022 AGM.
                                                                            2 Chua Sock Koong became Chair of the Remuneration Committee at the 2022 AGM.
 Thomas Watjen                             6/6          8/9                 3 Ming Lu joined the Remuneration Committee in May 2022.


 Individual Directors’ attendance at meetings throughout 2022 is also set out in the ‘Governance’ section.




Role and responsibilities
The role and responsibilities of the Committee are set out in its terms of reference, which are reviewed by the Committee and approved by the
Board on a periodic basis, and which can be found on the Company’s website at www.prudentialplc.com/~/media/Files/P/Prudential-V13/
content-pdf/gremco-tor-at-30-11-2022.pdf The Committee’s role is to assist the Board in meeting its responsibilities regarding the determination,
implementation and operation of the overall remuneration policy for the Group, including the remuneration of the Chair of the Board, Executive
Directors, Group Executive Committee members and the Company Secretary, as well as overseeing the remuneration arrangements of other staff
within its purview. In 2022, the Committee met 15 times and also dealt with a number of matters by email circulation.
The principal responsibilities of the Committee set out in their terms of reference and discharged during 2022 were:
> Approving the operation of performance-related pay schemes operated for the Executive Directors, other members of the Group Executive
  Committee and the Company Secretary, and determining the targets and individual payouts under such schemes;
> Reviewing the operation and awards made under all share plans requiring approval by the Board and/or the Company’s shareholders;
> Monitoring compliance of the Chair and Executive Directors and other members of the Group Executive Committee with share ownership
  guidelines;
> Reviewing and approving individual packages for the Executive Directors and other members of the Group Executive Committee including for
  any new hires and departures, and the fees of the Chair. Similarly, reviewing and approving fees for the Non-executive Directors of the Group’s
  material subsidiaries;
> Reviewing workforce remuneration practices and related policies across the Group when setting the remuneration policy for Executive Directors,
  as well as the alignment of incentives and awards with culture;
> Monitoring the remuneration and risk management implications of remuneration of senior executives across the Group and other selected
  roles; and
> Overseeing the implementation of the Group remuneration policy for those roles within scope of the specific arrangements referred to in the
  Hong Kong IA GWS Framework.
The Chair and the Chief Executive Officer attend meetings by invitation. The Committee also had the benefit of advice from:
> Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer;
> Group Chief Financial Officer;
> Group Human Resources Director; and
> Director, Group Reward and Employee Relations and CHRO, UK.
Individuals are not present when their own remuneration is discussed and the Committee is always careful to manage potential conflicts of
interest when receiving views from Executive Directors or senior management about executive remuneration proposals.
In addition, during 2022, the Committee spent time reviewing the Directors’ remuneration policy and its implementation ahead of its renewal at
the 2023 AGM. As part of this, the Remuneration Committee Chair engaged extensively with shareholders. As part of our broader programme of
shareholder engagement, the Chair of the Committee held meetings with shareholders and the principle advisory bodies to discuss decisions
taken in respect of the Executive Directors’ remuneration arrangements for 2023 and the Directors’ remuneration policy. We have had the benefit
of substantive feedback from 44 per cent of our shareholder register and are pleased that the majority of shareholders and advisory bodies who
provided input were supportive of our proposals and commended the manner in which we conducted the consultation process.




236               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                              prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Group overview




During 2022, Deloitte LLP was the independent remuneration adviser to the Committee. Deloitte was re-appointed by the Committee following a
competitive tender process during 2021. Deloitte is a member of the Remuneration Consultants’ Group and voluntarily operates under their code



                                                                                                                                                                                                               Strategic report
of conduct when providing advice on executive remuneration in the UK. Deloitte regularly meets with the Chair of the Committee without
management present. The Committee is comfortable that the Deloitte engagement partner and team providing remuneration advice to the
Committee do not have connections with Prudential that may impair their independence and objectivity. The total fees paid to Deloitte for the
provision of independent advice to the Committee in 2022 were £137,700 charged on a fixed fee as well as time and materials basis. During 2022,
Deloitte provided Prudential management advice on remuneration, digital and technology, taxation, internal audit, global mobility, risk and
regulatory matters. Remuneration advice is provided by an entirely separate team within Deloitte. Management also received external advice and
data from a number of other providers. This included market data and legal counsel. This advice, and these services, are not material.
In 2022, the Board conducted an evaluation of its effectiveness, which included an assessment of the Remuneration Committee. The evaluation
confirmed that the Committee continued to operate effectively during the year.

Table of 2022 Executive Director total remuneration (the ‘single figure’)                                                                                                                                      Governance

                                                                                                                                                                                    Total 2022
                                                                                                                                                                      Total 2022 remuneration
                                                               2022               2022                2022           2022          Total 2022           Total 2022 remuneration     the ‘single
                                              2022           taxable               total             PLTIP         pension               fixed            variable    the ‘single     figure’ in
$000s                                        salary         benefits*            bonus†          releases‡        benefits§     remuneration~        remuneration~       figure’^  GBP (£000)#

Mark FitzPatrick1                           1,352                314              2,591            1,026               176                1,842               3,617             5,459              4,415
James Turner2                               1,051                914              1,767            1,040               139                2,104               2,807             4,911              3,972




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Directors’ remuneration report
Mike Wells3                                   366                249                693            1,723                48                  663               2,416             3,079              2,490
Total                                       2,769              1,477              5,051            3,789               363                4,609               8,840            13,449            10,877

*       Benefits include (where provided) the cost of providing the use of a car and driver, medical insurance, security arrangements, relocation/expatriate benefits. Benefits of significant value include
        home leave/personal flights for Mr Wells, and housing and associated costs for Mr Turner.
†       The total value of the bonus, comprising both the 60 per cent delivered in cash and 40 per cent bonus deferred into Prudential plc shares for three years. The deferred part of the bonus is subject
        to malus and clawback in accordance with the malus and clawback policies, but no further performance conditions.
‡       The estimated value of the 2022 PLTIP awards vesting for all Executive Directors has been calculated based on the average share price over the last three months of 2022 (£9.62/US$11.89) and
        includes the accumulated dividends delivered in the form of shares. The Committee’s approach to determining the level of vesting for this award is set out in the ‘Remuneration in respect of
        performance periods ending in 2022’ section. The number of Prudential plc shares under award has been adjusted to take account of the Jackson demerger in line with the approach set out in
        the section on ‘Remuneration decisions taken in relation to the demerger’ in last year’s remuneration report. The actual value of vesting PLTIP awards, based on the share price on the date awards
        vest, will be shown in the 2023 report. Due to share price depreciation over the vesting period, the estimated value per share of the 2020 LTIP awards is 11.3 per cent lower than the value per
        share at grant.
§       2022 pension benefits include cash supplements for pension purposes and contributions into defined contribution schemes as outlined in the ‘pension benefit entitlement’ section.




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Financial statements
~       Total fixed remuneration includes salary, taxable benefits and pension benefits. Total variable remuneration includes total bonus and PLTIP awards vesting.
^       Each remuneration element is rounded to the nearest $1,000 and totals are the sum of these rounded figures. Total 2022 remuneration has been converted to US dollars using the exchange rate
        of 0.8088 for GBP and 7.8305 for HKD. Exchange rate fluctuations will therefore impact the reported value.
#       Total 2022 remuneration has been converted to GBP using the exchange rate of 0.8088 USD to 1 GBP.

Notes
1     Mr FitzPatrick received a monthly pensionable cash supplement of £30,167, which is included in the annualised salary number from 1 April 2022.
2     Mr Turner is paid in HK dollars, while Messrs Wells and FitzPatrick are paid in sterling.
3     Mr Wells stepped down from his role as Group Chief Executive on 1 April 2022 and subsequently retired from the business on 14 July 2022.

Table of 2021 Executive Director total remuneration (the ‘single figure’)




                                                                                                                                                                                                               European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                                                                                                                                                    Total 2021
                                                                                                                                                                      Total 2021 remuneration
                                                               2021               2021                2021           2021          Total 2021           Total 2021 remuneration     the ‘single
                                              2021           taxable               total             PLTIP         pension               fixed            variable    the ‘single     figure’ in
$000s                                        salary         benefits*            bonus†          releases‡        benefits§     remuneration~        remuneration~       figure’^  GBP (£000)#

Mark FitzPatrick                            1,085                275              1,860              435               141                1,501               2,295             3,796              2,759
James Turner1                                 943                838              1,629              365               125                1,906               1,994             3,900              2,835
Mike Wells                                  1,581                463              3,057            1,052               205                2,249               4,109             6,358              4,622
Total                                       3,609              1,576              6,546            1,852               471                5,656               8,398            14,054            10,216

*       Benefits include (where provided) the cost of providing the use of a car and driver, medical insurance, security arrangements, relocation/expatriate benefits. Benefits of significant value include
        housing and associated costs for Mr Turner and taxes paid by the Company on behalf of Mr Wells. The benefit total also includes a tax payment of USD 191,296 paid by the Company in respect
        of Mr Turner’s attendance at the London office which triggered a UK tax liability due to the Company’s corporate structure. This was omitted in error in the 2021 single figure.
†       The total value of the bonus, comprising both the 60 per cent delivered in cash and 40 per cent bonus deferred into Prudential plc shares for three years. The deferred part of the bonus is subject
        to malus and clawback in accordance with the malus and clawback policies, but no further performance conditions.
‡       In line with the regulations, the value of the 2021 PLTIP releases for all Executive Directors has been calculated using the share price at vesting of £11.2741 and includes the accumulated
        dividends delivered. The number of Prudential plc shares under award has been adjusted to take account of the Jackson demerger in line with the approach set out in the section on
        ‘Remuneration decisions taken in relation to the demerger’ in last year’s remuneration report. As set out in the 2019 Annual Report, these awards have previously been adjusted on the demerger
        of M&G. Due to the share price depreciation over the vesting period, the value per share of the 2019 PLTIP awards is 37 per cent lower than the value per share at grant. As a result, no value is




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Additional information
        attributable to share price appreciation. No adjustment to vesting levels has been proposed as a result of the share price depreciation.
§       2021 pension benefits include cash supplements for pension purposes and contributions into defined contribution schemes as outlined in the ‘pension benefit entitlement’ section.
~       Total fixed remuneration includes salary, taxable benefits and pension benefits. Total variable remuneration includes total bonus and PLTIP releases.
^       Each remuneration element is rounded to the nearest $1,000 and totals are the sum of these rounded figures. Total 2021 remuneration has been converted to US dollars using the exchange rate
        of 0.7269 for GBP and 7.7728 for HKD. Exchange rate fluctuations will therefore impact the reported value.
#       Total 2021 remuneration has been converted to GBP using the exchange rate of 0.7269 USD to 1 GBP.

Note
1    Mr Turner is paid in HK dollars, while Messrs Wells and FitzPatrick are paid in sterling.




                                                                                                                                           Prudential plc Annual Report 2022               237
Annual report on remuneration / continued




Remuneration in respect of performance in 2022
Base salary
Salary increases of 3 per cent were awarded to Executive Directors with effect from January 2022. The 2022 salary increase budgets for other
employees across the Group’s businesses were between 4.5 per cent and 5 per cent.
On 1 April 2022, Mike Wells stepped down from his role as Group Chief Executive and Mark FitzPatrick was appointed as interim Group Chief
Executive. To reflect the additional responsibilities, Mark FitzPatrick received a monthly pensionable cash supplement of £30,167 in addition to his
base salary. This is included in his annualised salary from 1 April 2022. On the same date, James Turner was appointed as Group Chief Financial
Officer and his salary was increased to reflect this.
As a result, Executive Directors received the following salaries in 2022:

                                                                                                                  2022 salary
                                                                                                              (local currency)          2022 salary           2022 salary           2022 salary
                                                                                                                         from           (USD)1 from       (local currency)          (USD)1 from
Executive Director                                                                                            1 January 2022        1 January 2022      from 1 April 2022           1 April 2022

Mark FitzPatrick, Group Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer/Interim
  Group Chief Executive                                                                                          £822,000             $1,016,000           £1,184,000               $1,464,000
James Turner, Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer/Group Chief Financial Officer                          HK$7, 550,000             $964,000          HK$8,460,000               $1,080,000
Mike Wells, Group Chief Executive                                                                              £1,184,000             $1,464,000

Note
1    2022 salaries were converted to US dollars using an exchange rate of 0.8088 for GBP and 7.8305 for HKD. All salaries are rounded to the nearest $1,000/£1,000 or HKD 10,000.


Pension benefit entitlements
Pension benefit arrangements for 2022 are set out in the table below. The employer pension contribution available to the wider workforce
is 13 per cent of salary.

Executive Director                              2022 pension benefit                                                        Life assurance provision

James Turner                                    Pension supplement in lieu of pension of 13 per cent                        Eight times salary.
                                                of salary and a HKD18,000 employer payment to the
                                                Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund.
Mark FitzPatrick and Mike Wells                 Pension supplement in lieu of pension of 13 per cent                        Four times salary plus an additional four times
                                                of salary.                                                                  salary dependants’ pension.

Annual bonus outcomes for 2022
Target setting
For 2022, financial AIP metrics comprised 80 per cent of the bonus opportunity for the Group Chief Executive role, 40 per cent for the Group Chief
Risk and Compliance Officer role, and 50 per cent for the Group Chief Financial Officer role. The financial element of Executive Directors’ 2022
bonuses was determined by the achievement of four Group measures, namely adjusted operating profit, operating free surplus generation, EEV
new business profit and cash flow, which are aligned to the Group’s growth and cash generation focus. The performance ranges were based on the
annual business plans approved by the Board and reflected the ambitions of the Group, in the context of anticipated market conditions.
Personal objectives comprised 20 per cent of the bonus opportunity for all Executive Directors. These objectives were established at the start of
the year and reflect the Group’s Strategic Priorities as set by the Board. For 2022, Executive Directors had the shared strategic objectives which are
detailed below.
Functional objectives accounted for the remaining 40 per cent of the Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer role’s bonus opportunity. These
were based on the Group Risk Plan and were developed with input from the Chair of the Group Risk Committee. Functional objectives accounted
for 30 per cent of the Group Chief Financial Officer role’s bonus. These were developed with input from the Chair of the Group Audit Committee.
AIP payments are subject to meeting minimum capital thresholds which are aligned to the Group risk framework and appetites (as adjusted for
any Group Risk Committee approved counter-cyclical buffers), as described in the Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer’s report section of this
report.
The Committee seeks advice from the Group Risk Committee on risk management considerations to inform decisions about remuneration
architecture and performance measures to ensure that risk management, culture and conduct are appropriately reflected in the design and
operation of Executive Directors’ remuneration.
Performance assessment
The Committee determines the overall value of the bonus, taking account of the inputs described above and any other factors which it considers
relevant.
The Committee considered a report from the Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer which was approved by the Group Risk Committee. This
report confirmed that the 2022 results were achieved within the Group’s and businesses’ risk framework and appetite. The Group Chief Risk and
Compliance Officer also considered the effectiveness of risk management and internal controls, and specific actions taken to mitigate risks,
particularly where these may be at the expense of profits or sales. The report also confirmed that the Group met minimum capital thresholds
which were aligned to the Group risk framework and appetites. The Committee took into account this advice when determining AIP outcomes for
Executive Directors.



238                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                       prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                Group overview




The table below illustrates the weighting of performance measures for 2022 and the level of achievement under the AIP:




                                                                                                                                                                                                Strategic report
                                                                         Weighting of measures                                Achievement against performance measures
                                                                      (% of total bonus opportunity)                             (% of maximum for each component)                 2022 AIP
                                                                                                                                                                                   outcome1
                                                                    Group                                                           Group                                         (% of total
                                                                 financial          Functional             Personal              financial       Functional         Personal          bonus
Executive Director                                               measures           objectives            objectives             measures        objectives        objectives   opportunity)

Mark FitzPatrick
Group Chief Financial Officer and Chief
   Operating Officer (up to 31 March 2022)                            50%                  30%                  20%                  100%            96.7%              95%            98%
Interim Group Chief Executive (for the
   remainder of 2022)                                                 80%                      –                20%                  100%                 –             90%            98%


                                                                                                                                                                                                Governance
James Turner
Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer
  (up to 31 March 2022)                                               40%                  40%                  20%                  100%            93.8%            92.5%            96%
Group Chief Financial Officer (for the
  remainder of 2022)                                                  50%                  30%                  20%                  100%              90%              95%            96%
Mike Wells
Group Chief Executive (up to
  31 March 2022)                                                      80%                      –                20%                  100%                 –             80%            96%




                                                                                                                                                                                                Directors’ remuneration report
Note
1    All bonus awards are subject to 40 per cent deferral for three years and the deferred bonus will be paid in Prudential plc shares.


Financial performance
The Committee reviewed performance at its meeting in March 2023. For all the financial metrics, namely Group EEV new business profit, Group
adjusted operating profit, Group free surplus generation and Group cash flow, the adjusted stretch targets established by the Board were met or
exceeded.
The level of performance required for threshold, plan and maximum payment against the Group’s 2022 AIP financial measures and the results
achieved are set out below:
                                                                                                                                 Threshold           Target    Stretch target   Achievement
2022 AIP measure                                                                                           Weighting                  ($m)             ($m)              ($m)          ($m)




                                                                                                                                                                                                Financial statements
Group adjusted operating profit                                                                                   25%                2,902           3,055             3,208          3,375
Group operating free surplus generated                                                                            20%                1,244           1,309             1,375          1,374
Group cash flow                                                                                                   10%                   91             191               291            394
Group EEV new business profit                                                                                     45%                1,947           2,105             2,157          2,184

In line with our long established practice, the targets have been adjusted to reflect prevailing interest rate and foreign exchange rate assumptions
applicable for the full year reporting of new business profit and other metrics. Adjustments to targets in any given year may be upwards or
downwards and are designed to ensure that outcomes reflect management’s performance in the year by neutralizing the effect of interest rates
and foreign exchange movements during that year.




                                                                                                                                                                                                European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Personal performance
A proportion of the annual bonus for each Executive Director is based on the achievement of personal objectives including:
> The executive meeting their individual conduct and customer measures;
> The executive’s contribution to Group strategy as a member of the Board; and
> Specific goals related to the function for which they are responsible and progress on major projects.
At the end of the year, the Committee considered the performance of all executives against objectives established at the start of the year. At its
meeting in March 2023, it concluded that 2022 had seen the execution of significant strategic objectives, as described in the ‘Strategic and
Operating Review’ section of the Annual Report. These achievements reflect Executive Directors’ high level of performance against their 2022
personal objectives. All executives met their individual conduct measures and each Executive Director made a significant contribution to the
achievement of Group strategy during 2022.




                                                                                                                                                                                                Additional information




                                                                                                                                          Prudential plc Annual Report 2022     239
Annual report on remuneration / continued




The below summarises performance against the personal objectives and strategic priorities for the Executive Directors. Assessments were
undertaken by each Executive Director’s manager. Additionally, the Chair of the Group Risk Committee reviewed the performance of the Group
Chief Risk and Compliance Officer while the Chair of the Group Audit Committee considered the contribution of the Group Chief Financial Officer.
Shared strategic objectives

2022 key strategic objectives          Achievement                                                                            Performance relative to target

ESG – climate & diversity              The Executive Directors made significant progress towards all of our external          Between target and above
Drive the climate and                  targets. By the end of 2022, Prudential had:                                           stretch target level
responsible investment focus
across the organisation, both          > reduced the WACI of our investment portfolio by 43 per cent ahead of our
as an asset owner and an                 25 per cent target;
asset manager, through                 > substantively completed our divestment from coal bonds with one holding
embedding the external ESG               remaining as a result of market conditions;
commitments made in May                > completed first year of Climate Change & Decarbonisation engagement
2021                                     under the Central Engagement programme;
                                       > achieved an intensity ratio of 1.21 tCO2e/FTE for 2022, keeping us ahead of
SOCIETY, PEOPLE                          the emissions reduction trajectory required to meet our 2030 target of 1.65
                                         tCO2e/FTE; and
                                       > 35 per cent representation of women in senior management, in line with our
                                         2023 target.
                                       Prudential signed the 2022 Global Investor Statement to Governments on the
                                       Climate Crisis and in October 2022 we published a white paper to outline the
                                       case for the financial and social burden of the transition to be just and inclusive,
                                       and its place in meeting the Paris Agreement.
                                       Launch of Eastspring’s Group Responsible Investment Policy, harmonising the
                                       approach to responsible investment across the Eastspring Group and launched
                                       a number of products to support our ESG strategy.
                                       Strengthening of senior management team with a number of significant hires
                                       in Asia to support our ESG strategy including Director of Group ESG to deliver
                                       our ESG strategy and commitments and a new Group Chief Investment Officer.
                                       The Director of Group ESG aims to maintain constructive dialogue with key
                                       stakeholders, and further embed our ESG strategy for sustainable long-term
                                       value. The Group Chief Investment Officer will establish the new GCIO function
                                       to drive investment strategy for Prudential as an asset owner and to support
                                       the local businesses drive better investment performance for policyholders.
                                       In 2022, we embarked on a two-year research partnership with the Nanyang
                                       Technological University (NTU) in Singapore to examine the intersection of
                                       climate change and health. The Prudential EOS (Earth Observatory of
                                       Singapore) Climate Impacts Initiative will focus on 10 key markets across Asia
                                       and Africa. Via the Prudence Foundation we are also funding research by the
                                       International Federation of the Red Cross’s Climate Centre to examine the
                                       compound health risks of heat, humidity, and air pollution, and what effective
                                       early actions can be taken to reduce this risk.

Increase the Asia                      Material increase in the number of Asia-based sell side analyst coverage to 11         Above stretch target level
shareholder base and Hong              (plus one joint EU/Asia coverage) by the end of 2022 (from 2 at the end of
Kong retail shareholder                2021).
awareness of Prudential,
with a view to increasing              In September 2022, we achieved inclusion of Prudential shares in the Hang
Hong Kong liquidity to drive           Seng Composite Index (HSCI) and the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect
valuation re-rating                    mechanism, a significant milestone to further expand our investor base (not
                                       only to qualified investors in the Chinese Mainland but also to institutional
INVESTORS                              investors) and increase the trading liquidity. The volume of trading on the Hong
                                       Kong Stock Exchange has become more active since these inclusions.
                                       Throughout 2022 we hosted a number of ‘meet the business’ events which
                                       gave investors and sell side analysts the chance to engage with Strategic
                                       Business Group Managing Directors and country CEOs across Asia, including
                                       Singapore, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines.




240                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                         prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                           Group overview




Mark FitzPatrick in the role of Group Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer from 1 January to 31 March 2022
Personal and strategic objectives



                                                                                                                                                           Strategic report
2022 key strategic objectives     Achievement                                                                             Performance relative to target

Increased focus on improving      Mark championed our diversity and inclusion efforts across the organisation             Above stretch target level
diversity, inclusion and          through his role as Co-Chair of the Prudential Diversity & Inclusion Council.
belonging in the organisation,
as measured by inclusion          During 2022, Prudential adopted the United Nations Women’s Empowerment
questions in the employee         Principles and was included in the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index for the
engagement survey, with a         third successive year. At 31 December 2022, the representation of women in
view to developing                senior management was 35 per cent, in line with our 2023 target under the HM
                                  Treasury Women in Finance Charter.

                                                                                                                                                           Governance
appropriate targets for Group
and local businesses              Gender diversity – total workforce:
PEOPLE, SOCIETY                   > Male: 57 per cent
                                  > Female: 42.9 per cent
                                  > Unspecified: 0.1 per cent
                                  The score in the employee engagement survey for inclusion and belonging,
                                  social connection, and support from management was at 85 per cent,
                                  indicating a deep sense of belonging. We onboarded new members to the




                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ remuneration report
                                  Group’s D&I Council to focus on inclusion of neurodiversity, disability, culture
                                  and religion.
                                  Our Sponsorship Programme expanded deeper into our talent pool, providing
                                  colleagues with the opportunity to work closely with a senior sponsor for
                                  12 months on specific development objectives.
                                  We continued to deepen belonging with the roll out of Inclusive Leadership
                                  Profile and a Global Inclusion e-learning in August 2022. By the end of
                                  November 2022 this had been completed by over 11,000 colleagues.
                                  In 2022 we saw the global launch of various communities including PRU
                                  Women Empowered, PRU Young Professionals, Women in Tech, Mental Health
                                  First Aiders and the intersectional We DO Wellness, joining the well-established




                                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
                                  PRUPride. We launched the #IamRemarkable initiative empowering our
                                  colleagues to promote and celebrate their achievements in the workplace
                                  and beyond.

Ensure the balance sheet is       Following the Group’s equity raise in Hong Kong in 2021, Mark established a             Above stretch target level
positioned to support growth      programme of capital management. This responsibility was transitioned to
opportunities within Asia,        James Turner in March 2022 as part of the CFO leadership. At 31 December
through targeting the             2022, the pro-forma Moody’s total leverage (i.e. after allowing for the debt
Moody’s total leverage of 20      redemption in January 2023) was 20 per cent, at the lower end of the




                                                                                                                                                           European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
to 25 per cent over the           medium‑term range.
medium term and having
strong relationships with the
rating agencies for any future
issuances
INVESTORS

Deliver on appropriate            Mark first announced the $70 million annual central cost savings target in 2020         Approaching stretch target
run-rate cost savings within      and undertook significant planning and execution over the coming period. This           level
central costs and complete        responsibility was transitioned to James Turner in March 2022 as part of the
the development of an             CFO leadership. The annual cost saving has been achieved and will result in a
effective head office             compounding reduction in 2023 central costs.
operating model by 2023
INVESTORS

Recognising Mr FitzPatrick’s very strong performance against both his individual and shared personal objectives during the first quarter of




                                                                                                                                                           Additional information
2022 as Group Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, the Committee judged that 19 per cent of a maximum of 20 per cent
attributable to personal objectives was appropriate.




                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022       241
Annual report on remuneration / continued




Functional objectives

Summary of 2022 functional objectives Achievement                                                                            Performance relative to target

Develop and implement new              Set up the foundations of One Finance team with cross-location of the Finance         Above stretch target level
Group Finance function                 Leadership Team, supported by the appointment of an Asia-based Chief of
taking the best of practices in        Staff.
London and Asia around
financial controls, accuracy of        Detailed planning was undertaken to transition certain roles and
financial reporting and                responsibilities from London to Hong Kong, and build-up certain capabilities in
appropriateness of key                 Hong Kong. This included cross-locating the financial accounting and reporting
financial assumptions and              teams in Hong Kong and London to enable sharing of best practice.
judgements                             This resulted in the Group delivering the HY 2022 results from Hong Kong for the
PEOPLE                                 first time with resilient performance and no material breach of financial controls.

Support the transition of              Established the principles and process for the orderly transition of auditor from     Above stretch target level
auditor to Ernst & Young to            KPMG to Ernst & Young, including:
ensure an effective external
audit for their first year of          > providing oversight of the process and operational handover from KPMG to
external reporting in 2023               Ernst & Young;
                                       > implementation of shadowing protocols to minimise disruption to the
REGULATORS                               internal team;
                                       > facilitating the building of relationships across the Group Finance team; and
                                       > appointing EY team to discrete projects such as conducting an assurance
                                         review for the Group ESG report and attendance at the Group ESG Committee.

In recognition of Mr FitzPatrick’s very strong performance against his functional objectives during the first quarter of 2022, the Committee
judged that 29 per cent of a maximum of 30 per cent attributable to functional objectives as Group Chief Financial Officer and Chief
Operating Officer was appropriate.



Mark FitzPatrick in the role of Interim Group Chief Executive from 1 April to 31 December 2022
Personal and strategic objectives

2022 key strategic objectives          Achievement                                                                           Performance relative to target

Supporting the transition to the       Ensured the readiness of the organisation and its stakeholders for the transition     Approaching stretch target
new Chief Executive Officer            to the new Chief Executive Officer, restructuring the management team and             level
                                       creating the conditions for a smooth and successful transfer of responsibilities
                                       to the new Chief Executive Officer.
INVESTORS, PEOPLE

Build leadership positions             China was the largest single market contributor to the Group’s total APE sales in     Approaching stretch target
with competitive advantages            2022, achieving APE sales growth of 19 per cent to $884 million underpinned by        level
and economies of scale within          a diversified distribution strategy with a high-quality agency force and strong
each of our four largest               partnerships with banks. CPL has more than doubled new business profit
markets of China, India,               between 2017 and 2022, with new business profit for 2022 now 44 per cent
Thailand and Indonesia.                higher than that of the pre-pandemic year 2019. We continue to outperform the
                                       market on the Chinese Mainland industry-wide measure of gross written
CUSTOMERS, INVESTORS                   premium basis by 5 times in 2022.
                                       India: In ICICI Prudential, APE sales grew 4 per cent driven by strong growth in
                                       the protection and annuity business. This sales performance enabled ICICI
                                       Prudential to maintain its top three position in the private market with a market
                                       share of 6.3 per cent. Over the period, new business profit grew 20 per cent
                                       reflecting APE sales growth and a favourable product mix.
                                       Thailand: We delivered higher-than-industry-average APE sales growth, both in
                                       the bancassurance channel and for the overall industry as a whole in 2022. We
                                       have double-digit APE sales growth for 3 consecutive years from 2020 to 2022,
                                       and now have an overall market share of 7 per cent, being 6th in the market. We
                                       have completed a smooth and planned CEO succession with the appointment of
                                       a local Thai CEO.
                                       Indonesia: We regained our leadership position in the Indonesian life market with
                                       11 per cent market share by weighted new business premium in 2022. Overall APE
                                       sales increased by 2 per cent in the year to $247 million, despite Covid-19-related
                                       restrictions in the first half of the year, and new business profit increased by
                                       4 per cent compared with the prior year.


242                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                        prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                         Group overview




2022 key strategic objectives    Achievement                                                                            Performance relative to target

Broaden health and wealth        In 2022, we continued to deepen our current and future health and wealth               Above stretch target level


                                                                                                                                                         Strategic report
capabilities, expanding our      capabilities. In October we announced a strategic partnership with Google
product range to maintain        Cloud to make health and financial security more accessible across Asia and
competitive advantage, to        Africa.
access new customer
segments and to create           New policies in 2022 included 2.4 million health and protection cases, an
inclusive product offerings      increase of 9 per cent when compared with 2021, reflecting our customers’
                                 increased focus on this area in light of the pandemic. While these policies were
CUSTOMERS                        generally smaller in size than in previous years, we believe that the conversion
                                 of these customer interactions into sales by our diverse distribution channels is


                                                                                                                                                         Governance
                                 evidence of the power and quality of the Group’s franchise and brand.
                                 In 2022, we became the first multi-national insurer to set up a dedicated
                                 Syariah life insurance entity in Indonesia, PT Prudential Sharia Life Assurance
                                 (Prudential Syariah), as part of our strategy to meet the growing demands for
                                 Syariah solutions and support the growth of the Syariah community and
                                 economy.

Recognising Mr FitzPatrick’s very strong performance against both his individual and shared personal objectives during the second, third and
fourth quarters of 2022, the Committee judged that 18 per cent of a maximum of 20 per cent attributable to personal objectives as Interim




                                                                                                                                                         Directors’ remuneration report
Group Chief Executive Officer was appropriate.



James Turner in the role of Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer from 1 January 2022 to 31 March 2022
Personal and strategic objectives

2022 key strategic objectives    Achievement                                                                            Performance relative to target

External stakeholders            Led the application for an early adoption of the Hong Kong Risk-Based Capital          Approaching stretch target
> Lead strategic                 regime (HK RBC) framework by the Group’s Hong Kong business with work                  level
  communications between         undertaken to validate key model components which received HKIA approval in
  Prudential and key             April 2022.




                                                                                                                                                         Financial statements
  regulators, ensuring a
  constructive and open
  relationship to foster
  mutual trust, respect and
  understanding, as well as
  supporting the continued
  enhancement of the
  relationship, with the HKIA
> Work closely and lead
  discussions with peers in




                                                                                                                                                         European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
  the insurance community
  to support the industry and
  its regulators to further
  develop the strength of the
  environment for provision
  of health and protection to
  the benefit of its customers
  (linked to the Group’s
  purpose)
REGULATORS

Recognising Mr Turner’s very strong performance against both his individual and shared personal objectives during the first quarter of 2022,
the Committee judged that 18.5 per cent of a maximum of 20 per cent attributable to personal objectives as Group Chief Risk and Compliance
Officer was appropriate.




                                                                                                                                                         Additional information




                                                                                                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022       243
Annual report on remuneration / continued




Functional objectives

Summary of 2022 functional objectives Achievement                                                                     Performance relative to target

Deliver GWS requirements for         Delivered GWS requirements with no breach for GWS attestation which was          Above stretch target level
the financial control and            completed on time with all governance steps achieved.
investment management
oversight roles as well as           Completed GIECA development programme successfully in 2022 and have
reporting requirements across        embedded GIECA processes and results into risk management, capital
both private (HKIA) and              deployment, business planning and remuneration.
public (market) returns              Led the completion of activities to close GWS transitional arrangements in H1
Develop GIECA into the               2022 on time and ensured continuous ongoing compliance for other GWS
thinking and decisions               requirements.
making around financial
planning and financial
management of the Group
Ensure timely delivering of
GWS transitional
arrangements and ongoing
compliance
REGULATORS

Risk and compliance                  Supported the identification and management of the Group’s principal risks,      Approaching stretch target
oversight and                        including a series of associated deep dives. Delivered timely insights and       level
developments                         analysis to the Group Risk Committee focusing on the impacts of emerged and
> Ensure the business is             emerging risks such as the pandemic impacts, enhanced controls and
  sufficiently informed on           monitoring linked to the Russia-Ukraine conflict with key areas of focus
  external risk and regulatory       including cyber and sanctions risks, and the management of credit risk in the
  perspectives and                   balance sheet.
  challenges, where
  appropriate to take                Initiated design of an enterprise-wide and standardised Governance, Risk and
  effective actions and              Control platform to support efficient and consistent risk, control and
  decisions                          compliance management (including operational risk management, regulatory
                                     requirements of the GWS regime and SOX financial reporting controls testing)
> Provide Non-executive and          across the Group, which is expected to provide greater visibility of risks and
  Executive management               controls across functions and businesses delivering key information to support
  information, insight and           internal business decisions and external reporting requirements.
  risk opinions (including via
  the ACR process) to fully          Rolled out a revised stakeholder-focused Non-Financial Risk Appetite
  support Board members in           Framework across the Group in January 2022.
  strategic decision making
> Support the identification
  and management of
  emerging and top risks by
  the business, including
  deep dives into areas
  identified in the Top Risk
  process
REGULATORS

In recognition of James Turner’s very strong performance against his functional objectives during the first quarter of 2022, the Committee
judged that 37.5 per cent of a maximum of 40 per cent attributable to functional objectives as Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer was
appropriate.




244                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                   prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                          Group overview




James Turner in the role of Group Chief Financial Officer from 1 April to 31 December 2022
Personal and strategic objectives



                                                                                                                                                          Strategic report
2022 key strategic objectives       Achievement                                                                          Performance relative to target

Ensure the balance sheet is         Balance sheet is well positioned to support growth opportunities, with a             Above stretch target level
positioned to support growth        Moody’s pro-forma total leverage (i.e. after allowing for the debt redemption in
opportunities within Asia,          January 2023) of 20 per cent at FY22. We enter 2023 with a resilient balance
through targeting the               sheet and a strong capital position to manage uncertainties and capture
Moody’s total leverage of 20        opportunities that arise.
to 25 per cent over the
medium term and having


                                                                                                                                                          Governance
strong relationships with the
rating agencies for any future
issuances
INVESTORS

Deliver the committed               Achieved $70m annual cost savings from start of 2023 in line with external           Above stretch target level
run-rate cost savings within        commitments. Kept our FY2022 head office expenditure broadly flat on a
central costs of $70m from          constant exchange rate basis with 2021.
2023.
                                    Continued to cultivate cost optimisation to manage delivery of efficiency and




                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ remuneration report
INVESTORS                           expense savings by making changes in our procurement operations. Delivered
                                    cost reductions to embed improved governance and oversight on spendings
                                    and investments.

Recognising Mr Turner’s very strong performance against both his individual and shared personal objectives during the second, third and
fourth quarters of 2022, the Committee judged that 19 per cent of a maximum of 20 per cent attributable to personal objectives as Group
Chief Financial Officer was appropriate.


Functional objectives

Summary of 2022 functional objectives Achievement                                                                        Performance relative to target




                                                                                                                                                          Financial statements
Deliver IFRS reporting              Met key IFRS 17 milestones to ensure system in place to deliver comparative          Approaching stretch target
changes to ensure systems in        reporting and put in place a new operating model focus on business-led               level
place to deliver comparative        prioritization and to mitigate delivery risks in H2 2022.
reporting from 2022
                                    Materially progressed completion of Ernst & Young audit of IFRS 17 opening
INVESTORS                           balance sheet for the readiness of market communication in H1 2023.

Develop and implement a             Appointed a leadership team in multiple locations and built one highly               Approaching stretch target
culture of one Finance              functioning cross-location finance team that enabled sharing of best practices       level




                                                                                                                                                          European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
function, taking the best of        with minimised friction in delivering the HY22 and FY22 reported accounts with
practices in London and Asia        a clean audit opinion and financial controls with no material breaches.
around financial controls,
accuracy of financial               Successfully appointed Group Chief Investment Officer and Director of ESG and
reporting and                       dedicated Finance Business Partners to support the Strategic Business Group
appropriateness of key              structure.
financial assumptions and
judgements.
PEOPLE

In recognition of James Turner’s very strong performance against his functional objectives during the second, third and fourth quarters of
2022, the Committee judged that 27 per cent of a maximum of 30 per cent attributable to functional objectives as Group Chief Financial
Officer was appropriate.




                                                                                                                                                          Additional information




                                                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022       245
Annual report on remuneration / continued




Mike Wells in the role of Group Chief Executive from 1 January to 31 March 2022

2022 key strategic objectives          Achievement                                                                            Performance relative to target

Diversify from physical                In 2022 we set the groundwork which enabled the Group to complete our                  Above stretch target level
cross-border flows into Hong           footprint in all 11 cities in China’s Greater Bay Area (GBA) and which also
Kong by strengthening our              supported the subsequent regulatory approval for a branch of our Hong Kong
domestic market position and           business to be established in Macau, strengthening our operations to capture
increasing access to Greater           the opportunities in the GBA.
Bay Area (GBA)
                                       We focused on critical illness (CI) product innovation. For example, CPL
CUSTOMERS, INVESTORS                   developed a specialised critical illness product specifically developed to meet
                                       the needs of customers in the Greater Bay Area of the Chinese Mainland. This
                                       contributed 21 per cent of CPL’s relevant APE sales in that area.

Build leadership positions             China: This is the largest single market contributor to the Group’s total APE sales    At the target level
with competitive advantages            in 2022, achieving APE sales growth of 19 per cent to $884 million underpinned
and economies of scale within          by a diversified distribution strategy with a high-quality agency force and
each of our four largest               strong partnerships with banks. CPL has more than doubled new business profit
markets of China, India,               between 2017 and 2022, with new business profit for 2022 now 44 per cent
Thailand and Indonesia.                higher than that of the pre-pandemic year 2019. We continue to outperform
                                       the market on the Chinese Mainland industry-wide measure of gross written
CUSTOMERS, INVESTORS                   premium basis by 5 times in 2022.
                                       India: In ICICI Prudential, APE sales grew 4 per cent driven by strong growth in
                                       the protection and annuity business. This sales performance enabled ICICI
                                       Prudential to maintain its top three position in the private market with a market
                                       share of 6.3 per cent. Over the period, new business profit grew 20 per cent
                                       reflecting APE sales growth and a favourable product mix.
                                       Thailand: We delivered higher-than-industry average APE sales growth, both in
                                       the bancassurance channel and for the overall industry as a whole in 2022. We
                                       have double-digit APE sales growth for 3 consecutive years from 2020 to 2022,
                                       and now have an overall market share of 7 per cent, being 6th in the market.
                                       We have completed a smooth and planned CEO succession with the
                                       appointment of a local Thai CEO.
                                       Indonesia: We regained our leadership position in the Indonesian life market
                                       with 11 per cent market share by weighted new business premium in 2022.
                                       Overall APE sales increased by 2 per cent in the year to $247 million, despite
                                       Covid-19-related restrictions in the first half of the year, and new business profit
                                       increased by 4 per cent compared with the prior year.

Increased focus on improving           We have developed a consistent methodology to standardise customer                     At the target level
customer experience, with a            feedback across each of our businesses, through a customer satisfaction survey
view to developing a                   conducted by an independent third-party vendor. Through analysing variables
consistent methodology                 such as Net Promoter Score (NPS), we aim to craft more in-depth insights to
across business units on               improve customer service across each touchpoint.
customer measures, such as
Net Promoter Score (NPS)
CUSTOMERS

Recognising Mr Wells’s very strong performance against both his individual and shared personal objectives during the first quarter of 2022, the
Committee judged that 16 per cent of a maximum of 20 per cent attributable to personal objectives was appropriate.


2022 bonus awards
The Committee determined the 2022 AIP awards below on the basis of the performance of the Group and of the individual executives. In making
these decisions, it reflected on factors including:
> The overall contribution of the executive;
> Behavioural, conduct and risk management considerations; and
> Wider experience of stakeholders and overall corporate performance.
The AIP outcome was considered appropriate in the context of the above and, as such, no discretion was exercised.
40 per cent of the 2022 bonus awards will be deferred into shares for three years.




246                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                         prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Group overview




                                                                                                                                                             Actual 2022
                                                                                                                                  Maximum                      AIP award          2022 bonus award




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Strategic report
                                                                                                                                   2022 AIP              (% of maximum           (including cash and
Executive Director      Role                                                                        2022 salary1                (% of salary)               opportunity)         deferred elements)

Mark FitzPatrick2       Group Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating                            1,353,539               175%/ 200%3                             98%                  2,591,207
                          Officer/Interim Group Chief Executive
James Turner            Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer/Group                                1,051,736                         175%                          96%                  1,766,768
                          Chief Financial Officer
Mike Wells4             Group Chief Executive                                                          360,961                         200%                          96%                    692,948

Notes



                                                                                                                                                                                                           Governance
1     Salaries are converted to US dollars using an exchange rate of 0.8088 for GBP and 7.8305 for HKD.
2     In addition to base salary, the Interim Group Chief Executive received a monthly pensionable cash supplement of £30,167 from 1 April 2022, which is included in the annualised salary number.
3     Upon promotion to Interim Group Chief Executive on 1 April 2022, maximum AIP potential changed to 200 per cent for Mr FitzPatrick.
4     Mike Wells stepped down as Group Chief Executive on 31 March 2022 and was eligible for a 2022 AIP on a pro-rata basis.


Long-term incentives vesting in respect of performance to 31 December 2022
Prudential Long Term Incentive Plan (PLTIP)
Target setting
Our long-term incentive plans have stretching performance conditions that are aligned to the strategic priorities of the Group. In 2020, all
Executive Directors were granted awards under the PLTIP. In determining the financial targets, the Committee had regard to the stretching nature




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ remuneration report
of the three-year Business Plan for return on equity and capital positions as set by the Board. Further, in setting the conduct and diversity targets
under the sustainability scorecard, the Committee considered input presented by the Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer on behalf of the
Group Risk Committee on conduct risk for the conduct measure and had regard to the Company’s commitment under the Women in Finance
Charter for the diversity measure.
As described in the 2021 Directors’ remuneration report, the Committee also adjusted the performance conditions attached to the 2020 PLTIP
awards in light of the demerger with Jackson to exclude the Jackson components of the Plan on which the targets were based, with effect from the
date of the demerger, and appropriately account for the period that Jackson was not part of the Group. The Committee took care to ensure that
the revised performance conditions were no more or less stretching than those originally attached to the awards. The performance assessment
provided below is based on these adjusted targets.
Performance assessment
In deciding the proportion of the awards to be released, the Committee considered actual results against performance targets. The Committee
also reviewed underlying Company performance to ensure vesting levels were appropriate, including an assessment of whether results were



                                                                                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
achieved within the Group’s risk framework and appetite. Finally, overall vesting levels were reviewed to ensure that levels of reward provided
remain reflective of the Company’s performance.

                                          Threshold (20 per cent of award            Stretch (100 per cent
                            Weighting     vests)                                     of award vests)                           Performance achieved                                 Vesting outcome

TSR1                        50%           Median                                     Upper quartile                            Below median                                         0 per cent

Return on Equity            30%           Group 3-year average                       Group 3-year average                      Above target (Group 3-year                           85 per cent
(RoE)                                     return on shareholders’                    return on shareholders’                   average return on shareholders’




                                                                                                                                                                                                           European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                          funds is 15.8%                             funds is 21.8%                            funds is 20.3%)

Local Capital               5%            Cumulative Group LCSM                      Cumulative Group LCSM                     Above stretch target                                 100 per cent
operating capital                         Operating Capital                          Operating Capital
generation2                               Generation $4,442 million                  Generation $5,430 million

ECap operating      5%                    Cumulative Group ECap                      Cumulative Group ECap                     Above stretch target                                 100 per cent
capital generation3                       Operating Capital                          Operating Capital
                                          Generation $3,787 million                  Generation $4,629 million

Conduct4                    5%            Partial achievement                        Stretch achievement                       No conduct, culture or governance                    100 per cent
                                                                                                                               issues that resulted in significant
                                                                                                                               capital add-ons or material fines

Diversity5                  5%            27 per cent of Leadership                  33 per cent of Leadership                 35 per cent of our Leadership                        100 per cent
                                          Team being female                          Team being female                         Team was female

Total                       100%          –                                          –                                         –                                                    45.5 per cent




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Additional information
Notes
1     Group TSR is measured on a ranked basis over three years relative to peers. The peer group for the 2020 awards consists of AIA, Aegon, AXA Equitable, China Taiping Insurance, Great Eastern,
      Lincoln National, Manulife, MetLife, Ping An Insurance, Principal Financial, Prudential Financial and Sun Life Financial. No adjustments were made to the peer group in respect of the demerger.
2     The proposed Group Local Capital Summation Method (LCSM) operating capital generation targets are based on the cumulative 2020 to 2022 Board approved business plan.
3     This is cumulative three-year ECap Group operating capital generation, less cost of capital (based on the capital position at the start of the performance period).
4     Conduct is assessed through appropriate management action, ensuring there are no significant conduct/culture/governance issues that could result in significant capital add-ons or material fines.
5     Diversity is measured as the percentage of the Leadership Team that is female at the end of 2022. The target for this metric has been based on progress towards the goal that the Company set
      when it signed the Women in Finance Charter, where 30 per cent of our Leadership Team should be female by the end of 2022. In 2020 the Leadership Team was subdivided into the Leadership
      Team and the Executive Council. Both of these leadership groups are considered for the purposes of this assessment.

                                                                                                                                         Prudential plc Annual Report 2022              247
Annual report on remuneration / continued




Details of cumulative achievement under the capital measures have not been disclosed as the Committee considers that these are commercially
sensitive and would put the Company at a disadvantage compared to its competitors. The Committee will keep this disclosure policy under review
based on whether, in its view, disclosure would compromise the Company’s competitive position.
PLTIP vesting
The Committee considered a report from the Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer which was approved by the Group Risk Committee. This
report confirmed that the financial results were achieved within the Group’s risk framework and appetite. On the basis of this report and the
performance of the Group described above, the Committee decided that it was not appropriate to apply any adjustment to the formulaic vesting
outcome under the 2020 PLTIP awards. It also decided that no windfall gains had arisen, as outlined in the ‘Annual statement from the Chair of
the Remuneration Committee’ section. The Committee determined the vesting of each Executive Director’s PLTIP awards as set out below:

                                                                                                                                            Percentage
                                                                                                                                           of the PLTIP            Number of                Value of
Executive Director                                                                                                                        award vesting        shares vesting2        shares vesting1

Mark FitzPatrick                                                                                                                                 45.5 %                86,252           $1,025,895
James Turner                                                                                                                                     45.5 %                87,458           $1,040,240
Mike Wells                                                                                                                                       45.5 %               144,892           $1,723,369

Notes
1     The share price used to calculate the value of the PLTIP awards with performance periods which ended on 31 December 2022 and will vest in May 2023 for all Executive Directors, was the
      average share price for the three months up to 31 December 2022, being £9.62 converted at the exchange rate of 0.8088 USD.
2     The number of shares vesting includes accrued dividends. Shares vesting will be subject to a two-year holding period.


Long-term incentives awarded in 2022
2022 share-based long-term incentive awards
The table below shows the conditional awards of shares made to Executive Directors under the PLTIP in 2022 and the performance conditions
attached to these awards.
                                                                                 Face value of award         Percentage                                  Weighting of performance conditions
                                                                                                              of awards
                                                                 Number of                                  released for
                                                                     shares                                   achieving                     End of
                                                                    subject         % of                       threshold              performance             Group                    Sustainability
Executive Director      Role                                      to award        salary         (USD)†         targets‡                    period              TSR            RoEV       scorecard§

Mark FitzPatrick#       Interim Group Chief Executive              452,257       400% 6,072,775                     20% 31 December 2024                       50%             30%               20%

James Turner            Group Chief Financial Officer              182,217       250% 2,700,968                     20% 31 December 2024                       50%             30%               20%

†     Awards for Executive Directors are calculated based on the average share price over the three dealing days prior to the grant date in April, being HKD 116.07/$14.82.
§     Each of the four measures within the sustainability scorecard has equal weighting. They are carbon reduction, GWS capital generation, diversity and conduct.
#     Mr FitzPatrick received an award as Group Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer in April 2022 of 182,131 shares. Given the length of Mr FitzPatrick’s tenure as Interim Group Chief
      Executive, the Committee subsequently agreed that his 2022 PLTIP opportunity should be increased to align with that of the previous Group Chief Executive (i.e. 400 per cent of his Interim
      Group Chief Executive salary, inclusive of the monthly supplement). He therefore received an additional PLTIP award in May 2022 of 270,126 shares. The May 2022 grant was calculated based
      on the average share price over the three dealing days prior to the grant date, being HKD 97.78/$12.49.


The Committee will review awards on vesting to ensure that participants do not benefit from windfall gains. The Committee will consider
Prudential’s stretching performance targets, the share performance of Prudential and its peers, the prices of the indices on which Prudential is
listed and any other factors deemed relevant when determining vesting.
Relative TSR
Under the Group TSR measure, 20 per cent of the award will vest for TSR at the median of the peer group, increasing to full vesting for
performance within the upper quartile. The peer group for 2022 PLTIP awards remains unchanged from 2021 and is set out below:

AIA Group                                          Allianz                                           AXA                                               China Life

China Pacific Insurance (CPIC)                     China Taiping Insurance                           Great Eastern                                     Manulife Financial

New China Life Insurance (NCl)                     Ping An Insurance                                 Sun Life Financial                                Zurich Insurance Group




248                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                           prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                        Group overview




Return on Embedded Value Equity (RoEV)
Performance will be assessed on the average three-year Group RoEV relative to the 2022 to 2024 Board approved Plan. 20 per cent of the award



                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
will vest for achieving the threshold level of 8 per cent, increasing to full vesting for reaching the stretch level of at least 10.8 per cent.
Sustainability scorecard
For 2022, the sustainability scorecard was revised to ensure that reward remained aligned with the strategic priorities and capital allocation
framework of the Group following the Jackson demerger. In particular:
> A new carbon reduction measure replaced ECap to reflect the Group’s evolving ESG strategy and external commitments to reduce the carbon
  emissions of all shareholder and policyholder assets by 25 per cent by 2025; and
> GWS operating capital generation replaced the LCSM following the Hong Kong Group-wide Supervision framework becoming effective in
  May 2021.


                                                                                                                                                        Governance
Under the 2022 sustainability scorecard, performance will be assessed for each of the four measures at the end of the three-year performance
period. Performance will be assessed on a sliding scale. Each of the measures has equal weighting and the 2022 measures are set out below:

Carbon reduction measure:             A reduction in weighted average carbon intensity (WACI) at the end of the performance period
                                      (31 December 2024) compared with the baseline as at 31 December 2019. Our carbon reduction objectives
                                      for the PLTIP are aligned with our published targets. Please see our ESG report for details of our carbon
                                      reduction target, our progress to date and the future actions that we plan in order to achieve our ambitions
                                      in this area, noting that future progress may not be linear.




                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ remuneration report
Vesting basis:                        Performance below threshold results in nil vesting, 20 per cent vesting for achieving threshold of at least
                                      22.5 per cent reduction in WACI (ie 299), increasing to full vesting for performance above stretch level of at
                                      least 27.5 per cent reduction in WACI (ie 280). The 2019 baseline has been the subject of limited scope
                                      assurance by EY. Please see our ESG report for details.

Capital measure:                      Cumulative three-year GWS operating capital generation relative to threshold.

Vesting basis:                        Performance below threshold results in nil vesting, 20 per cent vesting for achieving threshold, increasing to
                                      full vesting for performance above stretch level. The threshold figure for this metric will be published in the
                                      Annual Report for the final year of the performance period.

Conduct measure:                      Through strong risk management action, ensure there are no significant conduct/culture/governance issues
                                      that result in significant capital add-ons or material fines.




                                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
Vesting basis:                        Performance below threshold results in nil vesting, 20 per cent vesting for partial achievement of the Group’s
                                      expectations, increasing to full vesting for achieving the Group’s expectations.

Diversity measure:                    Percentage of the Executive Council and Leadership Team that are female at the end of 2024.

Vesting basis:                        Performance below threshold results in nil vesting, 20 per cent vests for meeting the threshold of at least
                                      34 per cent of our Executive Council and Leadership Team being female at the end of 2024, increasing to full
                                      vesting for reaching the stretch level of at least 38 per cent being female at that date.




                                                                                                                                                        European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                                        Additional information




                                                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   249
Annual report on remuneration / continued




Pay comparisons
Performance graph and table
The chart below illustrates the TSR performance of Prudential, the FTSE 100 (as the Company has a premium listing on the London Stock
Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 index), and the peer group of international insurers used to benchmark the Company’s
performance for the purposes of the 2022 PLTIP awards. The chart illustrates the performance of a hypothetical investment of $100 in ordinary
shares of Prudential plc over the 10-year period 1 January 2013 to 31 December 2022 compared to a similar investment in the FTSE 100 or an
index of the Company’s peers. Total shareholder return is based on Returns Index data calculated on a daily share price growth plus re-invested
dividends (as measured at the ex-dividend dates).

Ten-year chart – Prudential TSR vs. FTSE 100 and peer group average – total return over 10-year period to December 2022

  Ten-year TSR chart – Prudential TSR vs. FTSE 100 and peer group average
  300



  250



  200
                                                                                                                                                                                             $181
                                                                                                                                                                                             $173
                                                                                                                                                                                             $172
  150



  100



    50



      0
                 2012            2013             2014             2015             2016            2017             2018             2019             2020            2021           2022

          Prudential         FTSE 100            Peer group



The information in the table below shows the total remuneration for the Group Chief Executive over the same period:
$0001                                  2013          2014          2015          2015          2016           2017          2018          2019          2020          2021          2022                 2022

Group Chief Executive             T Thiam       T Thiam T Thiam2 M Wells2                  M Wells       M Wells        M Wells       M Wells       M Wells       M Wells M Wells3            M FitzPatrick3
Salary, pension and
  benefits                           2,201         2,406            938         3,048        3,029         2,415         2,423         2,122         2,126          2,249           663                1,476
Annual bonus payment                 3,207         3,501          1,077         1,903        2,904         2,673         2,848         2,804         1,355          3,057           693                2,161
(As % of maximum)                 (99.8%)        (100%)        (77.3%)       (99.7%)       (99.5%)         (94%)         (95%)         (96%)       (46.0%)        (96.7%)         (96%)                (98%)
LTIP vesting                         8,167       16,233           5,174         6,564        4,016         5,955         4,837         2,746         4,286          1,052         1,723                1,026
(As % of maximum)                  (100%)        (100%)         (100%)        (100%)       (70.8%)       (95.8%)       (62.5%)       (62.5%)       (68.8%)        (17.8%)       (45.5%)              (45.5%)
Other payments                           –             –              –             –            –             –             –             –             –              –             –                    –
Group Chief Executive
  ‘single figure’ of total
  remuneration4                    13,575         22,140         7,189        11,515          9,950       11,042        10,109          7,671         7,768         6,358         3,079                 4,663

Notes
1     All remuneration has been converted to USD using the average exchange rate for each respective financial year.
2     Tidjane Thiam left the Company on 31 May 2015. Mike Wells became Group Chief Executive on 1 June 2015. The figures shown for Mike Wells’s remuneration in 2015 relate only to his service as
      Group Chief Executive.
3     Mike Wells left the Board on 31 March 2022. Mark FitzPatrick became Interim Group Chief Executive on 1 April 2022. The figures shown for Mark FitzPatrick’s remuneration in 2022 relate only to
      his service as Interim Group Chief Executive.
4     Further detail on the ‘single figure’ is provided in the ‘single figure’ table for the relevant year. The figures provided reflect the value of vesting LTIP awards on the date of their release other than
      for 2022 (for which an estimate is used). For Mark FitzPatrick, the LTIP vesting for 2022 also includes performance periods in which he occupied the role of Group Chief Financial Officer and
      Chief Operating Officer.




250                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                                  prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Group overview




Relative importance of spend on pay
The table below sets out the amounts payable in respect of 2021 and 2022 on all employee pay and dividends:



                                                                                                                                                                                                             Strategic report
                                                                                                                                                                                            Percentage
                                                                                                                                                          2021                 2022             change

All employee pay ($m)1,2                                                                                                                                 1,057               1,099                   4%
Dividends including demerger dividend ($m)3                                                                                                              2,201                 154                 -93%
Dividends excluding demerger dividend ($m)3                                                                                                                466                 154                 -67%

Notes
1     All employee pay as taken from note B2.1 to the financial statements.
2     FY 2021 excludes Jackson costs.
3     Dividends taken from note B5 to the financial statements.


                                                                                                                                                                                                             Governance
Percentage change in remuneration
The table below sets out how the change in remuneration for each Director between 2021 and 2022, between 2020 and 2021 and between 2019
and 2020 compared to a wider employee comparator group:
                                                                   Salary (% change)                                 Benefits (% change)                               Bonus10 (% change)

                                                           2021-22         2020-21         2019-20            2021-22        2020-21          2019-20           2021-22         2020-21         2019-20

Executive Directors1
Mark FitzPatrick1,2                                            39%              3%              1%               31%             15%             26%                39%            46%            (27)%




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Directors’ remuneration report
James Turner1,2                                                12%          (0.5)%             10%                9%             30%             49%               8.5%            23%             (2)%
Mike Wells2                                                  (74)%          (0.5)%              1%             (46)%             20%             35%              (77)%           110%            (52)%
Chair and Non-executive Directors
Shriti Vadera3                                                  2%            907%               –               35%                 –               –               n/a              n/a              –
Jeremy Anderson4                                                3%             13%               –                n/a              n/a             n/a               n/a              n/a            n/a
Arijit Basu5                                                     –                –              –                n/a                –               –               n/a                –              –
David Law4                                                      2%               6%             1%                n/a              n/a             n/a               n/a              n/a            n/a
Ming Lu9                                                       58%                –              –                n/a              n/a               –               n/a              n/a              –
Anthony Nightingale6                                         (59)%               0%             4%                n/a              n/a             n/a               n/a              n/a            n/a
Philip Remnant                                                0.7%               0%             1%                n/a              n/a             n/a               n/a              n/a            n/a
George Sartorel7                                                 –                –              –                n/a                –               –               n/a                –              –
Alice Schroeder8                                             (58)%             24%              1%                n/a              n/a             n/a               n/a              n/a            n/a




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Financial statements
Chua Sock Koong9                                               70%                –              –                n/a              n/a               –               n/a              n/a              –
Thomas Watjen4                                                (9)%             (4)%            10%                n/a              n/a             n/a               n/a              n/a            n/a
Jeanette Wong9                                                 74%                –              –                n/a                –               –               n/a                –              –
Amy Yip                                                         1%               0%             0%                n/a              n/a             n/a               n/a              n/a            n/a
Average pay for all UK-based
  employees                                                  6.65%           3.05%           3.76%             (7.3)%          0.67%         (3.95)%             7.94%           5.76%         (7.27)%

Notes
1     The change in salaries for Executive Directors is calculated on a local currency basis. The change in benefits for Executive Directors is calculated in USD, as benefits values are denominated in a
      number of currencies. The change in bonus is calculated in USD. As 2021 benefits for James Turner have been restated, the 2020-21 change has been updated for his benefits.




                                                                                                                                                                                                             European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
2     Mike Wells left the Board on 31 March 2022. On 1 April 2022, Mark FitzPatrick was appointed Interim Group Chief Executive and James Turner was appointed Group Chief Financial Officer.
3     Shriti Vadera joined the Board and the Nominations Committee on 1 May 2020 and became Chair on 1 January 2021. The change in pay in 2020–21 reflects her pro-rated pay for 2020 as well
      as her change in role.
4     Fluctuations in pay are due to change in Committee memberships in 2022.
5     Arijit Basu joined the Board on 1 September 2022.
6     Anthony Nightingale retired from the Board on 26 May 2022.
7     George Sartorel joined the Board on 14 January 2022.
8     Alice Schroeder retired from the Board on 26 May 2022.
9     Chua Sock Koong, Ming Lu and Jeanette Wong joined the Board in 2021.
10    The change in bonus shows change in the value of the annual bonus and does not include the value of long-term incentive awards, in line with the reporting regulations.


The regulations prescribe that this comparison should include all employees of the parent company. The number of individuals employed by the
parent company is insufficient to be the basis of a representative comparison. Therefore, the Committee decided to use all UK-based employees
as the basis for this calculation. The average pay for all employees has been calculated on a full-time equivalent basis by reference to the total pay
awarded to UK employees in 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019. The salary increase includes uplifts made through the annual salary review, as well as
any additional changes in the year; for example to reflect promotions or role changes. There has been no material change to the level of taxable
benefit coverage received by employees.
Group Chief Executive pay compared with employee pay and Gender pay gap




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Additional information
As reported in the 2021 Directors’ remuneration report, the UK headcount of Prudential Services Limited is below the 250-person threshold which
triggers mandatory publication of the gender pay gap and the CEO pay ratio. Both the 2021 gender pay gap and the CEO pay ratio data were
disclosed on a voluntary basis. After due consideration, we have decided that the UK gender pay gap and CEO pay ratio are not meaningful, given
our relatively small employee headcount in the UK.




                                                                                                                                          Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                 251
Annual report on remuneration / continued




Consideration of workforce pay and approach to engagement
The Committee believes that the approach to executive remuneration is consistent with the pay, reward and progression policies for other
employees within the Group. The base salary and total remuneration levels for the Executive Directors and other employees are competitively
positioned within the relevant markets and reflect the operation of our remuneration structures which are effective in appropriately incentivising
staff, having regard to our risk framework, risk appetites and to rewarding the ‘how’ as well as the ‘what’ of performance. During 2022, the
Committee considered workforce remuneration and related policies in the businesses across the Group. Information presented to the Committee,
by way of a dashboard, included how the Company’s incentive arrangements are aligned with the culture and informed the Committee’s
decision-making on executive pay and policy. By way of example, employee salary increase budgets are considered as part of the year-end review
of Executive Director compensation and salary increases.
As part of the Board’s wider approach to employee engagement, which also included a Group-wide engagement survey, the Committee
continues to take additional measures to explain how the remuneration of Executive Directors aligns with the wider Company pay policy. The
Company operates a microsite on its intranet that outlines executive pay arrangements during the previous financial year and key areas of
change for the year ahead. It explains to employees that total remuneration for Executive Directors is made up of a number of elements and is
governed by both the Directors’ remuneration policy and the Group’s remuneration policy (which is also published on the Company’s website) with
the relevant links to these documents. Directors remuneration is considered appropriate compared to the wider workforce. In 2022, salary increase
budgets for other employees across the Group’s businesses were between 4.5 per cent and 5 per cent while Executive Directors received 3 per cent
salary increases in January 2022. Employee engagement is led by the Responsibility & Sustainability Working Group. The Strategic Report section
of this report describes how they discharged this responsibility during 2022.
The Celebration Award announced in 2021 of $1,000 of restricted shares made to our people around the world was released in October 2022. This
one-off Award was to recognise the hard work and commitment demonstrated by our people and to give them a stake in the new chapter of the
Company’s development. The Group also operates a number of all-employee share plans, allowing our people to invest in the Company’s shares.
During 2022, these plans were available across the Group’s footprint for the first time. Similar Syariah-complaint plans are available in our Syariah
business. Through these plans, many of our employees are shareholders and can therefore vote on remuneration-related resolutions at AGMs.
As part of our continuing efforts to safeguard our employees’ wellbeing, we held our second Group Wellness Day on 26 August 2022. All
employees Group-wide were encouraged to take that extra day off to rest and recharge, spend time with family and friends as referred to in
‘Reflecting stakeholders’ 2022 experiences’ section.
Chair and Non-executive Director remuneration in 2022
Chair fees
Shriti Vadera became the Chair of the Board on 1 January 2021. Her fee was revised on 1 July 2022 by 3 per cent, to £788,000 ($974,000), in line
with the increase awarded to Executive Directors in January 2022.
Non-executive Directors’ fees
The Non-executive Directors’ fees are denominated in sterling. Fee levels were reviewed by the Board during 2022, and the basic fee was increased
by 3 per cent effective from 1 July 2022. Increases in US dollar amounts reflect this increase, as well as changes in the exchange rate.

                                                                                                                              From            From            From                From
                                                                                                                       1 July 2021     1 July 2021     1 July 2022         1 July 2022
Annual fees                                                                                                                     ($)2            (£)2            ($)2                (£)2

Basic fee                                                                                                                136,000          99,000         126,000             102,000
Additional fees:
Audit Committee Chair                                                                                                    103,000          75,000          93,000               75,000
Audit Committee member                                                                                                    41,000          30,000          37,000               30,000
Remuneration Committee Chair                                                                                              89,000          65,000          80,000               65,000
Remuneration Committee member                                                                                             41,000          30,000          37,000               30,000
Risk Committee Chair                                                                                                     103,000          75,000          93,000               75,000
Risk Committee member                                                                                                     41,000          30,000          37,000               30,000
Nomination & Governance Committee Chair1                                                                                       –               –                                    –
Nomination & Governance Committee member                                                                                  21,000          15,000          19,000               15,000
Responsibility & Sustainability Working Group Chair                                                                       62,000          45,000          56,000               45,000
Responsibility & Sustainability Working Group member                                                                      30,000          22,000          27,000               22,000
Senior Independent Director                                                                                               69,000          50,000          62,000               50,000

Notes
1     There is no fee paid for the role of Nomination & Governance Committee Chair.
2     Fees were denominated in sterling and were converted to USD using an exchange rate of 0.7269 for 2021 and 0.8088 for 2022.




252                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                               prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Group overview




If, in a particular year, the number of meetings is materially greater than usual, the Company may determine that the provision of additional fees
is fair and reasonable.



                                                                                                                                                                                                            Strategic report
The resulting fees paid to the Chair and Non-executive Directors are:
                                                                                                                                                                                             Total 2021
                                                                                                                                    Total 2022          Total 2022        Total 2021      remuneration:
                                                                                                      2022              2021     remuneration:      remuneration:      remuneration:         the ‘single
                                                                                                   taxable           taxable        the ‘single         the ‘single       the ‘single            figure’
                                                              2022 fees         2021 fees         benefits*         benefits*           figure’      figure’ in GBP           figure’            in GBP
                                                                 ($000)            ($000)           ($000)            ($000)           ($000)†             (£000)‡           ($000)†            (£000)‡

Chair
Shriti Vadera                                                      960             1,052               124               102             1,084                 877              1,154                 839
Non-executive Directors

                                                                                                                                                                                                            Governance
Jeremy Anderson                                                    284               306                   –                –               284                229                306                 222
Arijit Basu4                                                        63                 –                   –                –                63                 51                  –                   –
David Law                                                          291               318                   –                –               291                236                318                 231
Ming Lu1,6                                                         180               126                   –                –               180                146                126                  92
Anthony Nightingale2                                                90               246                   –                –                90                 73                246                 179
Philip Remnant                                                     279               308                   –                –               279                226                308                 224
George Sartorel5                                                   192                 –                   –                –               192                155                  –                   –
Alice Schroeder3                                                   103               270                   –                –               103                 83                270                 197
Chua Sock Koong1                                                   212               139                   –                –               212                172                139                 101




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Directors’ remuneration report
Thomas Watjen                                                      205               250                   –                –               205                166                250                 182
Jeanette Wong1                                                     226               144                   –                –               226                183                144                 105
Amy Yip                                                            161               177                   –                –               161                131                177                 129
Total                                                            3,245             3,336               124               102             3,369              2,725               3,438             2,501

*       Benefits include the cost of providing the use of a car and driver and medical insurance.
†       Each remuneration element is rounded to the nearest $1,000/£1,000 and totals are the sum of these rounded figures. The Chair and Non-executive Directors are not entitled to participate in
        annual bonus plans or long-term incentive plans.
‡       Total remuneration has been converted to US dollars using the exchange rate of 0.7269 for the 2021 single figure calculations and 0.8088 for the 2022 single figure calculations. As
        Non-executive Directors and the Chair don’t receive variable remuneration components, the table above doesn’t include a sum of total fixed and total variable remuneration.

Notes
1     Jeanette Wong, Chua Sock Koong and Ming Lu joined the Board on 12 May 2021.
2     Anthony Nightingale retired from the Board on 26 May 2022.




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial statements
3     Alice Schroeder retired from the Board on 26 May 2022.
4     Arijit Basu joined the Board on 1 September 2022.
5     George Sartorel joined the Board on 14 January 2022.
6     Ming Lu donates his fee to Asia Art Archive, an independent non-profit organisation based in Hong Kong.




                                                                                                                                                                                                            European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Additional information




                                                                                                                                        Prudential plc Annual Report 2022               253
Annual report on remuneration / continued




Statement of Directors’ shareholdings
The interests of Directors in ordinary shares of the Company are set out below. ‘Beneficial interest’ includes shares owned outright, shares acquired
under the Share Incentive Plan (SIP) and deferred annual incentive awards, detailed in the ‘Supplementary information’ section. It is only these
shares that count towards the share ownership guidelines.

                                 1 January
                                    2022
                               (or on date of                                                                                     31 December 2022                             Share ownership
                               appointment)                                 During 2022                                  (or on 31 March 2022 for Mike Wells)                    guidelines
                                                                                                     Number
                                                                                         Number     of shares
                                                                                        of shares disposed of
                                                                        Number          acquired     up to 31                                                                              Beneficial
                                                     Number of         of shares       between 1   December                               Number                                         interest as a
                                                          shares      held at 31       April 2022 2022 (or up                            of shares                                        percentage
                                          Total     acquired up      March 2022           and 31 to 31 March                   Total    subject to              Total             Share       of basic
                                     beneficial     to 31 March         by Mike        December      2022 for             beneficial performance             interest       ownership          salary/
                                       interest            2022            Wells             2022 Mike Wells)              interest*  conditions†           in shares      guidelines‡     basic fees§
                                    (number of                                                                           (number of                                        (% of salary/
                                        shares)                                                                              shares)                                                fee)

Chair
Shriti Vadera                          67,500                                                    –               –          67,500                  –        67,500             100%              84%
Executive Directors
Mark FitzPatrick                     228,600                 48                           79,918               –          308,566          763,861 1,072,427                    250%            361%
James Turner                         204,735             10,000                           69,550          13,822          270,463          480,819   751,282                    250%            306%
Mike Wells1                        1,264,572                 49       1,264,621                                         1,264,621          753,758 2,018,379                    400%          1,910%
Non-executive
   Directors
Jeremy Anderson                         9,157                                                    –               –           9,157                  –         9,157             100%             86%
Arijit Basu2                                –                                                    –               –               –                  –             –             100%               –
David Law                              11,054                                                    –               –          11,054                  –        11,054             100%            104%
Ming Lu                                 7,000                                                    –               –           7,000                  –         7,000             100%             66%
Anthony Nightingale3                   50,000                                                    –               –          50,000                  –        50,000             100%            472%
Philip Remnant                          7,916                                                    –               –           7,916                  –         7,916             100%             75%
George Sartorel                                                                                  –               –               –                  –                           100%               –
Alice Schroeder3,4                     20,000                                                    –               –          20,000                  –        20,000             100%            189%
Chua Sock Koong                         7,500                                                    –               –           7,500                  –         7,500             100%             71%
Thomas Watjen5                         10,340                                                    –               –          10,340                  –        10,340             100%             98%
Jeanette Wong                               –             9,600                                  –               –           9,600                  –         9,600             100%             91%
Amy Yip                                 2,500             7,291                                  –               –           9,791                  –         9,791             100%             92%

*     Beneficial interests include shares held directly or indirectly by connected persons. There were no changes of Directors’ interests in ordinary shares between 31 December 2022 and 7 March 2023
      with the exception of any UK-based Executive Directors, due to their participation in the monthly Share Incentive Plan (SIP). Mark FitzPatrick acquired a further 29 shares in the SIP during this
      period.
†     Further information on share awards subject to performance conditions are detailed in the ‘share-based long-term incentive awards’ part of the ‘Supplementary information’ section.
‡     Holding requirement of the Articles of Association (2,500 ordinary shares) must be obtained within one year of appointment to the Board. Executive Directors have five years to reach their
      guideline. Non-executive Directors have three years from their date of joining to reach the guideline.
§     Based on the average closing price for the six months to 31 December 2022 (£9.63).

The Company and its Directors, Chief Executives and shareholders have been granted a partial exemption from the disclosure requirements under Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (SFO).
As a result of this exemption, Directors, Chief Executives and shareholders do not have an obligation under the SFO to notify the Company of shareholding interests, and the Company is not required to
maintain a register of Directors’ and Chief Executives’ interests under section 352 of the SFO, nor a register of interests of substantial shareholders under section 336 of the SFO. The Company is,
however, required to file with the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited any disclosure of interests notified to it in the United Kingdom.

Notes
1     Mike Wells stepped down from the Board on 31 March 2022 and retired from the Company on 14 July 2022. For the 1 January 2022 figure, Mike Wells’ beneficial interest in shares is made up of
      297,320 ADRs (representing 594,640 ordinary shares) and 669,932 ordinary shares. For the 31 March 2022 figure, his beneficial interest in shares is made up of 297,320 ADRs (representing
      594,640 ordinary shares) and 669,981 ordinary shares.
2     Arijit Basu was appointed to the Board on 1 September 2022.
3     Anthony Nightingale stepped down from the Board on 26 May 2022. Total interest in shares is shown at this date.
4     George Sartorel was appointed to the Board on 14 January 2022.
5     Alice Schroeder stepped down from the Board on 26 May 2022. Total interest in shares is shown at this date. For the 1 January 2022 figure, Alice Schroeder’s beneficial interest in shares is made
      up of 10,000 ADRs (representing 20,000 ordinary shares). For the 26 May 2022 figure, the beneficial interest in shares is made up of 10,000 ADRs (representing 20,000 ordinary shares).
6     For the 1 January 2022 figure, Thomas Watjen’s beneficial interest in shares is made up of 5,170 ADRs (representing 10,340 ordinary shares). For the 31 December 2022 figure, the beneficial
      interest in shares is made up of 5,170 ADRs (representing 10,340 ordinary shares).




254                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                            prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Group overview




The bar chart below illustrates the Executive Directors’ shareholding as a percentage of base salary relative to the applicable
share ownership guideline.



  2,000%                                                                                                                                                     1,910%                                   Strategic report

  1,750%


  1,500%


  1,250%


                                                                                                                                                                                                      Governance
  1,000%


    750%


    500%
                                            361%                                                                                      400%
                                                                                                    306%
                    250%                                                     250%
    250%




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Directors’ remuneration report
                                  Mark FitzPatrick                                          James Turner                                              Mike Wells



       Share ownership guidelines as % of salary                    Beneficial interest as at 31 December 2022 (31 March for Mike Wells) as % of salary



Outstanding share options
The following table sets out the share options held by the Executive Directors in the UK Savings-Related Share Option Scheme (SAYE) as at the
end of the period. No other directors participated in any other option scheme.
                                                        Market           Exercise period                                                 Number of options
                                                        price at
                                         Exercise        31 Dec




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial statements
                             Date of        price         2022                                        Beginning                                                                          End of
                              grant       (pence)       (pence)      Beginning               End       of period      Granted     Exercised Cancelled        Forfeited       Lapsed      period

Mark FitzPatrick         21 Sep 17          1455 1127.50            01 Dec 22       31 May 23             2,061                                                                          2,061
Mike Wells1              22 Sep 20           964 1127.50             14 Jul 22       13 Jan 23            1,867                                                                          1,867

Notes
1     Mike Wells retired from the Company on 14 July 2022, and the beginning and end dates of the exercise period are based on his retirement date in line with the plan rules.
2     No gain was made by Directors in 2022 on the exercise of SAYE options.
3     No price was paid for the award of any option.
4     The highest and lowest closing share prices during 2022 were £13.37 and £7.98 respectively.




                                                                                                                                                                                                      European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
5     All exercise prices are shown to the nearest pence.


Directors’ terms of employment
Details of the service contracts of each Executive Director are outlined in the table below. The Directors’ remuneration policy contains further
details of the terms included in Executive Director service contracts. As required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules, all service contracts in respect of
the Executive Directors can be terminated by the Company by giving no more than 12 months’ notice (or payment in lieu of such notice) and
without compensation payments other than any termination payments required by law.

                                                                                                                                                              Notice period           Notice period
                                                                                                                                                                     to the               from the
                                                                                                                                  Date of contract               Company                 Company

Executive Directors
Mark FitzPatrick                                                                                                                  17 May 2017                  12 months               12 months
Anil Wadhwani                                                                                                                 25 February 2023                 12 months               12 months




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Additional information




                                                                                                                                        Prudential plc Annual Report 2022             255
Annual report on remuneration / continued




Letters of appointment of the Chair and Non-executive Directors
Details of Non-executive Directors’ individual appointments are outlined below. The Directors’ remuneration policy contains further details on
their letters of appointment. The Chair and Non-executive Directors are not entitled to receive any payments for loss of office. As required by the
Hong Kong Listing Rules, the appointment of the Chair and the Non-Executive Directors can be terminated by the Company by giving no more
than six months’ notice (12 months’ notice for the Chair), or payment in lieu of such notice and without compensation payments other than any
termination payments required by law.

Chair/Non-executive Director                                 Appointment by the Board   Notice period                Time on the Board at 2023 AGM

Chair
Shriti Vadera (Chair from 1 January 2021)                    1 May 2020                 12 months                    3 years
Non-executive Directors
Philip Remnant                                               1 January 2013             6 months                     10 years 4 months
Anthony Nightingale1                                         1 June 2013                6 months                     n/a
Alice Schroeder2                                             10 June 2013               6 months                     n/a
David Law                                                    15 September 2015          6 months                     7 years 8 months
Thomas Watjen                                                11 July 2017               6 months                     5 years 10 months
Amy Yip                                                      2 September 2019           6 months                     3 years 8 months
Jeremy Anderson                                              1 January 2020             6 months                     3 years 4 months
Ming Lu                                                      12 May 2021                6 months                     2 years
Chua Sock Koong                                              12 May 2021                6 months                     2 years
Jeanette Wong                                                12 May 2021                6 months                     2 years
George Sartorel                                              14 January 2022            6 months                     1 year 3 months
Arijit Basu3                                                 1 September 2022           6 months                     8 months
Claudia Suessmuth Dyckerhoff                                 1 January 2023             6 months                     4 months

Notes
1     Anthony Nightingale retired from the Board on 26 May 2022.
2     Alice Schroeder retired from the Board on 26 May 2022.


Recruitment arrangements
In making decisions about the remuneration arrangements for those joining the Board, the Committee worked within the Directors’ remuneration
policy approved by shareholders and was mindful of:
> The skills, knowledge and experience that each new Executive Director brought to the Board;
> The need to support the relocation of executives to enable them to assume their roles; and
> Its commitment to honour legacy arrangements.
Appointing high-calibre executives to the Board is necessary to ensure the Company is well positioned to develop and implement its strategy and
deliver long-term value.
Anil Wadhwani
Anil Wadhwani took up the role of Chief Executive Officer on 25 February 2023. As set out in the ‘Statement of implementation of remuneration
policy in 2023’ below, Mr Wadhwani was appointed on a salary of HK$12,281,000. He will receive pension benefits at 13 per cent of salary, in line
with the employer pension contribution available to the wider workforce, plus contributions into the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund. For
2023, he will have a maximum bonus opportunity of 200 per cent of salary under the AIP. Forty per cent of any bonus will be deferred for three
years in line with the Directors’ remuneration policy. Long-term incentive awards, granted under the PLTIP, will have a face value on grant of
400 per cent of base salary. He will be subject to the shareholding guidelines of 400 per cent of salary and will have five years from the date of his
appointment to build this level of ownership. Incentive opportunities are unchanged compared to that of the previous Chief Executive Officer.
Any awards and payments from his previous employer, Manulife, that Mr Wadhwani has forfeited as a consequence of joining Prudential will be
replaced on a like-for-like basis, with replacement awards and payments released in accordance with the original vesting time frame attached to
the forfeited awards and payments. The performance shares and restricted shares together with share options will be bought out using share
options over nominal-cost Prudential shares. The buy-out will make use of Listing Rule 9.4.2. In addition, performance shares will remain subject to
the original Manulife performance conditions and only the “in the money” element of the options will be bought out. Full details of the
replacement awards will be disclosed at the time the awards are made and in the 2023 Directors’ remuneration report. Mr Wadhwani also received
compensation equal to salary, pension and housing benefits forfeited during the period between the end of his employment with Manulife and
commencement of his employment with the Group and reimbursement of the cost to him of buying out his notice period with his current
employer in order to facilitate his move to Prudential.




256                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                 prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                        Group overview




Payments to past Directors and payments for loss of office
There were no payments to Directors for loss of office in 2022.



                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
Mike Wells’s leaving arrangements
Following the announcement of his retirement on 10 February 2022, Mr Wells stepped down from the Board on 31 March 2022. Mr Wells
remained employed by the Group until 14 July 2022, receiving his salary and certain benefits (including pension benefits) until that date. The value
of the salary and benefits for the period between 1 April 2022 and the end of his employment is USD 767,000 (rounded to the nearest thousand
dollars). His 2022 bonus opportunity was pro-rated for the period worked in 2022. 60 per cent of this award will be paid in cash in the usual way,
and 40 per cent will be deferred for three years (to be released in the Spring of 2026). The award will be subject to malus and clawback provisions.
Mr Wells’s outstanding deferred bonus awards will be released on the original timetable, subject to malus and clawback provisions. Outstanding
long-term incentive awards will be pro-rated to the end of his employment and will vest in line with the original vesting dates, subject to
satisfaction of the performance conditions as well as malus and clawback provisions. Awards will continue to accumulate dividend equivalents,

                                                                                                                                                        Governance
and will be subject to a two-year holding period. No long-term incentive award was made in 2022.
Mr Wells’s outstanding options under the Prudential Savings Related Share Option Scheme and outstanding shares held under the Prudential
Share Incentive Plan will be treated as a ‘good leaver’ in accordance with the applicable HMRC-approved rules.
Mr Wells will be subject to the share ownership guideline (400 per cent of his salary on the date he left the Board) for a period of two years after
stepping down from the Board. During this period, he will be required to obtain clearance to deal in the Company’s shares. A capped contribution
was made towards legal fees incurred in respect of his retirement agreement, and Mr Wells will receive a capped contribution of up to £1,600 per
year towards the costs of filing UK tax returns for periods for which he has Prudential employment income taxable in the UK. Mr Wells is not eligible
for any payments for loss of office.




                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ remuneration report
Arrangements for James Turner
Given the Company’s exclusive focus on Asia and Africa and reflecting practice among Asian listed organisations not to have Chief Financial
Officers as Board members or Executive Directors, James Turner, Group Chief Financial Officer, stepped down from the Board with effect from
1 January 2023. He remains Group Chief Financial Officer and a member of the Group Executive Committee, and will be a standing attendee at
future Board meetings.
Mr Turner’s remuneration arrangements in respect of his departure from the Board were determined by the Committee in line with the Policy.
Salary, pension and benefits will continue to be paid to Mr Turner as he remains a member of the Group Executive Committee. Mr Turner was
eligible for a 2022 bonus as he remained an Executive Director for the full 2022 performance year. This award has been determined on
performance achieved, as detailed earlier in the report. 60 per cent of this award will be paid in cash in the usual way, and 40 per cent will be
deferred for three years (to be released in the Spring of 2026). The award will be subject to malus and clawback provisions.




                                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
Outstanding deferred bonus awards will be released on the original timetable. They remain subject to malus and clawback provisions and will
continue to accumulate dividends until they are released.
Outstanding long-term incentive awards will vest in line with the original vesting dates, subject to the satisfaction of the original performance
conditions. These awards will also continue to accumulate dividend equivalents until they are released and will remain subject to the original
malus and clawback provisions and a two-year holding period following the end of the three-year performance period.
Mr Turner is required to hold the lower of his actual shareholding following his stepping down from the Board on 31 December 2022 and his
current share ownership guideline of 250 per cent of salary for a period of two years. Thereafter, the Company’s shareholding guidelines that
apply to members of the Group Executive Committee will apply to him. Mr Turner will continue to be required to obtain clearance to deal in the
Company’s shares.




                                                                                                                                                        European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Arrangements for Mark FitzPatrick
Mark FitzPatrick stepped down as Interim Group Chief Executive and as a Board member on 24 February 2023 but will continue to assist with
specific projects until 30 June 2023. Mr FitzPatrick is entitled to 12 months’ notice commencing on the date he stepped down from the Board.
Remuneration arrangements in respect of Mr FitzPatrick’s departure from the Board have been determined by the Group Remuneration
Committee in line with the Directors’ remuneration policy approved by shareholders at the 2020 AGM. Mr FitzPatrick will not receive any loss of
office payments in respect of his service as Executive Director.
Salary, pension and benefits
Salary, pension and certain benefits will continue to be paid until the end of his notice period on 24 February 2024 (subject to adjustment in the
event that Mr FitzPatrick commences alternative employment before 24 February 2024). The monthly pensionable cash supplement relating to
the role of Interim Group Chief Executive ceased when Mr FitzPatrick stepped down from the Board.
Incentives
Mr FitzPatrick is eligible for an annual bonus under the Directors’ Remuneration Policy, which will be pro-rated for the period served as Interim
Group Chief Executive (1 January to 24 February 2023). Payment will be subject to achievement against the performance metrics as set out in
the ‘Statement of implementation of remuneration policy in 2023’ section, with any pay-out determined in the normal manner and at the normal




                                                                                                                                                        Additional information
time based on performance achieved in 2023. 40 per cent of any annual bonus earned will be deferred for three years (released in spring 2027),
in line with normal practice. This award will be subject to malus and clawback provisions.
Outstanding deferred bonus awards will be released on the original timetable. They remain subject to malus and clawback provisions and will
continue to accumulate dividends until they are released.




                                                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   257
Annual report on remuneration / continued




Outstanding long-term incentive awards will vest in line with the original vesting dates, subject to the satisfaction of the performance conditions.
The 2021 and 2022 PLTIP awards will be pro-rated to the end of Mr FitzPatrick’s employment. These awards remain subject to malus and
clawback provisions, and will continue to accumulate dividend equivalents until they are released. The awards will remain subject to a two-year
holding period following the end of their respective performance periods. No long-term incentive award will be made in 2023 or any subsequent
year.
Legal fees of up to £10,000 may be paid on Mr FitzPatrick’s behalf.
Any outstanding options under the Prudential Savings Related Share Option Scheme and any outstanding shares held under the Prudential Share
Incentive Plan will be treated in accordance with the applicable plan rules.
In line with the Directors’ remuneration policy approved by shareholders at the 2020 AGM, Mr FitzPatrick is required to hold the lower of his current
share ownership guideline of 250 per cent of salary and his actual shareholding when he steps down from the Board on 24 February 2023 for a
period of two years from the date on which he stepped down from the Board. Mr FitzPatrick will continue to be required to obtain clearance to deal
in the Company’s shares during this period.
Other Directors
A de minimis threshold of £10,000 has been set by the Committee; any payments or benefits provided to a past Director above this amount will be
reported.
Statement of voting at general meeting
The Directors’ remuneration policy was approved by shareholders at the 2020 Annual General Meeting. At the 2022 Annual General Meeting,
shareholders were asked to vote on the 2021 Directors’ remuneration report. Each of these resolutions received a significant vote in favour by
shareholders and the Committee is grateful for this support and endorsement by our shareholders. The votes received were:

                                                                             % of votes                   % of votes                                Votes
Resolution                                                       Votes for         cast   Votes against         cast   Total votes cast          withheld

To approve the Directors’ remuneration policy (2020 AGM)    1,930,172,979       95.84      83,796,656          4.16    2,013,969,635          1,043,445
To approve the Directors’ remuneration report (2022 AGM)    2,015,901,709       93.09     149,605,401          6.91    2,165,507,110         55,524,844


Statement of implementation of remuneration policy in 2023
Base salary
Executive Directors’ remuneration packages were reviewed in 2022, with changes effective from 1 January 2023. When the Committee made
these decisions, it considered the salary increases awarded to other employees in 2022 and the expected increases in 2023. The external market
reference points used to provide context to the Committee were based on data for 2023 TSR Peer group, Asia-focused Insurers and Asia Financial
Services Firms.
After due deliberation, the Committee considered there should be a 3 per cent salary increase to Mr FitzPatrick for 2023 which is less than the
average 6 per cent salary increase received by the wider Prudential workforce. On this basis, 2023 will be the eleventh consecutive year in which
the increases generally offered to executives have been below or close to the bottom of the range of salary increases budgeted for the broader
workforce.
The annual salaries effective for 2023 are set out below:
> Mark FitzPatrick: £847,000 effective 1 January 2023, plus a monthly pensionable cash supplement of £30,167 in the period he served as Interim
  Group Chief Executive; and
> Anil Wadhwani: HK$12,281,000 effective 25 February 2023.
2023 pension entitlements
The Executive Directors’ pension benefits will remain aligned to the workforce rate currently considered to be 13 per cent of salary. In addition,
statutory contributions will continue to be made into mandatory pension arrangements in the country in which the Executive Directors are based,
in line with the local requirements.
Annual bonus
Award levels
As Interim Group Chief Executive, Mark FitzPatrick will continue to be eligible for a maximum bonus opportunity of 200 per cent of salary (plus the
cash supplement for the period it was payable), pro-rated for the period served as an Executive Director from 1 January to 24 February 2023. Anil
Wadhwani will be eligible for a maximum bonus opportunity of 200 per cent of salary as Chief Executive Officer. This will be pro-rated for the
period worked since 25 February 2023.
Performance conditions
For 2023, the AIP for the Chief Executive Officer role will be based 80 per cent on financial measures and 20 per cent on personal objectives. The
financial AIP measures and weightings will change to align with those adopted for the Asia business, increasing the focus on new business profit.
The resulting 2023 financial AIP measures and weightings are as follows:
> Group EEV new business profit – 55 per cent;
> Group adjusted operating profit – 20 per cent;
> Group operating free surplus generated – 15 per cent; and
> Group Holding Company cash flow – 10 per cent.
The Committee reserves the right to vary 2023 AIP targets to ensure that they remain fair and stretching as the consequences of the re-opening
of the border between the Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong become apparent.


258               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                       prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                           Group overview




2023 share-based long-term incentive awards
Award levels



                                                                                                                                                           Strategic report
Anil Wadhwani will be eligible to receive 2023 PLTIP awards of 400 per cent.
Performance conditions
Performance conditions for 2023 PLTIP awards have been revised to ensure that they remain aligned with the strategic priorities and in particular
the Group’s exclusive focus on Asia and Africa. The weighting of the Return on Embedded Value (RoEV) measure, which reflects the efficiency with
which the Group deploys shareholder equity to generate operating returns, will increase to 40 per cent (from 30 per cent) and the weighting of the
scorecard (to be renamed the ‘business integrity scorecard’), which comprises metrics whose purpose is to ensure that reward remains aligned with
the strategic priorities and capital allocation framework of the Group, will increase to 25 per cent (from 20 per cent). In line with the Group-wide
Supervision Framework and regulatory expectations, Group Internal Economic Capital Assessment (‘GIECA’), an additional capital measure, will
be introduced into the business integrity scorecard for 2023 with a weighting of 5 per cent. No other changes are proposed to the business


                                                                                                                                                           Governance
integrity scorecard. Relative TSR will determine the vesting of the remaining 35 per cent of 2023 PLTIP awards (50 per cent for 2022 awards),
providing alignment with the emphasis placed on this metric by many Asian and UK companies.
The weighting of measures for the 2023 PLTIP awards for all Executive Directors will therefore be as follows:
> Relative TSR (35 per cent of award);
> A return on embedded value measure (40 per cent of award); and
> Business integrity scorecard of strategic measures (25 per cent of award).
Relative TSR




                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ remuneration report
Under the Group TSR measure, 20 per cent of the award will vest for TSR at the median of the peer group, increasing to full vesting for
performance within the upper quartile. TSR is measured on a local currency basis since this has the benefit of simplicity and directness of
comparison.
The TSR peer group has been revised from 2022 to further reflect the Group’s strategic focus and is set out below:

AIA Group                             China Life Insurance                  China Pacific Insurance Company        China Taiping Insurance

DBS Group                             Great Eastern                         Hang Seng Bank                         Manulife Financial

MetLife                               New China Life                        Ping An Insurance                      Standard Chartered




                                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
Return on Embedded Value
20 per cent of the award will vest for achieving the threshold level of performance of 9.2 per cent, increasing to full vesting for reaching the stretch
level of at least 12.5 per cent. RoEV will be calculated as the total EEV operating profit as a percentage of the average EEV basis shareholders’
equity. RoEV will be assessed at the Group level.
Business integrity scorecard
Under the 2023 business integrity scorecard, performance will be assessed for each of the five measures at the end of the three-year performance
period. Performance will be assessed on a sliding scale. Each of the measures has equal weighting and the 2023 measures are set out below:

Carbon reduction measure:              Weighted average carbon intensity (WACI) indicator at the end of the performance period (31 December




                                                                                                                                                           European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                       2025) compared with the baseline number as at 31 December 2019. Our carbon reduction objectives for the
                                       PLTIP are aligned with our published targets. Please see our ESG report for details of our carbon reduction
                                       target, our progress to date and the future actions that we plan in order to achieve our ambitions in this area,
                                       noting that future progress may not be linear.

Vesting basis:                         Performance below threshold results in nil vesting, 20 per cent vesting for achieving threshold of at least
                                       25 per cent reduction in WACI (ie WACI of 290), increasing to full vesting for performance above stretch level
                                       of at least 35 per cent reduction in WACI (ie WACI of 251). The baseline and target WACI have been
                                       externally validated.

GWS capital measure:                   Cumulative three-year GWS operating capital generation relative to threshold.

Vesting basis:                         Performance below threshold results in nil vesting, 20 per cent vesting for achieving threshold, increasing to
                                       full vesting for performance above stretch level. The threshold figure for this metric will be published in the
                                       Annual Report for the final year of the performance period.

GIECA measure:                         The incorporation of a Group Internal Economic Capital Assessment (‘GIECA’) metric into the remuneration




                                                                                                                                                           Additional information
                                       process will ensure adherence to the GWS guidelines on GIECA use and an alignment with management’s
                                       desire to fully embed the use of GIECA across the Group.

Vesting basis:                         Performance below threshold results in nil vesting, 20 per cent vesting for achieving threshold, increasing to
                                       full vesting for performance above stretch level. The threshold figure for this metric will be published in the
                                       Annual Report for the final year of the performance period.




                                                                                                        Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    259
Annual report on remuneration / continued




Conduct measure:                       Through strong risk management action, ensure there are no significant conduct/culture/governance issues
                                       that result in significant capital add-ons or material fines.

Vesting basis:                         Performance below threshold results in nil vesting, 20 per cent vesting for partial achievement of the Group’s
                                       expectations, increasing to full vesting for achieving the Group’s expectations.

Diversity measure:                     Percentage of the Core Group of leaders that are female at the end of 2025. The Core Group of leaders,
                                       replacing the Executive Council and Leadership team, is defined as individuals who occupy a value-creator
                                       role across the organisation and/or individuals who have demonstrated future potential and succession to a
                                       value-creator role.

Vesting basis:                         Performance below threshold results in nil vesting, 20 per cent vests for meeting the threshold of at least
                                       35 per cent of our Core Group of leaders being female at the end of 2025, increasing to full vesting for
                                       reaching the stretch level of at least 40 per cent being female at that date.


Chair and Non-executive Directors
Fees for the Chair and Non-executive Directors were reviewed in 2022 with changes effective from 1 July 2022, as set out under the ‘Chairman
and Non-executive Director remuneration in 2022’ section. The next regular fee level review will be conducted in 2023.




Chua Sock Koong
Chair of the Remuneration Committee
15 March 2023




260              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                     prudentialplc.com
New Directors’ remuneration policy

                                                                                                                                                             Group overview




This section sets out the revised Directors’ remuneration policy (‘Policy’) which will be put forward to shareholders for a binding vote at the 2023
AGM on 25 May 2023. If approved, this Policy will apply immediately for three years following the AGM. This Policy has evolved from the current



                                                                                                                                                             Strategic report
Policy which was approved at the AGM held on 14 May 2020 and has applied from that date.
As discussed in the Annual statement from the Chair of the Remuneration Committee (the ‘Committee’), the current Policy has operated as
intended. Full details of the existing Policy can be found on pages 174 to 191 of the 2019 Annual Report or on our website at
www.prudentialplc.com/~/media/Files/P/Prudential-V13/policies-and-statements/directors-remuneration-policy-2020-1.pdf
During 2022, the Committee reviewed the Policy, taking into account the Group’s strategic shift to focus exclusively on Asia and Africa, the views
of our shareholders, the UK Corporate Governance Code, market practice and the broader regulatory and competitive environment. It also
considered workforce remuneration and related policies in the businesses across the Group, including how the Company’s incentive arrangements
are aligned with our footprint in Asia . Input was sought from the management team, while ensuring that conflicts of interest were suitably
mitigated. The Committee is entirely made up of independent Non-executive Directors and no-one is present when their own remuneration is

                                                                                                                                                             Governance
being discussed by the Committee. Advice is sought from the Group Risk Committee on risk management considerations to be applied in respect
of executive remuneration, in line with the broader Group Risk Framework.
In reviewing the Policy, alternative remuneration structures were considered. Following careful consideration and discussion with our major
investors, the Committee has decided to retain a typical UK-listed incentive structure but introduce some changes to the Policy to equip the Group
to recruit and retain critical executive talent in our key markets.
Changes from 2020 Policy
The proposed Policy generally reflects that approved by shareholders in May 2020. However, the Committee felt that it was important to make
certain changes to specific components in order to align reward with the strategic priorities of the Group and, in particular, its exclusive focus on




                                                                                                                                                             Directors’ remuneration report
Asia and Africa. The principal differences are set out below.
> Deferral of the Annual Incentive Plan (‘AIP’) in cash rather than shares once the Executive Director’s Share Ownership Guideline is achieved;
> In respect of the Prudential Long Term Incentive Plan (‘PLTIP’) performance measures, reduce the relative weighting of the Total Shareholder
  Return (‘TSR’) performance measure from 50 per cent to 35 per cent and increase the weighting of Return on Embedded Value (‘RoEV’) to
  40 per cent (from 30 per cent) and business integrity scorecard to 25 per cent (from 20 per cent ). Full details of the relative TSR, RoEV and
  business integrity scorecard target ranges to be attached to 2023 PLTIP awards are disclosed prospectively in the 2022 Directors’ remuneration
  report.
> The sections dealing with malus and clawback and the treatment of Executive Directors leaving Prudential have been updated to reflect the
  terms of the 2023 Prudential Long Term Incentive Plan, which is being submitted to shareholders at the 2023 AGM for approval.

Fixed pay Policy for Executive Directors




                                                                                                                                                             Financial statements
Component and purpose         Operation                                                                               Opportunity

Base salary                   Prudential’s Policy is to offer Executive Directors base salaries that are              Annual salary increases for
Paying salaries at a          competitive within their local market.                                                  Executive Directors will normally be
competitive level enables                                                                                             in line with the increases for other
the Company to recruit        The Committee usually reviews salaries annually with changes normally                   employees unless there is a change
and retain key Executive      effective from 1 January. In determining base salary for each Executive                 in role or responsibility.
Directors.                    Director, the Committee considers factors such as:
                              > Salary increases for other employees across the Group;




                                                                                                                                                             European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                              > The performance and experience of the Executive Directors;
                              > The size and scope of the role;
                              > Group financial performance;
                              > Internal relativities; and
                              > External factors such as economic conditions and market data, taking into
                                account the geographies and markets in which the Company operates.

Benefits                      Prudential’s Policy is for the Committee to have the discretion to offer                The maximum paid will be the cost
Provided to Executive         Executive Directors benefits which reflect their individual circumstances and           to the Company of providing these
Directors to assist them      are competitive within their local market, including but not limited to :               benefits. The cost of these benefits
in carrying out their                                                                                                 may vary from year to year but the
duties efficiently.           > Health and wellness benefits;                                                         Committee is mindful of achieving
                              > Protection and security benefits;                                                     the best value from providers.
Relocation and                > Transport benefits;
location-specific benefits    > Family and education benefits;
allow Prudential to
attract high calibre          > All employee share plans and savings plans;




                                                                                                                                                             Additional information
Executive Directors in the    > Relocation and location-specific benefits; and
international talent          > Reimbursed business expenses (including any tax liability) incurred when
market and to deploy            travelling overseas in performance of duties.
them appropriately
within the Group.




                                                                                                           Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   261
New Directors’ remuneration policy / continued




Component and purpose         Operation                                                                          Opportunity

Provision for an income       Prudential’s Policy is to offer Executive Directors a pension provision that is    Executive Directors, either externally
in retirement                 competitive and appropriate in the context of pension benefits for the wider       recruited or promoted from within
Pension benefits provide      workforce.                                                                         the Company, will be entitled to
Executive Directors with                                                                                         receive pension contributions or a
opportunities to save for     Executive Directors have the option to:                                            cash supplement (or a combination
an income in retirement.      > Receive payments into a defined contribution scheme; and/or                      of the two) in line with the workforce
                              > Take a cash supplement in lieu of contributions.                                 rate, currently considered to be
                                                                                                                 13 per cent of base salary.
                              In addition, Executive Directors may receive statutory contributions to
                              mandatory pension arrangements in the country in which they are based in           In addition, statutory contributions
                              line with local requirements.                                                      will be made to mandatory pension
                                                                                                                 arrangements in the country in
                                                                                                                 which the Executive Directors are
                                                                                                                 based, in line with the local
                                                                                                                 requirements.


Annual bonus Policy for Executive Directors

Annual bonus
Payments under the Annual Incentive Plan (AIP) incentivise the delivery of stretching financial, functional and/or personal objectives which are
drawn from the annual business plan measured over a period not exceeding one financial year.

Operation                     Currently Executive Directors participate in the AIP.
                              The AIP payments for Executive Directors are subject to the achievement of financial, functional and/or personal
                              objectives except in the case of buy-out awards on recruitment – see the ‘Approach to recruitment remuneration’
                              section.

Form and timing of            Executive Directors are currently required to defer 40 per cent of their bonus for three years into Prudential shares,
payment                       with the remaining proportion of their bonus paid in cash following the end of the performance year. For bonus
                              awards made in respect of the 2023 performance year onwards, 40 per cent of their bonus will be deferred in cash
                              for three years provided that the Executive Director’s share ownership guideline is met. Deferred awards will be
                              made in shares if the Executive Director’s share ownership guideline has not yet been achieved. The Committee
                              retains discretion to vary the proportion of the bonus to be deferred and the length of the deferral period.
                              The release of deferred bonus awards is not subject to any further performance conditions. Deferred bonus
                              awards in shares carry the right to accumulate an amount to reflect the dividends payable in respect of the shares
                              that vest during the deferral period. These dividend equivalents will normally be settled in shares, but there is the
                              flexibility to deliver them in cash. The amount of the dividend equivalent payment may assume the re-investment
                              of the relevant dividends in shares.
                              The Committee has the authority to apply clawback and/or a malus adjustment to all, or a portion of, the cash
                              and deferred award elements of the bonus. More details about clawback and malus are set out below. See the
                              Policy on corporate transactions section for details of the Committee’s powers in the case of corporate
                              transactions.

Determining annual            In assessing financial performance, the Committee determines the AIP award for each Executive Director with
bonus awards                  reference to the performance achieved against approved performance ranges.
                              In assessing performance, the Committee will take into account the personal performance of the Executive
                              Director and the Group’s risk framework and appetite, as well as other relevant factors. To assist them in their
                              assessment the Committee considers advice from the Group Risk Committee on adherence to the Group’s risk
                              framework and appetite and to all relevant conduct standards.
                              The Committee may adjust the formulaic outcome based on the performance targets to reflect the underlying
                              performance of the Company by applying discretion within the limits of the Policy. The Committee will disclose in
                              the relevant Directors’ Remuneration Report where discretion is used.




262               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                     prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                  Group overview




Opportunity                  The maximum AIP opportunity is up to 200 per cent of salary for Executive Directors. Annual awards are disclosed
                             in the relevant Annual report on remuneration.


                                                                                                                                                  Strategic report
Performance measures         The Committee has the discretion, for each Executive Director, to determine the specific performance conditions
                             attached to each AIP cycle and to set annual targets for these measures with reference to the business plans
                             approved by the Board. The financial measures used for the AIP will typically include profit and cash flow targets
                             and payments depend on the achievement of minimum capital thresholds and operation within the Board
                             approved risk framework and appetite. For the measures to be used in 2023, please refer to the Annual report on
                             remuneration.
                             No bonus is payable under the AIP for performance at or below the threshold level, increasing to 100 per cent for
                             achieving or exceeding the maximum level.

                                                                                                                                                  Governance
                             The weightings of the performance measures for 2023 for the Group Chief Executive are 80 per cent Group
                             financial measures and 20 per cent personal measures.
                             The Committee retains the discretion to adjust and/or set different performance measures and/or targets if
                             events occur (such as a change in strategy, a material acquisition and/or divestment of a Group business, a
                             change in share capital of the Company, a change in the capital framework, or the requirements of the Company’s
                             regulators or a change in prevailing market conditions) which cause the Committee to determine that the
                             measures and/or targets are no longer appropriate and that amendment is required so that they achieve their
                             original purpose (or comply with such regulatory requirements).




                                                                                                                                                  Directors’ remuneration report
Amendments                   The Committee may make amendments to the rules of the deferred bonus plan which it considers appropriate
                             (such as amendments which benefit the administration of the plan) but it will not make any amendments which
                             are incompatible with the approved Directors’ remuneration Policy.

Committee discretions        In determining awards under the AIP, the Committee retains the discretion to adjust the formulaic outcome
                             against any or all measures if it considers that the outcome does not reflect the underlying financial or non-
                             financial performance of the participant or any member of the Group over the performance period and/or there
                             exists any other reason why an adjustment is appropriate, taking into account such factors as the Committee
                             considers relevant.




                                                                                                                                                  Financial statements
Long-term incentive Policy for Executive Directors

Prudential Long Term Incentive Plan (PLTIP)
The Prudential Long Term Incentive Plan is designed to incentivise the delivery of:
> Longer-term business plans;
> Sustainable long-term returns for shareholders; and
> Group strategic priorities, such as disciplined risk and capital management.

Opportunity                  The value of shares awarded under the PLTIP (in respect of any given financial year) may not exceed 550 per cent




                                                                                                                                                  European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                             of the Executive Director’s annual basic salary.
                             Awards made in a particular year are usually significantly below this limit.
                             On recruitment, any buy out awards will not count towards this limit provided that they replace forgone awards on
                             a like for like basis – see further details in the ‘Approach to recruitment remuneration’ section.
                             It is proposed that the Group Chief Executive receives a PLTIP award of 400 per cent of salary in 2023.
                             The Committee would consult with major shareholders before making any increase to current award levels. Award
                             levels are disclosed in the relevant Annual report on remuneration.

Operation                    Currently Executive Directors participate in the PLTIP.
                             Prudential’s Policy is that Executive Directors may receive long-term incentive awards with full vesting only
                             achieved if the Company meets stretching performance targets except in the case of buyout awards on
                             recruitment – see the ‘Approach to recruitment remuneration’ section.

Granting awards              Under the PLTIP the shares which are awarded will ordinarily vest to the extent that performance conditions have




                                                                                                                                                  Additional information
                             been met. If performance conditions are not achieved at the end of the three-year performance period, the
                             unvested portion of any award lapses and performance cannot be retested.




                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   263
New Directors’ remuneration policy / continued




Holding period               Awards made under this Policy are normally subject to a holding period which ends on the fifth anniversary of the
                             award (unless the Committee so determines, in exceptional circumstances, such as an Executive Director passing
                             away).
                             If the Committee so determines, the Company may sell such number of shares as is required to satisfy any tax
                             liability that arises on vesting and the balance of shares will be subject to the holding period.

Determining the              The Committee has the authority to apply clawback and/or a malus adjustment to all, or a portion of, a PLTIP
release of the award         award. More details about clawback and malus are set out below.
                             Awards will normally carry the right to accumulate an amount to reflect the dividends payable on the shares that
                             vest during the period between the awards being granted and the award vesting (or, if a holding period applies,
                             the period between the awards being granted and the award being released). Dividend equivalents will normally
                             be settled in shares, but there is the flexibility to deliver them in cash. The amount of the dividend equivalent
                             payment may assume the re-investment of the relevant dividends in shares.

Performance measures         The performance conditions attached to 2023 PLTIP awards for Executive Directors are:
                             > Relative TSR (35 per cent of award);
                             > A Return on Embedded Value measure (40 per cent of award); and
                             > Business integrity scorecard (previously known as the ‘sustainability scorecard’) measures (25 per cent of
                               award).
                             Using a Return on Embedded Value metric alongside TSR and a business integrity scorecard will ensure that the
                             full value of long-term incentive awards is attained only where capital is effectively created and deployed in a way
                             which creates shareholder returns superior to those delivered by peers while business integrity expectations are
                             met.
                             The Committee may decide to attach different performance conditions and/or change the conditions’ weighting
                             for future PLTIP awards. The performance conditions attached to each award will be disclosed in the relevant
                             Annual report on remuneration.
                             Relative TSR is measured over three years. 20 per cent of this portion of each award will vest for achieving the
                             threshold level of median, increasing to full vesting for meeting the stretch level of upper quartile. For awards
                             made in 2023, TSR is measured against a peer group of international insurers similar to Prudential in size,
                             geographic footprint and products. The peer group for each award is disclosed in the relevant Annual report on
                             remuneration.
                             Average over a three-year period of Return on Embedded Value, defined as Operating return on average EEV
                             shareholders’ equity, calculated as EEV operating profit net of non-controlling interests divided by average EEV
                             shareholders’ equity, is assessed at Group level. Threshold and maximum achievement levels will be set at the
                             beginning of the performance periods in line with the three-year business plan. 20 per cent of this portion of the
                             award will vest for achieving threshold performance increasing to full vesting for meeting stretch targets.
                             Performance against the measures in the business integrity scorecard is assessed at the end of the three-year
                             performance period. For the 2023 awards these measures will be equally weighted. 20 per cent of this portion of
                             the award will vest for achieving threshold performance increasing to full vesting for meeting stretch targets. The
                             scorecard measures for each award are disclosed in the relevant Annual report on remuneration for the year of
                             grant.
                             The Committee also considers advice from the Group Risk Committee on whether results were achieved within the
                             Group’s and businesses’ risk framework and appetite and to all relevant conduct standards.




264              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                    prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                      Group overview




Committee discretions       For any awards made under the PLTIP to vest, the Committee must be satisfied that the quality of the Company’s
                            underlying financial performance justifies the level of reward delivered at the end of the performance period. The


                                                                                                                                                      Strategic report
                            Committee receives data about factors such as risk management and the cost of capital to support their decision.
                            The Committee has the discretion to alter or disapply the holding period if it believes that it is appropriate. See the
                            Policy on corporate transactions section for details of the Committee’s powers in the case of corporate transactions.
                            The Committee retains the ability to amend the performance conditions and/or targets attached to an award
                            and/or set different performance measures (or to revise the weighting of measures) which apply to new or
                            outstanding long-term incentive awards if anything happens which causes the Committee to consider it
                            appropriate, provided the Committee considers that the amended condition will not be materially more or less
                            challenging to satisfy than the original condition in the circumstances.


                                                                                                                                                      Governance
                             The Committee may consider exercising its discretion in circumstances such as a change in strategy, a material
                            acquisition and/or divestment of a Group business or a change in the share capital of the Company, a change in
                            the requirements of the Company’s regulators or a change in prevailing market conditions. The Committee would
                            seek to consult with major shareholders before revising performance conditions on outstanding awards under the
                            PLTIP.
                            It is the intention of the Committee that PLTIP awards should normally reflect the outcomes of performance
                            measures set. However, the Committee may, in its discretion, adjust (including by reducing to nil) the formulaic
                            outcome under the PLTIP if it considers that:




                                                                                                                                                      Directors’ remuneration report
                            (i)   the extent to which any performance condition has been met does not reflect the underlying financial or
                                  non-financial performance of the participant or any member of the Group over the performance period; or
                            (ii) there exists any other reason why an adjustment is appropriate, taking into account such factors as the
                                 Committee considers relevant, including the context of circumstances that were unexpected or unforeseen
                                 at the date of grant.

Amendments                  The Committee may make amendments to the rules of the Plan which are minor and benefit the administration
                            of the Plan, which take account of any changes in legislation, and/or which obtain or maintain favourable tax,
                            exchange control or regulatory treatment. Otherwise, no amendments may be made to certain key provisions of
                            the PLTIP to the advantage of participants without prior shareholder approval.

Share ownership guidelines for Executive Directors




                                                                                                                                                      Financial statements
It is imperative that the Company’s remuneration arrangements align the interests of Executive Directors and other shareholders. Share
ownership guidelines reinforce this alignment.

In-employment               Under the Articles of Association, Executive Directors are required to hold at least 2,500 shares and have one year,
guidelines                  from their date of appointment to the Board, to acquire these.
                            The share ownership guidelines for the Group Chief Executive during their employment is 400 per cent of salary.
                            Executive Directors normally have five years from the later of the date of their appointment or promotion, or the
                            date of an increase in these guidelines, to build this level of ownership. Shares earned and deferred under the AIP
                            are included in calculating the Executive Director’s shareholding for these purposes (on a net of tax basis), as are




                                                                                                                                                      European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                            shares held by members of an Executive Director’s household. Unvested share awards under long-term incentive
                            plans are not included but vested share awards under long-term incentive plans which are subject to a post-
                            vesting holding period are included (on a net of tax basis, where the shares have not yet been delivered to the
                            Executive Director).
                            Progress against the share ownership guidelines is detailed in the Statement of Directors’ shareholdings section of
                            the Annual report on remuneration.
                            Should an Executive Director not meet the share ownership guidelines, the Committee retains the discretion to
                            determine how this should be addressed, taking account of all the prevailing circumstances. In the absence of
                            mitigating circumstances, if an Executive Director fails to comply with the share ownership guideline in the required
                            timeframe and has not (in the opinion of the Committee) taken reasonable steps to achieve compliance, despite
                            encouragement to do so, then the Committee may take steps including preventing the individual from selling shares
                            or mandating the use of any cash bonuses to buy Prudential plc shares.

Post Directorship           When an Executive Director leaves the Board, they will be required to hold the lower of their actual shareholding
guidelines                  on the date of them stepping down from the Board and their in-employment share ownership guideline for a
                            period of two years.




                                                                                                                                                      Additional information
                            The Committee has the discretion to disapply or reduce this requirement in extenuating circumstances, for
                            example if the Executive Director takes up a role with a Regulator or for compassionate reasons (such as genuine
                            financial hardship or on death).
                            This obligation will be implemented by requiring Executive Directors leaving the Board to obtain clearance to deal
                            in the Company’s shares during the two years during which this post Directorship share ownership guideline
                            applies in the same way as they must during the time on the Board.


                                                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    265
New Directors’ remuneration policy / continued




Malus and clawback Policy
As detailed in the Policy table, the Committee may apply clawback and/or a malus adjustment to variable pay in certain circumstances as set out
below. The Committee can delay the release of awards pending the completion of an investigation which could lead to the application of malus or
clawback. The Committee may also introduce additional malus and/or clawback provisions where required to do so by regulatory requirements
applicable to it.

                               Circumstances when the Committee may exercise its discretion to apply malus or clawback to an award

Malus (applies in respect      Malus may be applied where there are exceptional circumstances, such as:
of any annual bonus or
long-term incentive            > a material misstatement in the published results of any member of the Group, for any period during or after the
award)                           performance period (or if no performance periods are applicable, the vesting period);
                               > an error in the assessment of any applicable performance conditions, the determination of the relevant bonus
Allows deferred cash             or the number of shares subject to an award (or where such assessment was based on inaccurate or misleading
awards and unvested              information);
shares awarded under           > gross misconduct;
deferred bonus and LTIP        > a breach by the Executive Director of any restrictive covenants or other similar undertakings;
plans to be forfeited or
reduced in certain             > where the Executive Director has caused a material financial loss for the Group as a result of (i) reckless,
circumstances.                   negligent or wilful actions or omissions; or (ii) inappropriate values or behaviour;
                               > where a member of the Group is censured by a regulatory body or suffers significant reputational damage; and
                               > insolvency or corporate failure.

Clawback                       Clawback may be applied where there are exceptional circumstances, such as the circumstances listed above:
Allows cash and share
awards, including shares       > For the PLTIP, at any time before the fifth anniversary of the award date, and
subject to the holding         > For the AIP, at any time before the fifth anniversary of the end of the bonus performance period.
period, to be recovered
before or after release in
certain circumstances.


Notes to the remuneration Policy table for Executive Directors
Committee’s judgement
The Committee is required to make judgements when assessing Company and individual performance under the Directors’ remuneration Policy.
In addition, the Committee has discretions under the Company’s share plans, for example, determining if a leaver should retain their unvested
awards (and if so, the basis on which they are retained) and whether to apply malus or clawback to an award. Exercise of such discretion during the
year will be reported and explained in the next Annual report on remuneration.
The Committee may approve payments or awards in excess of, in a different form to, or calculated or delivered other than as described above,
where the Committee considers such changes necessary or appropriate in light of regulatory requirements. If these changes are considered by the
Committee to be material, the Company will seek to consult with its major shareholders.




266                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                 prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                       Group overview




Determining the performance measures
The Committee selected the performance measures that currently apply to variable pay plans on the following basis:



                                                                                                                                                       Strategic report
AIP
The performance measures are selected to incentivise the delivery of the Group’s business plan, specifically to ensure that financial objectives are
delivered while maintaining adequate levels of capital. Executive Directors are also rewarded for the achievement of functional and/or personal
objectives. These objectives include the Executive Director’s contribution to Group strategy as a member of the Board and achievement of the
Group’s strategic priorities.
PLTIP
Awards made under the PLTIP in 2023 are subject to the achievement of Return on Embedded Value, relative TSR and a business integrity
scorecard:


                                                                                                                                                       Governance
> Return on Embedded Value was selected as a performance measure for the PLTIP because it is a familiar measure for investors, is comparable
  across the market and also aligns performance incentives to the generation of long-term shareholder value.
> Relative TSR was selected as a performance measure because it focuses on the value delivered to shareholders – aligning the long-term
  interests of shareholders with those of Executive Directors .
> A business integrity scorecard was selected to ensure an alignment with the Group’s strategic objectives, which are approved by the Board each
  year, and to reflect Prudential’s cultural values.
The Committee may decide to attach different performance conditions and/or change the conditions’ weighting for future PLTIP awards.
Setting the performance ranges for financial targets




                                                                                                                                                       Directors’ remuneration report
Where variable pay has performance conditions based on business plan measures (for example the financial metrics of the AIP and the Return on
Embedded Value element of the PLTIP) the performance ranges are set by the Committee prior to, or at the beginning of, the performance period.
Performance is based on the annual and longer-term plans approved by the Board. These reflect the long-term ambitions of the Group and its
businesses, in the context of anticipated market conditions.
For market-based performance conditions (eg relative TSR) the Committee requires that performance is in the upper quartile, relative to
Prudential’s peer group, for awards to vest in full.
Targets used to determine annual bonus outcomes will be disclosed in the Directors’ remuneration report for the year for which the bonus is paid.
Wherever possible, the targets attached to long-term incentive awards will be disclosed prospectively at the time of the award. Where long-term
incentive targets are commercially sensitive, they will be published in the Annual Report for the final year of the performance period.
Key differences between Directors’ remuneration and the remuneration of the wider workforce




                                                                                                                                                       Financial statements
Across the Group, remuneration is reviewed regularly with the intention that all employees are paid appropriately in the context of their local
market and given their individual skills, experience and performance. The Committee regularly receives information on workforce remuneration
and related policies and takes this into account when determining Executive Director remuneration; for example it considers salary increase
budgets for the workforce when determining the salaries of Executive Directors.
The remuneration principles that apply to Executive Directors are cascaded to employees as appropriate. Employees are regularly provided with
an explanation of how decisions on executive pay are made and how they reflect the wider Company remuneration Policy.
Legacy payments
The Committee reserves the right to make any remuneration payments and/or payments for loss of office (including exercising any discretions




                                                                                                                                                       European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
available to it in connection with such payments) notwithstanding that they are not in line with the Policy set out above where the terms of the
payment were agreed (i) before 15 May 2014 (the date the Company’s first shareholder-approved Directors’ remuneration Policy came into
effect); (ii) before this Policy came into effect, provided that the terms of the payment were consistent with the shareholder-approved Directors’
remuneration Policy in force at the time they were agreed; or (iii) at a time when the relevant individual was not a Director of the Company and, in
the opinion of the Committee, the payment was not in consideration for the individual becoming or having been a Director of the Company. For
these purposes ‘payments’ includes the Committee satisfying awards of variable remuneration and, in relation to an award over shares, the terms
of the payment are ’agreed’ at the time the award is granted.
Currency and references to ‘shares’
In this Policy, references to shares may include share awards settled in shares listed on any of the stock exchanges where the Company has a
listing. Remuneration may be denominated and paid in any currency the Committee determines.




                                                                                                                                                       Additional information




                                                                                                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   267
New Directors’ remuneration policy / continued




Scenarios of total remuneration
The chart below provides an illustration of the future total remuneration for the Executive Director in respect of his remuneration opportunity for
2023. Four scenarios of potential outcome are provided based on underlying assumptions shown in the notes to the chart.
The Committee is satisfied that the maximum potential remuneration of the Executive Director is appropriate. Prudential’s Policy is to offer
Executive Directors remuneration which reflects the performance and experience of the Executive Director, internal relativities and Group financial
and non-financial performance. In order for the maximum total remuneration to be payable:
> Financial performance must exceed the Group’s stretching business plan;
> Relative TSR must be at or above the upper quartile relative to the peer group;
> The business integrity scorecard, aligned to the Group’s strategic priorities, must be fully satisfied;
> Functional and personal performance objectives must be fully met; and
> Performance must be achieved within the Group’s risk framework and appetite.
The fourth scenario below illustrates the maximum potential remuneration (shown in the third scenario) on the assumption that the Company’s
share price grows by 50 per cent over three years.


  Scenario Chart – Anil Wadhwani
  16,000
                                                                                                                                     15,065
                                                                                                                                      62%
  14,000

                                                                                                       11,928
  12,000
                                                                                                        53%

  10,000


      8,000
                                                                 7,580
                                                                 48%

      6,000
                                                                                                        26%                           21%
      4,000
                                                                 20%
                      2,518
      2,000           100%                                       32%                                    21%                           17%


         0
                    Minimum                            In line with expectations                       Maximum                 Share price growth


       Fixed    Short-term incentives        Long-term incentives



Notes		
The scenarios in the chart above have been calculated on the following assumptions:

                                      Minimum                              In line with expectations      Maximum                  Share price growth

Fixed pay                             > Base salary at 1 January 2023.
                                      > Pension allowance for the year has been calculated at 13% of salary in line with this Policy.
                                      > Estimated value of benefits based on average amounts paid in 2022.

Annual bonus                          No bonus paid.                       > 50% of maximum AIP.          > 100% of maximum AIP.

Long-term incentives (excludes        No PLTIP vesting.                    > Vesting of 60% of award > Vesting of 100% of          > Vesting of 100% of
dividends)                                                                   under PLTIP (midway       award under PLTIP.            award under PLTIP; plus
                                                                             between threshold and                                 > Share price growth of
                                                                             maximum).                                               50 per cent over three
                                                                                                                                     years.




268                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                     Group overview




Approach to recruitment remuneration
The table below outlines the approach that Prudential will take when recruiting a new Executive Director. This approach would also apply to



                                                                                                                                                     Strategic report
internal promotions.
The approach to recruiting a Non-executive Director or a Chair is outlined in the ‘Recruitment of a new Chair or Non-executive Director’ section .

Element                      Principles                                                  Potential variations

Base pay                     The salary for a new Executive Director will be set using
                             the approach set out in the fixed pay Policy table.

Benefits and pension         The benefits for a new Executive Director will be
                             consistent with those outlined in the fixed pay Policy

                                                                                                                                                     Governance
                             table.

Variable remuneration        The variable remuneration opportunities for a new
opportunity                  Executive Director would be consistent with the limits
                             and structures outlined in the variable pay Policy table.

Awards and                   On joining the Board from within the Group, the             The Committee may consider compensating a
contractual rights           Committee may allow an Executive Director to retain         newly-appointed Executive Director for other relevant
forfeited when leaving       any outstanding deferred bonus and/or long-term             contractual rights forfeited when leaving their previous




                                                                                                                                                     Directors’ remuneration report
previous employer            incentive awards and/or other contractual                   employer and/or remuneration foregone as a result of
                             arrangements that they held on their appointment.           leaving their previous employer.
                             These awards (which may have been made under
                             plans not listed in this Policy) would usually remain       The use of Listing Rule 9.4.2 may be used to facilitate
                             subject to the original rules, performance conditions       the recruitment of an Executive Director. The
                             and vesting schedule applied to them when they were         Committee does not anticipate using this rule on a
                             awarded.                                                    routine basis but reserves the right to do so in an
                                                                                         exceptional circumstance. For example, this rule may
                             If an externally-appointed Executive Director forfeits      be required if, for any reason, like-for-like replacement
                             one or more bonuses (including outstanding deferred         awards on recruitment could not be made under
                             bonuses) on leaving a previous employer, these              existing plans.
                             payments or awards may be replaced in either cash,
                             Prudential shares or options over Prudential shares         This provision would only be used to compensate for
                                                                                         remuneration forfeited or foregone on leaving a




                                                                                                                                                     Financial statements
                             with an award of an equivalent value. Replacement
                             awards will normally be released on the same schedule       previous employer.
                             as the foregone bonuses.
                             If an externally-appointed Executive Director forfeits
                             one or more long-term incentive awards on leaving a
                             previous employer, these may be replaced with
                             Prudential awards with an equivalent value.
                             Replacement awards will generally be made under the
                             terms of a long-term incentive plan approved by




                                                                                                                                                     European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                             shareholders, and vest on the same schedule as the
                             foregone awards. Where foregone awards were
                             subject to performance conditions, performance
                             conditions will normally be applied to awards replacing
                             foregone long-term incentive awards; these will usually
                             be the same as those applied to the long-term
                             incentive awards made to Prudential Executive
                             Directors in the year in which the forfeited award was
                             made. Where foregone awards were not subject to
                             performance conditions, performance conditions will
                             not normally be applied to awards replacing them.
                             If an externally-appointed Executive Director incurs
                             costs in connection with joining Prudential (such as
                             buying out their notice period with a previous
                             employer at the Company’s request), the Executive
                             Director may be reimbursed for these costs .




                                                                                                                                                     Additional information




                                                                                                        Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   269
New Directors’ remuneration policy / continued




Policy on payment on loss of office

Element                       Principles                                                Potential variations

Notice periods                The Company’s Policy is that Executive Directors’         If an Executive Director is dismissed for cause their
                              service contracts will not require the Company to give    contract would be terminated with immediate effect
                              an Executive Director more than 12 months’ notice         and they would not receive any payments in relation to
                              without prior shareholder approval. A shorter notice      their notice period.
                              period may be offered where this is in line with market
                              practice in an executive’s location. Contracts for new    Should an Executive Director die, their estate would
                              Executive Directors may be offered with a six-month       not be entitled to receive payments and benefits in
                              notice period.                                            respect of their notice period – provisions are made
                                                                                        under the Company’s life assurance scheme to provide
                              The Company is required to give to, and to receive        for this circumstance.
                              from, each of the current Executive Directors 12
                              months’ notice of termination. An Executive Director      Should an Executive Director step down from the
                              whose contract is terminated would be entitled to         Board but remain employed by the Group, they would
                              salary and benefits in respect of their notice period.    not receive any payment in lieu of notice in respect of
                              The payment of the salary and benefits would either       their service as a Director.
                              be phased over the notice period or, alternatively, a
                              payment in lieu of notice may be made.
                              In agreeing the terms of departure for any Executive
                              Director, other than on death or disablement, the
                              Company will have regard to the need to mitigate the
                              costs for the Company, which would normally be
                              reduced or cease if departing Executive Directors
                              secure alternative paid employment during the notice
                              period.

Outstanding deferred          The treatment of outstanding deferred bonuses will be     Any Executive Director dismissed for cause would
bonus awards                  decided by the Committee taking into account the          forfeit all outstanding deferred bonus awards.
                              circumstances of the departure including the
                              performance of the Executive Director.                    Should an Executive Director die, outstanding deferred
                                                                                        bonus awards will be released as soon as possible after
                              Deferred bonus awards are normally retained by            the date of death. On ill-health and in other
                              participants leaving the Company. Awards will usually     exceptional circumstances, the Committee has
                              vest on the original timetable and will not normally be   discretion to accelerate the vesting of any outstanding
                              released early on termination.                            deferred bonus awards.
                              Prior to release, awards remain subject to the malus      Should an Executive Director step down from the
                              terms originally applied to them. The clawback            Board but remain employed by the Group, they would
                              provisions will continue to apply.                        retain any outstanding deferred bonus awards. These
                                                                                        awards would remain subject to the original rules and
                                                                                        vesting schedule applied to them when they were
                                                                                        awarded.




270              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                  prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                           Group overview




Element                  Principles                                               Potential variations

Unvested long-term       The treatment of unvested long-term incentives will be   Any Executive Director dismissed for cause would


                                                                                                                                           Strategic report
incentive awards         decided by the Committee taking into account the         forfeit all unvested long-term incentive awards.
                         circumstances of the departure including the
                         performance of the Executive Directors.                  If the Committee has judged that the departing
                                                                                  Executive Director should retain their unvested
                         Where an Executive Director is determined to be a        long-term incentive awards with the expectation that:
                         good leaver, unvested long-term incentive awards will
                         normally subsist. These awards will ordinarily be        (i)		the Executive Director is retiring from their
                         pro-rated, unless the Committee determines otherwise           professional executive career; and/or
                         to reflect the proportion of the performance period      (ii)	the Executive Director will not be seeking to


                                                                                                                                           Governance
                         that has elapsed, and will vest on the original                secure alternative employment with another
                         timescale. Awards will remain subject to the original          organisation of comparable size as the Company
                         performance conditions assessed over the entire                or that is within the financial services sector
                         performance period, unless the Committee decides to
                         assess the performance conditions over a shorter         the Committee retains the power to lapse all unvested
                         period.                                                  long-term incentive awards should the Committee
                                                                                  deem that the Executive Director has secured similar
                         Good leavers are defined as injury or disability,        paid executive employment elsewhere.
                         retirement with the approval of the employing
                         company, the employing company ceasing to be a           On death, disablement and in other exceptional




                                                                                                                                           Directors’ remuneration report
                         member of the Group, the business in which the           circumstances, the Committee has discretion to
                         individual is employed being transferred to a            release unvested long-term incentive awards earlier
                         transferee that is not a member of the Group, or any     than the end of the vesting period. The malus and
                         other circumstances at the discretion of the             clawback provisions will continue to apply.
                         Committee. Individuals who die in service will also be   Should an Executive Director step down from the
                         treated as good leavers.                                 Board but remain employed by the Group, an
                         Where an individual is not determined to be a good       Executive Director would retain any outstanding
                         leaver, unvested long-term incentive awards will lapse   long-term incentive awards which they held on their
                         on cessation of employment.                              change of role. These awards would remain subject to
                                                                                  the original rules, performance conditions and vesting
                         Prior to release, awards remain subject to the malus     schedule.
                         and clawback terms and holding periods originally




                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
                         applied to them.

Vested long-term         The treatment of vested long-term incentives will be     On death, disablement and in other exceptional
incentive awards,        decided by the Committee taking into account the         circumstances, the Committee has discretion to
subject to the holding   circumstances of the departure.                          release vested long-term incentive awards earlier than
period                                                                            the end of the holding period. The malus and clawback
                         Executive Directors will normally retain their vested    provisions will continue to apply.
                         long-term incentive awards that remain subject to the
                         holding period. Normally these awards will be released   Should an Executive Director step down from the
                         in accordance with the original timescale and will       Board but remain employed by the Group, they would




                                                                                                                                           European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                         remain subject to the holding period.                    retain any vested long-term incentive awards that
                                                                                  remain subject to the holding period. These awards
                         Prior to release, awards remain subject to the malus     would remain subject to the original rules and release
                         and clawback terms originally applied to them.           schedule applied to them when they were awarded (ie
                                                                                  the holding period will continue to apply).




                                                                                                                                           Additional information




                                                                                                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   271
New Directors’ remuneration policy / continued




Policy on payment on loss of office continued

Element                       Principles                                                 Potential variations

Bonus for final year of       The payment of a bonus for the final year of service       Any Executive Director dismissed for cause would not
service                       will be decided by the Committee giving full               be eligible for any bonus that has not been paid.
                              consideration to the circumstances of the departure
                              including the performance of the Executive Director.       Should an Executive Director die whilst serving as an
                                                                                         employee a time pro-rated bonus may be awarded. In
                              The Committee may award a departing Executive              such circumstances, deferral will not be applied and
                              Director a bonus which will usually be pro-rated to        the payment will be made solely in cash.
                              reflect the portion of the final financial year in which
                              they served which had elapsed on the last day that         The Committee may decide to award an Executive
                              they worked. Any such bonus would normally be              Director stepping down from the Board but remaining
                              calculated with reference to financial, functional and/    with the Group a bonus pro-rated to reflect the portion
                              or personal performance measures in the usual way.         of the financial year which had elapsed on the date of
                              The normal portion of any such bonus awarded would         their change of role. This would be calculated with
                              usually be deferred.                                       reference to financial, functional and/or personal
                                                                                         performance measures in the usual way. The
                                                                                         Committee may determine that a portion of such a
                                                                                         bonus must be deferred.

Other payments                Consistent with other employees, Executive Directors
                              may receive payments to compensate them for the
                              loss of employment rights on termination. Payments
                              may include:
                              > A nominal amount for agreeing to non-solicitation
                                and confidentiality clauses;
                              > Directors and Officers insurance cover for a specified
                                period following the Executive Director’s
                                termination date;
                              > Payment for outplacement services;
                              > Statutory redundancy payments (where applicable);
                              > Reimbursement of legal fees;
                              > Support with preparation of tax returns; and
                              > Repatriation assistance.
                              The Committee reserves the right to make additional
                              exit payments where such payments are made in good
                              faith:
                              > In discharge of an existing legal obligation (or by
                                way of damages for breach of such an obligation);
                                or
                              > By way of settlement or compromise of any claim
                                arising in connection with the termination of a
                                Director’s office or employment.

Post Directorship             > When an Executive Director leaves the Board they
guidelines                      will be subject to post-Director Share ownership
                                guidelines.
                              > Further details are included in the section on ‘Share
                                ownership guidelines for Executive Directors’.




272              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                   prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                        Group overview




Policy on corporate transactions




                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
                              Treatment

Deferred Annual               In the event of a corporate transaction (eg takeover, material merger, or demerger, winding up etc), the Committee
Incentive Plan Awards         will determine whether awards will:
                              > Vest; and/or
                              > Continue in accordance with the rules of the plan; and/or
                              > Lapse and, in exchange, the participant will be granted an award under any other share or cash incentive plan
                                which the Committee considers to be broadly equivalent to the award.

Prudential Long Term          In the case of a corporate transaction (eg takeover, material merger, or demerger, winding up etc), the Committee

                                                                                                                                                        Governance
Incentive Plan                will determine whether awards will:
                              > Be exchanged for replacement awards (either in cash or shares) of equal value unless the Committee and
                                successor company agree that the original award will continue; or
                              > Vest (to the extent determined by the Committee).
                              Where awards vest, the Committee will have regard to (i) the performance of the Company, (ii) unless the
                              Committee determines otherwise, the proportion of the performance period that has elapsed and (iii) any other
                              matter that the Committee considers relevant or appropriate.




                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ remuneration report
                              Vested awards will normally be released from any relevant holding period.


Service contracts
Executive Directors’ service contracts provide details of the broad types of remuneration to which they are entitled, and about the kinds of plans in
which they may be invited to participate. The service contracts offer no certainty as to the value of performance-related reward and confirm that
any variable payment will be at the discretion of the Company.
Copies of the service contract between the Prudential Group and the Executive Directors are available for inspection at Prudential’s registered
office during normal hours of business and will also be available at any General Meeting of the Company. Details of the duration of the Executive
Directors’ service contracts are set out in the ‘Directors’ terms of employment and external appointments’ section of the Annual report on
remuneration.




                                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
Statement of consideration of conditions elsewhere in the Company
Across the Group, remuneration is reviewed regularly with the intention that all employees are paid appropriately in the context of their local
market and given their individual skills, experience and performance. Each businesses salary increase budget is set with reference to local market
conditions. The Committee considers salary increase budgets across the workforce when determining the salaries of Executive Directors.
Prudential does not specifically consult with employees when setting the Directors’ remuneration Policy: Prudential is a global organisation with
employees and agents in multiple businesses and geographies. The Board has mechanisms for engagement by Non-executive Directors to gather
employees’ views on a range of topics and for these views to be represented to the Board. As many employees are also shareholders, they are able
to participate in binding votes on the Directors’ remuneration Policy and annual advisory votes on the Annual report on remuneration.
Statement of consideration of shareholder views




                                                                                                                                                        European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
The Committee and the Company undertake regular consultation with key institutional investors on the Directors’ remuneration Policy and its
implementation. This engagement is led by the Committee Chair and is an integral part of the Company’s investor relations programme. The
Committee is grateful to shareholders for the feedback that is provided and takes this into account when determining executive remuneration.




                                                                                                                                                        Additional information




                                                                                                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   273
New Directors’ remuneration policy / continued




Remuneration Policy for Non-executive Directors and the Chair

                    Fees                                                Benefits                               Share Ownership Guidelines

Non-executive       All Non-executive Directors receive a basic fee     Non-executive Directors do not         Under the Articles of
Directors           for their duties as a Board member. Additional      currently receive benefits or a        Association, Non-executive
                    fees are paid for added responsibilities such as    pension allowance or participate       Directors are required to hold at
                    Chairship and membership of committees,             in the Group’s employee pension        least 2,500 shares and have
                    acting as the Senior Independent Director or        schemes.                               one year, from their date of
                    carrying out any other role determined by the                                              appointment to the Board, to
                    Board from time to time. Fees are paid to           Travel and business expenses for       acquire these.
                    Non-executive Directors, subject to the             Non-executive Directors are
                    appropriate deductions. Fees may be                 incurred in the normal course of       It is further expected that
                    denominated and paid in any currency as the         business, for example, in relation     Non-executive Directors will
                    Committee determines.                               to attendance at Board and             hold shares with a value
                                                                        Committee meetings. The costs          equivalent to one times the
                    The basic and additional fees are usually           associated with these are all met      annual basic fee (excluding
                    reviewed annually by the Board with any             by the Company, including any          additional fees for Chairship
                    changes normally effective from 1 July. In          tax liabilities arising on these       and membership of any
                    determining the level of fees, the Board            business expenses.                     committees).
                    considers:
                                                                        If as a consequence of the             Non-executive Directors will
                    > The time commitment and other                     Company’s corporate structure,         normally be expected to attain
                      requirements of the role;                         Non-executive Directors are            this level of share ownership
                    > Group financial performance;                      required to prepare personal tax       within three years of their date
                    > Salary increases for all employees; and           returns in Hong Kong and/or the        of appointment.
                    > Market data.                                      UK, in addition to preparing their
                                                                        personal tax returns for the
                    If, in a particular year, the number of meetings    jurisdiction which is their place of
                    and/or time commitment is materially greater        residence, the Company will
                    than usual, the Company may determine that          reimburse the costs of personal
                    the provision of additional fees in respect of      tax return preparation for
                    that year is fair and reasonable.                   whichever locations are not their
                                                                        place of residence (including
                    Should a new committee or working group be
                                                                        payment of any tax cost
                    formed, or the remit of an existing committee
                                                                        associated with the provision of
                    be materially expanded, or a new Non-
                                                                        the benefit).
                    executive Director role established, the new or
                    additional fees paid for acting as the chair or a
                    member of the committee will be
                    commensurate with the new or additional
                    responsibilities and time commitment involved.
                    Non-executive Directors are not eligible to
                    participate in annual bonus plans or long-term
                    incentive plans.




274             Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                     prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                       Group overview




                      Fees                                                 Benefits                                Share Ownership Guidelines

Chair                 The Chair receives an annual fee for the             The Chair may be offered benefits       Under the Articles of


                                                                                                                                                       Strategic report
                      performance of their role. This fee is agreed by     including:                              Association, the Chair is
                      the Committee and is paid to the Chair in cash,                                              required to hold at least 2,500
                      subject to the appropriate deductions. On            > Health and wellness benefits;         shares and has one year, from
                      appointment, the fee may be fixed for a              > Protection and security               their date of appointment to
                      specified period of time. Following the fixed          benefits;                             the Board, to acquire these.
                      period (if applicable) this fee will normally be     > Transport benefits;
                      reviewed annually. Changes in the fee are            > Reimbursement of business             The Chair has a share
                      usually effective from 1 July. The fee may be          expenses (and any associated          ownership guideline. This is
                      denominated and paid in any currency the               tax liabilities) incurred when        currently one times the annual


                                                                                                                                                       Governance
                      Committee determines.                                  travelling overseas in                fee and it is normally expected
                                                                             performance of duties; and            that this level of share
                      In determining the level of the fee for the Chair                                            ownership would be attained
                      the Committee considers:                             > Relocation and location-specific      within five years of the date of
                                                                             benefits (where appropriate).
                                                                                                                   appointment.
                      > The time commitment and other
                        requirements of the role;                          If as a consequence of the
                                                                           Company’s corporate structure,
                      > The performance and experience of the              the Chair is required to prepare
                        Chair;                                             personal tax returns in Hong Kong
                      > Internal relativities;




                                                                                                                                                       Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                           and/or the UK, in addition to
                      > Company financial performance; and                 preparing their personal tax return
                      > Market data.                                       for the jurisdiction which is their
                                                                           place of residence, the Company
                      The Chair is not eligible to participate in annual   will reimburse the costs of
                      bonus plans or long-term incentive plans.            personal tax return preparation
                                                                           for whichever locations are not
                                                                           their place of residence (including
                                                                           payment of any tax cost
                                                                           associated with the provision of
                                                                           the benefit).
                                                                           The maximum paid will be the




                                                                                                                                                       Financial statements
                                                                           cost to the Company of providing
                                                                           these benefits.
                                                                           The Chair is not eligible to receive
                                                                           a pension allowance or to
                                                                           participate in the Group’s
                                                                           employee pension schemes.


Recruitment of a new Chair or Non-executive Director




                                                                                                                                                       European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
The fees for a new Non-executive Director will be consistent with the current basic fee paid to other Non-executive Directors (as set out in the
Annual report on remuneration for that year) and will be reflective of their additional responsibilities as chair and/or members of Board
committees and any additional roles.
The fee for a new Chair will be set with reference to the time commitment and other requirements of the role, the experience of the candidate, as
well as internal relativities among the other Executive and Non-executive Directors. To provide context for this decision, data would be sought for
suitable market reference point(s).
Notice periods – Non-executive Directors and Chair
Non-executive Directors are appointed pursuant to letters of appointment with notice periods of six months without liability for compensation. A
contractual notice period of 12 months by either party applies for the current Non-executive Chair. The notice period for a new Chair may be set at
six months. The Chair and Non-executive Directors would not be entitled to any payments for loss of office. Details of the individual appointments
of the Chair and Non-executive Directors are set out in the ‘Letters of appointment of the Chair and Non-executive Directors’ section of the
Annual report on remuneration.
For information on the terms of appointment for the Chair and Non-executive Directors please see the Governance report.




                                                                                                                                                       Additional information




                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022        275
Additional remuneration disclosures




Directors’ outstanding long-term incentive awards and other share awards
The table below sets out Executive Directors’ PLTIP awards. The Company operates a number of share schemes and plans which are described in
more detail in note I(vii) of the ‘Additional Financial Information’ section.
Share-based long-term incentive awards

                                          Conditional
                                                share
                                               awards                                                                             Conditional              Conditional
                                          outstanding                                                                                  share       Rights share awards
                                              at 1 Jan                        Market      Dividend                                    awards    lapsed in outstanding      Date of
                                          2022 and at Conditional             price at equivalents          Rights        Rights outstanding        2022          at 31     end of
                                  Year of    31 March   awards in             date of    on vested       exercised      lapsed in  on date of  following     December performance
                   Plan name       award        20222       2022               award        shares1        in 2022          2022 retirement2 retirement           2022      period
                                                                                        (Number of
                                             (Number of     (Number of                       shares                                  (Number of             (Number of
                                                shares)        shares)        (pence)     released)                                     shares)                shares)

Mark FitzPatrick
                PLTIP              2019       147,235                        1605.5           1,680        26,134      121,101                                           31 Dec 21
                PLTIP              2020       180,972                        1049.5                                                                          180,972     31 Dec 22
                PLTIP              2021       130,467                        1495.5                                                                          130,467     31 Dec 23
                PLTIP              2022                       182,131        1133.5                                                                          182,131     31 Dec 24
                PLTIP              2022                       270,126        1030.0                                                                          270,126     31 Dec 24
                                              458,674        452,257                          1,680       26,134       121,101                              763,696
James Turner
                   PLTIP           2019       123,600                        1605.5           1,410        21,939      101,661                                           31 Dec 21
                   PLTIP           2020       183,500                        1049.5                                                                          183,500     31 Dec 22
                   PLTIP           2021       114,934                        1495.5                                                                          114,934     31 Dec 23
                   PLTIP           2022                       182,217        1133.5                                                                          182,217     31 Dec 24
                                              422,034        182,217                          1,410       21,939       101,661                              480,651
Mike Wells2
                   PLTIP           2019       356,155                        1605.5           4,066        63,218      292,937                                           31 Dec 21
                   PLTIP           2020       437,762                        1049.5                                                   437,762     133,955    303,807     31 Dec 22
                   PLTIP           2021       315,596                        1495.5                                                   315,596     201,666    113,930     31 Dec 23
                                            1,109,513                                         4,066       63,218       292,937       753,358      335,621   417,737

Notes
1.    A dividend equivalent was accumulated on these awards.
2.    Mike Wells stepped down from his role as Group Chief Executive on 1 April 2022 and retired from the Company on 14 July 2022.




276                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                            prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Group overview




Other share awards
The table below sets out Executive Directors’ deferred bonus share awards.



                                                                                                                                                                                                         Strategic report
                                Conditional                                                      Conditional                         Conditional                                              Market
                                      share                                                            share   Dividends            share awards                                              price at
                                     awards                                                          awards accumulated              outstanding         Date of                   Market     date of
                                outstanding        Conditionally   Dividends             Shares outstanding in 2022 post                    at 31         end of                   price at   vesting
                        Year of     at 1 Jan         awarded in accumulated            released   on date of   31 March                December        restricted     Date of      date of          or
                         grant         2022               20223     in 20221            in 2022 retirement2        20221                    2022          period      release       award     release
                                 (Number of          (Number of   (Number of         (Number of (Number of    (Number of              (Number of
                                     shares)             shares)      shares)            shares)      shares)     shares)                 shares)                                  (pence)    (pence)

Mark FitzPatrick
Deferred 2018


                                                                                                                                                                                                         Governance
  annual
  incentive award         2019         40,926                                           40,926                                                       31 Dec 21                     1605.5 1129.5
Deferred 2019
  annual
  incentive award         2020         51,973                                 830                                                         52,803 31 Dec 22                           1047
Deferred 2020
  annual
  incentive award         2021         25,459                                 406                                                         25,865 31 Dec 23                         1495.5
Deferred 2021
  annual




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Directors’ remuneration report
  incentive award         2022                           47,926               765                                                         48,691 31 Dec 24                         1133.5
                                     118,358            47,926             2,001        40,926                                          127,359
James Turner
Deferred 2018
  annual
  incentive award         2019         26,166                                           26,166                                                       31 Dec 21                     1605.5 1129.5
Deferred 2019
  annual
  incentive award         2020         44,883                                 717                                                         45,600 31 Dec 22                          1047
Deferred 2020
  annual
  incentive award         2021         25,789                                 411                                                         26,200 31 Dec 23                         1495.5




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Financial statements
Deferred 2021
  annual
  incentive award         2022                           43,622               696                                                         44,318 31 Dec 24                         1133.5
                                       96,838            43,622            1,824        26,166                                          116,118
Mike Wells2
Deferred 2018
  annual
  incentive award         2019         70,354                                           70,354          70,354                                       31 Dec 21                     1605.5




                                                                                                                                                                                                         European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Deferred 2019
  annual
  incentive award         2020         89,269                                                           89,269            1,426           90,695 31 Dec 22                          1047
Deferred 2020
  annual
  incentive award         2021         29,089                                                           29,089              464           29,553 31 Dec 23                         1495.5
Deferred 2021
  annual
  incentive award         2022                           78,771                                                           1,259           80,030 31 Dec 24                         1133.5
                                     188,712            78,771                          70,354        188,712             3,149         200,278

Note
1.   A dividend equivalent was accumulated on these awards.
2.   Mike Wells stepped down from his role as Group Chief Executive on 1 April 2022 and subsequently retired from the business on 14 July 2022.
3.   For Mike Wells, the 2022 award was granted after he stepped down from his role as Group Chief Executive on 1 April 2022 in respect of the deferred portion of his 2021 AIP.




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Additional information




                                                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022               277
Additional remuneration disclosures / continued




All-employee share plans
It is important that all employees are offered the opportunity to own shares in Prudential, connecting them both to the success of the Company
and to the interests of other shareholders. Executive Directors are invited to participate in these plans on the same basis as other staff in their
location.
Save As You Earn (SAYE) schemes
UK-based Executive Directors are normally eligible to participate in the HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) approved Prudential Savings-Related
Share Option Scheme. This scheme allows all eligible employees to save towards the exercise of options over Prudential plc shares with the option
price set at the beginning of the savings period at a discount of up to 20 per cent of the market price.
Since 2014, participants have been able to elect to enter into savings contracts of up to £500 per month for a period of three or five years. At the
end of this term, participants may exercise their options within six months and purchase shares. If an option is not exercised within six months,
participants are entitled to a refund of their cash savings plus interest if applicable under the rules. Shares are issued to satisfy those options which
are exercised. No options may be granted under the schemes if the grant would cause the number of shares which have been issued, or which
remain issuable pursuant to options granted in the preceding 10 years under the scheme and any other option schemes operated by the
Company, or which have been issued under any other share incentive scheme of the Company, to exceed 10 per cent of the Company’s ordinary
share capital at the proposed date of grant.
Details of Executive Directors’ rights under the SAYE scheme are set out in the ‘Outstanding share options’ table.
Share Incentive Plan (SIP)
UK-based Executive Directors are also eligible to participate in the Company’s Share Incentive Plan (SIP). Since April 2014, all UK-based employees
have been able to purchase Prudential plc shares up to a value of £150 per month from their gross salary (partnership shares) through the SIP. For
every four partnership shares bought, an additional matching share is awarded which is purchased by Prudential plc on the open market. Dividend
shares accumulate while the employee participates in the plan. If the employee withdraws from the plan, or leaves the Group, matching shares
may be forfeited.
The table below provides information about shares purchased under the SIP together with matching shares and dividend shares.

                                                                                                                                                                Share Incentive
                                                                                               Share Incentive     Partnership       Matching                      Plan awards
                                                                                                  Plan awards           shares          shares Dividend shares     held in Trust
                                                                               Year of initial    held in Trust   accumulated     accumulated     accumulated at 31 December
                                                                               participation     at 1 Jan 2022         in 2022         in 2022         in 2022             2022
                                                                                                    (Number of      (Number of      (Number of      (Number of      (Number of
                                                                                                        shares)         shares)         shares)         shares)          shares)

Mark FitzPatrick                                                                       2017               731             176              44               11              962
James Turner                                                                           2011               856               –               –               12              868



                                                                                              Partnership                      Matching Dividend shares
                                                                                Partnership          shares     Matching           shares  accumulated Share Incentive
                                                        Share Incentive               shares accumulated            shares accumulated between 1 April    Plan awards
                                                           Plan awards        accumulated between 1 April accumulated up between 1 April    2022 and or   held in Trust
                                        Year of initial    held in Trust     up to 31 March 2022 and date     to 31 March 2022 and date          date of    at date of
                                        participation     at 1 Jan 2022                2022  of retirement           2022  of retirement     retirement    retirement
                                                             (Number of          (Number of     (Number of     (Number of     (Number of     (Number of    (Number of
                                                                 shares)             shares)         shares)       shares)         shares)        shares)       shares)

Mike Wells1                                     2015               1,088                  39               59               10             14               10            1,220

Note
1.   Outstanding awards for Mike Wells are as stated at 31 March 2022 and as at date of retirement.


This information has been prepared in line with the reporting requirements of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and sets out Executive Directors’
outstanding share awards and all employee share plan options.
Dilution
Dilution Releases from the Prudential Long Term Incentive Plan and the Prudential Agency Long Term Incentive Plan are satisfied using new issue
shares rather than by purchasing shares in the open market. Shares relating to options granted under all-employee share plans are also satisfied
by new issue shares. The combined dilution from all outstanding shares and options at 31 December 2022 was 0.32 per cent of the total share
capital at the time. Deferred bonus awards will continue to be satisfied by the purchase of shares in the open market.




278                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                         prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                    Group overview




Remuneration of the five highest-paid individuals and the remuneration of senior management
In line with the requirements of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the following table sets out, on an aggregate basis, the annual



                                                                                                                                                                                    Strategic report
remuneration of i) the five highest-paid employees, and ii) senior management for the year ended 31 December 2022.
Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments in 2022, two were Executive Directors for the full year whose emoluments are disclosed in this
report. The aggregate of the emoluments of the other three individuals for 2022 are set out in the table below. Senior management comprised
the Executive Directors and members of the Group Executive Committee. The table sets out the aggregate of the emoluments paid to the senior
management team:

                                                                                                                              Five highest paid                Senior management
Components of remuneration                                                                                           HKD000              $000           HKD000              $000




                                                                                                                                                                                    Governance
Base salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                                       36,029            4,601            75,808             9,681
Pension contributions                                                                                                 3,199              408             6,584               841
Performance-related pay                                                                                              96,836           12,367           142,180            18,157
Payments made on appointment                                                                                              –                –                 –                 –
Payments made on separation1                                                                                          7,800              996             7,800               996
Total                                                                                                              143,864            18,372           232,372            29,675


Their emoluments for 2022 were within the following bands:




                                                                                                                                                                                    Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                                                                                                              Number of employees

                                                                                                                                                    Five highest          Senior
Remuneration band HKD                                                     Remuneration band USD equivalent                                                  paid     management

7,000,001 – 7,500,000                                                      893,900 – 957,800                                                                  0                1
8,500,001 – 9,000,000                                                      1,085,500 – 1,149,400                                                              0                1
15,000,001 – 15,500,001                                                    1,915,600 – 1,979,400                                                              0                1
15,500,001 – 16,000,000                                                    1,979,400 – 2,043,300                                                              0                1
18,500,001 – 19,000,000                                                    2,362,600 – 2,426,400                                                              0                1
20,500,001 – 21,000,000                                                    2,618,000 – 2,681,800                                                              0                1




                                                                                                                                                                                    Financial statements
22,000,001 – 22,500,000                                                    2,809,500 – 2,873,400                                                              0                1
36,000,001 – 36,500,000                                                    4,597,400 – 4,661,300                                                              1                0
38,000,001 – 38,500,000                                                    4,852,800 – 4,916,700                                                              0                1
42,000,001 – 42,500,000                                                    5,363,600 – 5,427,500                                                              0                1
42,500,001 – 43,000,000                                                    5,427,500 – 5,491,300                                                              0                1
52,000,001 – 52,500,000                                                    6,640,700 – 6,704,600                                                              1                0
55,000,001 – 55,500,000                                                    7,023,800 – 7,087,700                                                              1                0




                                                                                                                                                                                    European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Note
1    Further detail on the payments made to Senior Managers can be found in note B2.3 to the IFRS financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                                                    Additional information




                                                                                                                               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022     279
      Financial
      statements
      282 Index to Group IFRS financial statements
      352 Parent company financial statements
      354	Notes on the parent company financial
           statements
      358	Statement of Directors’ responsibilities
      359 Independent auditor’s report to
           Prudential plc




280           Prudential plc Annual Report 2022       prudentialplc.com
Group overview   Strategic report   Governance   Directors’ remuneration report   Financial statements   European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results   Additional information
                                                                                                                                                                                281
                                                                                                                                                                                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022
Index to Group IFRS financial statements




                                                                       Page

Consolidated income statement                                          283
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income                         284
Consolidated statement of changes in equity                            285
Consolidated statement of financial position                           286
Consolidated statement of cash flows                                   287




Section                                                                Page   Section                                                                 Page

Notes to the financial statements                                             C4              Intangible assets                                        328
A              Basis of preparation and accounting policies            288              C4.1 Goodwill                                                  328
A1             Basis of preparation and exchange rates                 288              C4.2 Deferred acquisition costs and other intangible           329
A2             New accounting pronouncements in 2022                   289                       assets
A3             Accounting policies                                     289    C5              Borrowings                                               330
          A3.1 Critical accounting policies, estimates                 289              C5.1 Core structural borrowings of shareholder-                330
                  and judgements                                                                 financed businesses
          A3.2 New accounting pronouncements not yet                   293              C5.2 Operational borrowings                                    331
                  effective                                                   C6              Risk and sensitivity analysis                            331
                                                                                        C6.1 Insurance operations                                      332
B                Earnings performance                                  297
                                                                                        C6.2 Eastspring and central operations                         333
B1               Analysis of performance by segment                    297
                                                                              C7              Tax assets and liabilities                               334
          B1.1   Segment results                                       297
                                                                                        C7.1 Current tax                                               334
          B1.2   Determining operating segments and                    298
                                                                                        C7.2 Deferred tax                                              334
                   performance measure of operating segments
                                                                              C8              Share capital, share premium and own shares              335
          B1.3   Revenue                                               300
                                                                              C9              Provisions                                               336
          B1.4   Additional segmental analysis of profit after tax     302
                                                                              C10             Capital                                                  336
B2               Acquisition costs and other expenditure               302
                                                                                        C10.1 Group objectives, policies and processes for             336
          B2.1   Staff and employment costs                            303
                                                                                                 managing capital
          B2.2   Share-based payment                                   303
                                                                                        C10.2 Local capital regulations                                337
          B2.3   Key management remuneration                           305
                                                                                        C10.3 Transferability of capital resources                     338
          B2.4   Fees payable to the auditor                           305
                                                                              C11             Property, plant and equipment                            338
B3               Tax charge                                            306
          B3.1   Total tax charge by nature                            306    D                Other information                                       340
          B3.2   Reconciliation of shareholder effective tax rate      307    D1               Corporate transactions                                  340
B4               Earnings per share                                    309              D1.1   Gain (loss) attaching to corporate transactions         340
B5               Dividends                                             310              D1.2   Discontinued US operations                              340
                                                                              D2               Contingencies and related obligations                   341
C                Financial position                                     311
                                                                              D3               Post balance sheet events                               341
C1               Group assets and liabilities by business type          311
                                                                              D4               Related party transactions                              342
C2               Fair value measurement                                 315
                                                                              D5               Commitments                                             342
          C2.1   Determination of fair value                            315
                                                                              D6               Investments in subsidiary undertakings, joint           342
          C2.2   Fair value measurement hierarchy of Group              316
                                                                                                 ventures and associates
                    assets and liabilities
                                                                                        D6.1   Basis of consolidation                                  342
          C2.3   Additional information on financial instruments       319
                                                                                        D6.2   Dividend restrictions and minimum capital               344
C3               Policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus      323
                                                                                                 requirements
          C3.1   Policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus by   323
                                                                                        D6.3   Investments in joint ventures and associates            344
                    business type
                                                                                        D6.4   Related undertakings                                    346
          C3.2   Reconciliation of gross and reinsurers’ share of      324
                    policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus
          C3.3   Reinsurers’ share of insurance contract liabilities   325
          C3.4   Products and determining contract liabilities         326




282                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                     prudentialplc.com
Consolidated income statement

                                                                                                                                                                                                             Group overview




                                                                                                                                                            Note           2022 $m              2021 $m

Continuing operations:


                                                                                                                                                                                                             Strategic report
Gross premiums earned                                                                                                                                       B1.3            23,344               24,217
Outward reinsurance premiums                                                                                                                                B1.3            (1,943)              (1,844)
Earned premiums, net of reinsurance                                                                                                                                         21,401               22,373
Investment return                                                                                                                                           B1.3           (30,159)               3,486
Other income                                                                                                                                                B1.3               539                  641
Total revenue, net of reinsurance                                                                                                                                            (8,219)             26,500
Benefits and claims                                                                                                                                         C3.2            17,997              (17,738)
Reinsurers’ share of benefits and claims                                                                                                                    C3.2            (6,168)                (971)

                                                                                                                                                                                                             Governance
Movement in unallocated surplus of with-profits funds                                                                                                       C3.2             1,868                 (202)
Benefits and claims and movement in unallocated surplus of with-profits funds, net of reinsurance                                                                           13,697              (18,911)
Acquisition costs and other expenditure                                                                                                                       B2            (3,880)              (4,560)
Finance costs: interest on core structural borrowings of shareholder-financed businesses                                                                                      (200)                (328)
Gain (loss) attaching to corporate transactions                                                                                                             D1.1                55                  (35)
Total charges net of reinsurance                                                                                                                                              9,672             (23,834)
Share of profit from joint ventures and associates, net of related tax                                                                                      D6.3                  29                 352




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Directors’ remuneration report
Profit before tax (being tax attributable to shareholders’ and policyholders’ returns)                    note (i)                                                            1,482                3,018
Tax charge attributable to policyholders’ returns                                                                                                                               (21)                (342)
Profit before tax attributable to shareholders’ returns                                                                                                                       1,461                2,676
Total tax charge attributable to shareholders’ and policyholders’ returns                                                                                   B3.1               (475)                (804)
Remove tax charge attributable to policyholders’ returns                                                                                                    B3.1                 21                  342
Tax charge attributable to shareholders’ returns                                                                                                                               (454)                (462)
Profit after tax from continuing operations                                                                                                                 B1.4              1,007                2,214
Loss after tax from discontinued US operations note (ii)                                                                                                    D1.2                  –               (5,027)
Profit (loss) for the year                                                                                                                                                    1,007               (2,813)


Attributable to:




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Financial statements
Equity holders of the Company:
  From continuing operations                                                                                                                                                    998                2,192
  From discontinued US operations                                                                                                                                                 –               (4,234)
                                                                                                                                                                                998               (2,042)

Non-controlling interests:
  From continuing operations                                                                                                                                                        9                 22
  From discontinued US operations                                                                                                                                                   –               (793)
                                                                                                                                                                                    9               (771)




                                                                                                                                                                                                             European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Profit (loss) for the year                                                                                                                                                    1,007               (2,813)


Earnings per share (in cents)                                                                                                                              Note                 2022                 2021

Based on profit attributable to equity holders of the Company:
  Basic                                                                                                                                                       B4
    Based on profit from continuing operations                                                                                                                                 36.5¢               83.4¢
    Based on loss from discontinued US operations note (ii)                                                                                                                       –¢             (161.1)¢
   Total basic earnings per share                                                                                                                                              36.5¢               (77.7)¢
   Diluted
      Based on profit from continuing operations                                                                                                                               36.5¢               83.4¢
      Based on loss from discontinued US operations note (ii)                                                                                                                     –¢             (161.1)¢
   Total diluted earnings per share                                                                                                                                            36.5¢               (77.7)¢

Notes




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Additional information
(i)   This measure is the formal profit before tax measure under IFRS. It is not the result attributable to shareholders principally because total corporate tax of the Group includes those taxes on the
      income of consolidated with-profits and unit-linked funds that, through adjustments to benefits, are borne by policyholders. These amounts are required to be included in the tax charge under
      IAS 12. Consequently, the IFRS profit before tax measure is not representative of pre-tax profit attributable to shareholders as it is determined after deducting the cost of policyholder benefits
      and movements in the liability for unallocated surplus of with-profits funds after adjusting for tax borne by policyholders.
(ii)  Discontinued operations for 2021 related to the US operations (Jackson) that were demerged from the Group in September 2021.




                                                                                                                                           Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                283
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income




                                                                                                      Note   2022 $m           2021 $m

Continuing operations:
Profit for the year                                                                                           1,007              2,214
Other comprehensive (loss) income:
   Exchange movements arising during the year                                                                  (541)              (180)
   Valuation movements on retained interest in Jackson classified as available-for-sale securities:
      Unrealised (loss) gain arising during the year                                                           (125)               273
      Deduct net gains included in the income statement on disposal                                             (62)               (23)
                                                                                                               (187)               250
Total items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss                                            (728)                70
Total comprehensive income from continuing operations                                                           279              2,284
Total comprehensive loss from discontinued US operations                                              D1.2        –             (7,068)
Total comprehensive income (loss) for the year                                                                  279             (4,784)

Attributable to:
Equity holders of the Company:
  From continuing operations                                                                                    280              2,277
  From discontinued US operations                                                                                 –             (6,283)
                                                                                                                280             (4,006)
Non-controlling interests:
  From continuing operations                                                                                      (1)                7
  From discontinued US operations                                                                                  –              (785)
                                                                                                                  (1)             (778)
Total comprehensive income (loss) for the year                                                                  279             (4,784)




284                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                   prudentialplc.com
Consolidated statement of changes in equity

                                                                                                                                                                                              Group overview




                                                                                                                        Year ended 31 Dec 2022 $m

                                                                                                                                          Available-




                                                                                                                                                                                              Strategic report
                                                                                                                                            for-sale                     Non-
                                                                                 Share         Share       Retained      Translation      securities Shareholders’ controlling        Total
                                                                    Note        capital     premium        earnings          reserve       reserves        equity    interests       equity

Reserves
Profit for the year                                                                   –              –          998                  –           –            998             9      1,007
Other comprehensive loss                                                              –              –            –               (531)       (187)          (718)          (10)      (728)
Total comprehensive income (loss) for the year                                        –              –          998               (531)       (187)          280              (1)     279
Transactions with owners of the Company
Dividends                                                              B5             –              –         (474)                 –            –          (474)            (8)     (482)


                                                                                                                                                                                              Governance
Reserve movements in respect of share-based
   payments                                                                           –              –            24                 –            –            24             –         24
Effect of transactions relating to non-controlling
   interests                                                                          –              –            49                 –            –            49             –         49
New share capital subscribed                                           C8             –             (4)            –                 –            –            (4)            –         (4)
Movement in own shares in respect of share-based
   payment plans                                                                      –              –            (3)                –            –            (3)            –         (3)
Net increase (decrease) in equity                                                    –            (4)          594             (531)          (187)         (128)            (9)      (137)
Balance at 1 Jan                                                                   182         5,010        10,216            1,430            250        17,088            176     17,264




                                                                                                                                                                                              Directors’ remuneration report
Balance at 31 Dec                                                                  182         5,006        10,810                 899          63        16,960            167     17,127



                                                                                                                        Year ended 31 Dec 2021 $m

                                                                                                                                          Available-
                                                                                                                                            for-sale                     Non-
                                                                                 Share         Share       Retained      Translation      securities Shareholders’ controlling        Total
                                                                    Note        capital     premium        earnings          reserve       reserves        equity    interests       equity

Reserves
Profit for the year                                                                   –              –        2,192                  –           –          2,192            22      2,214
Other comprehensive (loss) income                                                     –              –            –               (165)        250             85           (15)        70




                                                                                                                                                                                              Financial statements
Total comprehensive income (loss) from continuing
  operations                                                                          –              –        2,192               (165)        250          2,277             7      2,284
Total comprehensive (loss) income from
  discontinued US operations                                         D1.2             –              –       (4,234)               463      (2,512)        (6,283)         (785)    (7,068)
Total comprehensive (loss) income for the year                                        –              –       (2,042)               298      (2,262)        (4,006)         (778)    (4,784)
Transactions with owners of the Company
Demerger dividend in specie of Jackson                                 B5             –              –       (1,735)                 –            –        (1,735)             –    (1,735)
Other dividends                                                        B5             –              –         (421)                 –            –          (421)            (9)     (430)
Reserve movements in respect of share-based




                                                                                                                                                                                              European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
   payments                                                                           –              –            46                 –            –            46             –         46
Effect of transactions relating to non-controlling
   interests*                                                                         –            –             (32)                –            –           (32)         (278)      (310)
New share capital subscribed                                           C8             9        2,373               –                 –            –         2,382             –      2,382
Movement in own shares in respect of share-based
   payment plans                                                                      –              –           (24)                –            –           (24)            –        (24)
Net increase (decrease) in equity                                                    9         2,373        (4,208)                 298     (2,262)       (3,790)         (1,065)   (4,855)
Balance at 1 Jan                                                                   173         2,637        14,424                1,132      2,512        20,878           1,241    22,119
Balance at 31 Dec                                                                  182         5,010        10,216                1,430        250        17,088            176     17,264

*    The $(278) million in 2021 related to the derecognition of Athene’s non-controlling interest upon the demerger of Jackson.




                                                                                                                                                                                              Additional information




                                                                                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022           285
Consolidated statement of financial position




                                                                                                                                                         Note 31 Dec 2022 $m 31 Dec 2021 $m

Assets
Goodwill                                                                                                                                                 C4.1               890                  907
Deferred acquisition costs and other intangible assets                                                                                                   C4.2             7,155                6,858
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                             C11               419                  478
Reinsurers’ share of insurance contract liabilities                                                                                                      C3.3             2,807                9,753
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                      C7.2               310                  266
Current tax recoverable                                                                                                                                  C7.1                18                   20
Accrued investment income                                                                                                                              C1(vii)            1,135                1,171
Other debtors                                                                                                                                          C1(vii)            1,694                1,779
Investment properties                                                                                                                                                        37                   38
Investments in joint ventures and associates accounted for using the equity method                                                                                        1,915                2,183
Loans                                                                                                                                                      C1             2,536                2,562
Equity securities and holdings in collective investment schemes note                                                                                       C1            57,679               61,601
Debt securities note                                                                                                                                       C1            76,989               99,094
Derivative assets                                                                                                                                        C2.2               569                  481
Deposits                                                                                                                                                                  6,275                4,741
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                               C1(vi)            5,514                7,170
Total assets                                                                                                                                               C1          165,942              199,102

Equity
Shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                                                     16,960               17,088
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                                                   167                  176
Total equity                                                                                                                                               C1            17,127               17,264

Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities                                                                                                                           C3.2          121,213              150,755
Investment contract liabilities with discretionary participation features                                                                                C3.2              309                  346
Investment contract liabilities without discretionary participation features                                                                             C3.2              741                  814
Unallocated surplus of with-profits funds                                                                                                                C3.2            3,495                5,384
Core structural borrowings of shareholder-financed businesses                                                                                            C5.1            4,261                6,127
Operational borrowings                                                                                                                                   C5.2              815                  861
Obligations under funding, securities lending and sale and repurchase agreements                                                                                           582                  223
Net asset value attributable to unit holders of consolidated investment funds                                                                                            4,193                5,664
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                 C7.2            2,872                2,862
Current tax liabilities                                                                                                                                  C7.1              208                  185
Accruals, deferred income and other creditors                                                                                                          C1(viii)          8,777                7,983
Provisions                                                                                                                                                 C9              348                  372
Derivative liabilities                                                                                                                                   C2.2            1,001                  262
Total liabilities                                                                                                                                          C1          148,815              181,838
Total equity and liabilities                                                                                                                               C1          165,942              199,102

Note
Included within equity securities and holdings in collective investment schemes and debt securities as at 31 December 2022 are $1,571 million of lent securities and assets subject to repurchase
agreements (31 December 2021: $854 million).


The parent company statement of financial position is presented on page 352.
The consolidated financial statements on pages 284 to 351 were approved by the Board of Directors on 15 March 2023 and signed on its behalf by:




Shriti Vadera                                                       Anil Wadhwani
Chair				                                                           Chief Executive Officer		




286                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                           prudentialplc.com
Consolidated statement of cash flows

                                                                                                                                                                                                             Group overview




                                                                                                                                                           Note           2022 $m              2021 $m

Continuing operations:



                                                                                                                                                                                                             Strategic report
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before tax (being tax attributable to shareholders’ and policyholders’ returns)                                                                                      1,482                3,018
Adjustments to profit before tax for non-cash movements in operating assets and liabilities:
   Investments                                                                                                                                                             22,374              (14,553)
   Other non-investment and non-cash assets                                                                                                                                 6,429                2,658
   Policyholder liabilities (including unallocated surplus of with-profits funds)                                                                          C3.2           (29,208)               9,095
   Other liabilities (including operational borrowings)                                                                                                                        15                   16
Investment income and interest payments included in profit before tax                                                                                                      (4,037)              (3,738)
Operating cash items:


                                                                                                                                                                                                             Governance
   Interest receipts                                                                                                                                                        2,689                2,328
   Interest payments                                                                                                                                                          (16)                 (11)
   Dividend receipts                                                                                                                                                        1,523                1,480
   Tax paid                                                                                                                                                                  (449)                (453)
Other non-cash items                                                                                                                                                          276                  438
Net cash flows from operating activities note (i)                                                                                                                           1,078                   278
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                 C11                 (34)                 (36)
Acquisition of business and intangibles note (ii)                                                                                                                             (298)                (773)




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Directors’ remuneration report
Disposal of Jackson shares note (ii)                                                                                                                                           293                   83
Net cash flows from investing activities                                                                                                                                        (39)              (726)
Cash flows from financing activities
Structural borrowings of shareholder-financed operations: note (iii)                                                                                       C5.1
   Issuance of debt, net of costs                                                                                                                                              346                 995
   Redemption of debt                                                                                                                                                       (2,075)             (1,250)
   Interest paid                                                                                                                                                              (204)               (314)
Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities                                                                                                                             (101)               (118)
Equity capital:
   Issues of ordinary share capital                                                                                                                          C8                   (4)             2,382
External dividends:




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Financial statements
   Dividends paid to equity holders of the Company                                                                                                           B5               (474)                (421)
   Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                                                                                                  (8)                  (9)
Net cash flows from financing activities                                                                                                                                    (2,520)              1,265
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations                                                                                             (1,481)                817
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents from discontinued US operations                                                                                  D1.2                  –              (1,621)
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 Jan                                                                                                                                          7,170                8,018
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                 (175)                 (44)
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 Dec                                                                                                                       C1(vi)            5,514                7,170




                                                                                                                                                                                                             European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Notes
(i)   Included in net cash flows from operating activities are dividends from joint ventures and associates of $112 million (2021: $175 million).
(ii)  Net cash flows from other investing activities include amounts paid for distribution rights and cash flows arising from the sale of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates and investments that
      do not form part of the Group’s operating activities.
(iii) Structural borrowings of shareholder-financed businesses exclude borrowings to support short-term fixed income securities programmes, non-recourse borrowings of investment subsidiaries of
      shareholder-financed businesses and other borrowings of shareholder-financed businesses. Cash flows in respect of these borrowings are included within cash flows from operating activities. The
      changes in the carrying value of the structural borrowings of shareholder-financed businesses for the Group are analysed below:

                                                                                     Cash movements $m                                  Non-cash movements $m

                                                               Balance at                                                         Foreign                                                    Balance at
                                                                    1 Jan             Issuance        Redemption                exchange            Demerger               Other                31 Dec
                                                                      $m                of debt           of debt              movement             of Jackson         movements                    $m

      2022                                                          6,127                  346              (2,075)                  (147)                    –                  10              4,261
      2021                                                          6,633                  995              (1,250)                    (13)               (250)                  12              6,127




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Additional information




                                                                                                                                          Prudential plc Annual Report 2022               287
A		 Basis of preparation and accounting policies




 A1 Basis of preparation and exchange rates
Prudential plc (‘the Company’) together with its subsidiaries (collectively, ‘the Group’ or ‘Prudential’) provides life and health insurance and asset
management products in Asia and Africa. The Group is headquartered in Hong Kong.

Basis of preparation
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Standards as issued by the IASB and in accordance with UK-
adopted international accounting standards. At 31 December 2022, there were no unadopted standards effective for the year ended
31 December 2022 which had an impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group, and there were no differences between UK-
adopted international accounting standards and IFRS Standards as issued by the IASB in terms of their application to the Group.
   The Group accounting policies are the same as those applied for the year ended 31 December 2021 with the exception of the adoption of the
new and amended IFRS Standards as described in note A2.
   The parent company statement of financial position prepared in accordance with the UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (including
Financial Reporting Standard 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’) is presented on page 352.

Going concern basis of accounting
The Directors have made an assessment of going concern covering a period of at least 12 months from the date these consolidated financial
statements and the parent company financial statements are approved. In making this assessment, the Directors have considered both the
Group’s current performance, solvency and liquidity and the Group’s business plan taking into account the Group’s principal risks and the
mitigations available to address them, as well as the results of the Group’s stress and scenario testing.
   Based on the above, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company and the Group have adequate resources to continue their
operations for a period of at least 12 months from the date these consolidated financial statements are approved. No material uncertainties that
may cast significant doubt on the ability of the Company and the Group to continue as a going concern have been identified. The Directors
therefore consider it appropriate to continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing these consolidated financial statements
and the parent company financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022.

Exchange rates
The exchange rates applied for balances and transactions in currencies other than the presentation currency of the Group, US dollars (USD) were:

                                                                           Closing rate at year end                 Average rate for the year-to-date

USD : local currency                                                      31 Dec 2022             31 Dec 2021          31 Dec 2022              31 Dec 2021

Chinese yuan (CNY)                                                              6.95                       6.37             6.73                      6.45
Hong Kong dollar (HKD)                                                          7.81                       7.80             7.83                      7.77
Indian rupee (INR)                                                             82.73                      74.34            78.63                     73.94
Indonesian rupiah (IDR)                                                    15,567.50                  14,252.50        14,852.24                 14,294.88
Malaysian ringgit (MYR)                                                         4.41                       4.17             4.40                      4.15
Singapore dollar (SGD)                                                          1.34                       1.35             1.38                      1.34
Taiwan dollar (TWD)                                                            30.74                      27.67            29.81                     27.93
Thai baht (THB)                                                                34.56                      33.19            35.06                     32.01
UK pound sterling (GBP)                                                         0.83                       0.74             0.81                      0.73
Vietnamese dong (VND)                                                      23,575.00                  22,790.00        23,409.87                 22,934.86




288                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                    prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                           Group overview




Foreign exchange translation
In order to present the consolidated financial statements in USD, the results and financial position of entities not using USD as functional currency



                                                                                                                                                           Strategic report
(ie the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates) must be translated into USD.
   All assets and liabilities of entities not operating in USD are converted at closing exchange rates while all income and expenses are converted at
average exchange rates where this is a reasonable approximation of the rates prevailing on transaction dates. The impact of these foreign
exchange translations into the Group’s USD presentation currency is recorded as a separate component in the Statement of comprehensive
income. Upon the disposal of the entity, the related cumulative foreign exchange translation differences are recycled from other comprehensive
income to the income statement as part of the gain or loss on disposal.
   The general principle for converting foreign currency transactions to the functional currency of an entity is to translate at the functional currency
spot rate prevailing at the date of the transactions. Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are translated at the spot exchange rate for the
functional currency at the reporting date. Changes resulting from the foreign exchange translations into the functional currency of the entity are

                                                                                                                                                           Governance
recognised in the income statement.
   Certain notes to the consolidated financial statements present comparative information at constant exchange rates (CER), in addition to the
reporting at actual exchange rates (AER) used throughout the consolidated financial statements. AER are actual historical exchange rates for the
specific accounting year, being the average rates over the year for the income statement and the closing rates at the balance sheet date for the
statement of financial position. CER results are calculated by translating prior year results using the current year foreign exchange rate, ie current
year average rates for the income statement and current year closing rates for the statement of financial position.


A2 New accounting pronouncements in 2022



                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ remuneration report
The IASB has issued the following new accounting pronouncements to be effective from 1 January 2022:
> Amendments to IAS 37 ‘Onerous contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract’ issued in May 2020;
> Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018–2020 issued in May 2020;
> Amendments to IAS 16 ‘Property, Plant and Equipment – Proceeds before Intended Use’ issued in May 2020; and
> Reference to the Conceptual Framework – Amendments to IFRS 3 ‘Business combination’ issued in May 2020.
The adoption of these pronouncements has had no significant impact on the Group consolidated financial statements.


A3 Accounting policies


                                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
A3.1 Critical accounting policies, estimates and judgements
Note A3.1 presents the critical accounting policies, estimates and judgements applied in preparing the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
Other accounting policies, where significant, are presented in the relevant individual notes. All accounting policies are applied consistently for the
years presented and normally are not subject to changes unless new accounting standards, interpretations or amendments are introduced by the
IASB.
   The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires Prudential to make accounting estimates and judgements about the
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, which are both recognised and unrecognised (eg contingent liabilities) in the consolidated
financial statements. Prudential evaluates its critical accounting estimates, including those related to long-term business provisioning and the fair




                                                                                                                                                           European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
value of assets as required. The notes below set out those critical accounting policies, the application of which requires the Group to make critical
estimates and judgements. Also set out are further critical accounting policies affecting the presentation of the Group’s results and other items
that require the application of critical estimates and judgements.




                                                                                                                                                           Additional information




                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   289
A Basis of preparation and accounting policies / continued




A3 Accounting policies continued
A3.1 Critical accounting policies, estimates and judgements continued
(a) Critical accounting policies with associated critical estimates and judgements

Measurement of policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus of with-profits
The measurement basis of policyholder                  IFRS 4 permits the continued usage of previously applied Generally Accepted Accounting
liabilities is dependent upon the classification       Practices (GAAP) for insurance contracts and investment contracts with discretionary
of the contracts under IFRS 4.                         participating features.
Impacts $146.7 billion of policyholder liabilities     A modified statutory basis of reporting was adopted by the Group on first time adoption of IFRS
and unallocated surplus of with-profits funds          Standards in 2005. This was set out in the Statement of Recommended Practice issued by the
including those held by joint venture and              Association of British Insurers (ABI SORP). The ABI SORP was withdrawn for the accounting
associates.                                            periods beginning in or after 2015. As used in these consolidated financial statements, the term
                                                       ‘grandfathered’ ABI SORP refers to the requirements of the pronouncements prior to its
Policyholder liabilities are estimated based on        withdrawal.
a number of actuarial assumptions (eg
mortality, morbidity, policyholder behaviour           For investment contracts that do not contain discretionary participating features, IAS 39 is
and expenses).                                         applied and, where the contract includes an investment management element, IFRS 15
                                                       ‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’ applies.
The Group applies judgement in determining
the actuarial assumptions to be applied to             The current policies applied for the Group’s insurance businesses are noted below.
estimate the future amounts due to or from
the policyholder in the measurement of the
policyholder liabilities.
                                                       Measurement of insurance contract liabilities and investment contract
                                                       liabilities with discretionary participation features
                                                       The policyholder liabilities for businesses of the insurance operations are generally determined
                                                       in accordance with methods prescribed by local GAAP, adjusted to comply with the
                                                       ‘grandfathered’ ABI SORP where necessary. Refinements to the local reserving methodology are
                                                       generally treated as changes in estimates, dependent on their nature. The UK-style with-profits
                                                       funds’ liabilities in Hong Kong are valued under the realistic basis in accordance with the
                                                       requirements of ‘grandfathered’ FRS 27 ‘Life Assurance’ (issued by the UK Accounting Standards
                                                       Board in 2004 and withdrawn in 2015). The realistic basis requires the value of liabilities to be
                                                       calculated as the sum of a with-profits benefits reserve, future policy-related liabilities and the
                                                       realistic current liabilities of the fund. In Taiwan and India, US GAAP principles are applied.
                                                       Further details on how liabilities are determined for material product types are set out in note
                                                       C3.4. This includes the approach to assumption setting including a margin for prudence. The
                                                       sensitivity of the insurance operations to variations in key economic assumptions, as well as the
                                                       insurance risks of mortality and morbidity, is discussed in note C6.1.
                                                       In April 2022 Prudential Hong Kong Limited received approval from the Hong Kong IA to early
                                                       adopt the new risk-based capital regime effective from 1 January 2022. The implication for IFRS
                                                       reporting of the Group is as explained further in note C3.2.

                                                       Measurement of unallocated surplus of with-profits funds
                                                       Unallocated surplus of with-profits funds represents the excess of assets over policyholder
                                                       liabilities, determined in accordance with the Group’s accounting policies, that have yet to be
                                                       appropriated between policyholders and shareholders for the Group’s with-profits funds in Hong
                                                       Kong and Malaysia. The unallocated surplus is recorded wholly as a liability with no allocation to
                                                       equity. The annual excess or shortfall of income over expenditure of the with-profits funds, after
                                                       declaration and attribution of the cost of bonuses to policyholders and shareholders, is
                                                       transferred to or from the unallocated surplus each period through a charge or credit to the
                                                       income statement. In Hong Kong, the unallocated surplus includes the shareholders’ share of
                                                       expected future bonuses, with the expected policyholder share being included in policyholder
                                                       liabilities. Any excess of assets over liabilities and amounts expected to be paid out by the fund
                                                       on future bonuses is also included in the unallocated surplus.
                                                       The balance of the unallocated surplus is determined after full provision for deferred tax on
                                                       unrealised appreciation or depreciation on investments.

                                                       Liability adequacy test
                                                       The Group performs adequacy testing on its insurance liabilities to ensure that the carrying
                                                       amounts (net of related deferred acquisition costs and, where relevant, present value of
                                                       acquired in-force business) is sufficient to cover current estimates of future cash outflows of the
                                                       in-force policies over the expected lives. Any deficiency is immediately charged to the income
                                                       statement. The liability adequacy test is performed at the level of a portfolio of contracts that
                                                       are subject to broadly similar risks and managed together as a single portfolio which may be at
                                                       an entity or business unit level, depending on how the business is managed.


290                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                        prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                               Group overview




(b) Further critical accounting policies affecting the presentation of the Group’s results




                                                                                                                                                               Strategic report
Presentation of results before tax attributable to shareholders
Profit before tax is a significant IFRS income      The total tax charge for the Group reflects tax that, in addition to that relating to shareholders’
statement item. The Group has chosen to             profit, is also attributable to policyholders through the interest in with-profits or unit-linked
present a measure of profit before tax              funds. Further detail is provided in note B3. Reported IFRS profit before the tax measure is
attributable to shareholders which                  therefore not representative of pre-tax profit attributable to shareholders. Accordingly, in order
distinguishes between tax borne by                  to provide a measure of pre-tax profit attributable to shareholders, the Group has chosen to
shareholders and tax attributable to                adopt an income statement presentation of the tax charge and pre-tax results that
policyholders to support understanding of the       distinguishes between policyholders’ and shareholders’ returns.
performance of the Group.


                                                                                                                                                               Governance
Profit before tax attributable to shareholders is
$1,461 million and compares to profit before
tax of $1,482 million.

Segmental analysis of results and earnings attributable to shareholders
The Group uses adjusted operating profit as         The basis of calculation of adjusted operating profit is provided in note B1.2.
the segmental measure of its results.
                                                    For shareholder-backed business, with the exception of securities which are treated as
Total segmental adjusted operating profit is        available‑for-sale (AFS), and assets classified as loans and receivables at amortised cost, all




                                                                                                                                                               Directors’ remuneration report
$4,106 million and is shown in note B1.1.           financial investments and investment properties are designated as assets at fair value through
                                                    profit or loss. Short-term fluctuations in fair value affect the result for the year and the Group
                                                    provides additional analysis of results before and after the effects of short-term fluctuations
                                                    in investment returns, together with other items that are of a short-term, volatile or one-off
                                                    in nature.
                                                    Short-term fluctuations in investment returns on assets held by with-profits funds in Hong Kong,
                                                    Malaysia and Singapore do not affect directly reported shareholder results. This is because (i)
                                                    the unallocated surplus of with-profits funds is accounted for as a liability and (ii) excess or deficit
                                                    of income and expenditure of the funds over the required surplus for distribution are transferred
                                                    to or from policyholder liabilities (including the unallocated surplus).




                                                                                                                                                               Financial statements
(c) Other items requiring application of critical estimates or judgements

Carrying value of distribution rights intangible assets
The Group applies judgement to assess               Distribution rights relate to bancassurance partnership arrangements for the distribution of
whether factors such as the financial               products for the term of the contractual agreement with the bank partner, for which an asset is
performance of the distribution arrangements,       recognised based on fees paid and fees payable not subject to performance conditions.
changes in relevant legislation and regulatory      Distribution rights impairment testing is conducted when there is an indication of an
requirements indicate an impairment of              impairment.
intangible assets representing distribution




                                                                                                                                                               European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
rights.                                             To assess indicators of an impairment, the Group monitors a number of internal and external
                                                    factors, including indications that the financial performance of the arrangement is likely to be
To determine the impaired value, the Group          worse than expected and changes in relevant legislation and regulatory requirements that
estimates the discounted future expected cash       could impact the Group’s ability to continue to sell new business through the bancassurance
flows arising from the cash generating unit         channel, and then applies judgement to assess whether these factors indicate that an
containing the distribution rights.                 impairment has occurred.
Affects $3.6 billion of assets as shown in note     If an impairment has occurred, a charge is recognised in the income statement for the
C4.2.                                               difference between the carrying value and recoverable amount of the asset. The recoverable
                                                    amount is the greater of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. Value in use is calculated as
                                                    the present value of future expected cash flows from the asset or the cash generating unit to
                                                    which it is allocated.




                                                                                                                                                               Additional information




                                                                                                         Prudential plc Annual Report 2022     291
A Basis of preparation and accounting policies / continued




A3 Accounting policies continued
A3.1 Critical accounting policies, estimates and judgements continued

Deferred acquisition costs (DAC) for insurance contracts
The Group estimates projected future profits/         Except for acquisition costs of the UK-style with-profits funds’ contracts in Hong Kong, which are
margins to assess whether adjustments to the          accounted for under the ‘grandfathered’ FRS 27, costs of acquiring new insurance business are
carrying value or amortisation profile of DAC         accounted for in a way that is consistent with the principles of the ‘grandfathered’ ABI SORP.
asset are necessary.
                                                      The Group determines qualifying costs that should be capitalised (ie those costs of acquiring
Impacts $3.3 billion of DAC as shown in               new insurance contracts that meet the criteria under the Group’s accounting policy for DAC)
note C4.2.                                            shown by an explicit carrying value in the balance sheet. However, in some insurance operations,
                                                      the deferral is implicit through the reserving basis. DAC is amortised against the profit margins
                                                      within future revenues on the related insurance policies. For some business units this is
                                                      approximated by amortising DAC on a straight-line basis over the expected duration of the
                                                      policies.
                                                      The recoverability of the DAC is measured and the DAC asset is deemed impaired if the
                                                      projected margins (which are estimated based on a number of assumptions similar to those
                                                      underlying policyholder liabilities) are less than the carrying value. To the extent that the future
                                                      margins differ from those anticipated, an adjustment to the carrying value will be necessary
                                                      either through a charge to the income statement (if the projected margins are lower than
                                                      carrying value) or through a change in the amortisation profile.
                                                      For those business units applying US GAAP to insurance assets and liabilities, as permitted by
                                                      the ‘grandfathered’ ABI SORP, acquisition costs are deferred and amortised as per the US GAAP
                                                      requirements under ASC 944 Financial Services – Insurance.

Financial investments – valuation
Financial investments held at fair value              The Group holds the majority of its financial investments at fair value (primarily through profit or
represent $135.7 billion of the Group’s total         loss). Financial investments held at amortised cost primarily comprise loans and deposits.
assets.
                                                      Determination of fair value
Financial investments held at amortised cost          The fair values of the financial instruments for which fair valuation is required under IFRS
represent $8.4 billion of the Group’s total           Standards are determined by the use of quoted market prices for exchange-quoted investments
assets.                                               or by using quotations from independent third parties such as brokers and pricing services or by
                                                      using appropriate valuation techniques. Further details are included in note C2.1.
The Group estimates the fair value of financial
investments that are not actively traded using        The estimated fair value of derivative financial instruments reflects the estimated amount the
quotations from independent third parties or          Group would receive or pay in an arm’s-length transaction. This amount is determined using
internally developed pricing models.                  quoted prices if exchange listed, quotations from independent third parties or valued internally
                                                      using standard market practices.
                                                      Quoted market prices are used to value investments having quoted prices. Actively traded
                                                      investments without quoted prices are valued using prices provided by third parties such as
                                                      brokers or pricing services. Financial investments measured at fair value are classified into a
                                                      three-level hierarchy as described in note C2.1.
                                                      If the market for a financial investment of the Group is not active, the Group establishes fair
                                                      value by using quotations from independent third parties, such as brokers or pricing services, or
                                                      by using internally developed pricing models. Priority is given to publicly available prices from
                                                      independent sources when available, but overall the source of pricing and/or the valuation
                                                      technique is chosen with the objective of arriving at a fair value measurement which reflects the
                                                      price at which an orderly transaction would take place between market participants on the
                                                      measurement date. Changes in assumptions relating to these variables could positively or
                                                      negatively impact the reported fair value of these financial investments. Details of the financial
                                                      investments classified as ‘level 3’ to which valuation techniques are applied and the sensitivity of
                                                      profit before tax to a change in the valuation of these items, are presented in note C2.2.




292               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                         prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                             Group overview




A3.2 New accounting pronouncements not yet effective
The following standards, interpretations and amendments have been issued by the IASB but are not yet effective for the Group in 2022. The



                                                                                                                                                             Strategic report
Group prepares consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS Standards as issued by the IASB and UK-adopted international
accounting standards. This is not intended to be a complete list as only those standards, interpretations and amendments that could have a
material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements are discussed.

IFRS 9 ‘Financial instruments: Classification and measurement’
IFRS 9 became mandatorily effective for the annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018, with early application permitted and
transitional rules apply. The Group met the eligibility criteria for temporary exemption under the Amendments to IFRS 4 from applying IFRS 9 and
has accordingly deferred the adoption of IFRS 9 until 1 January 2023.
   The Group is eligible as its activities are predominantly to issue insurance contracts based on the criteria as set out in the amendments to IFRS


                                                                                                                                                             Governance
4. The required disclosure of the fair value of the Group’s financial assets, showing the amounts for instruments that meet the ‘Solely for Payment
of Principal and Interest’ (SPPI) criteria but do not meet the definition of held for trading and are not managed and evaluated on a fair value basis
separately from all other financial assets, is provided below.
   The Group is implementing this standard in conjunction with IFRS 17 as permitted. IFRS 9 replaces the existing IAS 39 ‘Financial Instruments –
Recognition and Measurement’ and will affect the following three areas:

The classification and the measurement of financial assets and liabilities
IFRS 9 redefines the classification of financial assets. Based on the way in which the assets are managed in order to generate cash flows and their
contractual cash flow characteristics (whether the cash flows represent ‘solely payments of principal and interest’), financial assets are classified




                                                                                                                                                             Directors’ remuneration report
into one of the following categories: amortised cost, fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) and fair value through profit or loss
(FVTPL). An option is also available at initial recognition to irrevocably designate a financial asset as at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly
reduces accounting mismatches.
   Under IAS 39, 97 per cent of the Group’s financial investments are valued at FVTPL and the vast majority of its investments will continue to be
classified as such under IFRS 9. The Company expects to make an election under IFRS 9 to measure its retained interest in Jackson’s equity
securities at FVOCI. Under this designation, only dividend income from this retained interest is recognised in the profit or loss of the Company.
Unrealised gains and losses are recognised in other comprehensive income and there is no recycling to the profit or loss on derecognition.
   The existing IAS 39 amortised cost measurement for financial liabilities is largely maintained under IFRS 9. For financial liabilities designated at
FVTPL IFRS 9 requires changes in fair value due to changes in the entity’s own credit risk to be recognised in other comprehensive income.

The calculation of the impairment charge relevant for financial assets held at amortised cost or FVOCI
A new impairment model based on an expected credit loss approach replaces the existing IAS 39 incurred loss impairment model, resulting in




                                                                                                                                                             Financial statements
earlier recognition of credit losses compared to IAS 39. This aspect is the most complex area of IFRS 9 to implement and will involve significant
judgements and estimation processes.
   The Group has assessed the scope of assets to which these requirements will apply and expects that the vast majority of the financial
investments of the Group to be held at FVTPL to which these requirements will not apply. Accordingly, no significant amount of additional
impairment is expected to be recognised by the Group under the expected credit loss approach as a result of the adoption of IFRS 9.

The hedge accounting requirements which are more closely aligned with the risk management activities
The Group has not applied hedge accounting treatment under IAS 39 and therefore, there is no impact in this area for the Group upon the
adoption of IFRS 9.




                                                                                                                                                             European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
   The parent company and a number of intermediate holding companies and non-insurance subsidiaries adopted IFRS 9 in 2018 in their
individual or separate financial statements where these statements are prepared in accordance with IFRS, including the UK Financial Reporting
Standard 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’. The public availability of the financial statements for these entities varies according to the local
laws and regulations of each jurisdiction. The results for these entities continue to be accounted for on an IAS 39 basis in these consolidated
financial statements.
   The fair value of the Group’s directly held financial assets at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are shown below. Financial assets with contractual
terms that give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI) as defined by IFRS 9 are shown
separately. This excludes financial assets that meet the definition of held for trading or are managed and evaluated on a fair value basis.




                                                                                                                                                             Additional information




                                                                                                         Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   293
A Basis of preparation and accounting policies / continued




    A3 Accounting policies continued
A3.2 New accounting pronouncements not yet effective continued

                                                                                                                               Financial assets that                    All other financial assets,
                                                                                                                                pass the SPPI test                      net of derivative liabilities

                                                                                                                                                 Movement in                                Movement in
                                                                                                                            Fair value at        the fair value         Fair value at       the fair value
                                                                                                                            31 Dec 2022           during 2022           31 Dec 2022          during 2022
Financial assets, net of derivative liabilities                                                                                       $m                    $m                    $m                   $m

Accrued investment income                                                                                                          1,135                     –                      –                 –
Other debtors                                                                                                                      1,694                     –                      –                 –
Loans note                                                                                                                         2,189                    15                    468               (37)
Equity securities and holdings in collective investment schemes                                                                        –                     –                 57,679            (8,420)
Debt securities                                                                                                                        –                     –                 76,989           (21,803)
Derivative assets, net of derivative liabilities                                                                                       –                     –                   (432)           (4,487)
Deposits                                                                                                                           6,275                     –                      –                 –
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                          5,514                     –                      –                 –
Total financial assets, net of derivative liabilities                                                                            16,807                     15                134,704           (34,747)


                                                                                                                               Financial assets that                    All other financial assets,
                                                                                                                                pass the SPPI test                      net of derivative liabilities

                                                                                                                                                 Movement in                                Movement in
                                                                                                                            Fair value at        the fair value         Fair value at       the fair value
                                                                                                                            31 Dec 2021           during 2021           31 Dec 2021          during 2021
Financial assets, net of derivative liabilities                                                                                       $m                    $m                    $m                   $m

Accrued investment income                                                                                                          1,171                     –                      –                   –
Other debtors                                                                                                                      1,779                     –                      –                   –
Loans note                                                                                                                         2,126                    41                    647                  (1)
Equity securities and holdings in collective investment schemes                                                                        –                     –                 61,601               4,061
Debt securities                                                                                                                      226                     –                 98,868             (3,164)
Derivative assets, net of derivative liabilities                                                                                       –                     –                    219               (943)
Deposits                                                                                                                           4,741                     –                      –                   –
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                          7,170                     –                      –                   –
Total financial assets, net of derivative liabilities                                                                            17,213                     41                161,335                   (47)

Note
The loans that pass the SPPI test in the tables above are primarily carried at amortised cost under IAS 39. Further information on these loans is as provided in note C2.2.


The underlying financial assets of the Group’s joint ventures and associates accounted for using the equity method are analysed below into those
which meet the SPPI condition of IFRS 9, excluding any financial assets that meet the definition of held for trading or are managed and evaluated
on a fair value basis, and all other financial assets.
  Fair value information of the financial assets held by CITIC-Prudential Life Insurance Company (CPL), the Group’s individually material joint
venture, is shown in the table below. The amounts disclosed represent 100 per cent of the entity’s financial assets and not the Group’s share of
those amounts and have been prepared on the same basis as the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

                                                                              Financial assets that pass the
                                                                                        SPPI test*                                                 All other financial assets
CPL (100% of the financial assets of the entity)                                    Fair value at 31 Dec                        Fair value at 31 Dec               Movement in the fair value during

Financial assets                                                                    2022 $m              2021 $m                2022 $m              2021 $m                  2022 $m           2021 $m

Accrued investment income                                                                176                  170                        –                   –                      –                    –
Other debtors                                                                            667                  620                        –                   –                      –                    –
Loans                                                                                    674                  656                        –                   –                      –                    –
Equity securities and holdings in collective investment
  schemes                                                                                  –                    –                15,698               12,882                   (1,314)               254
Debt securities                                                                            –                    –                11,478               11,976                       37                184
Deposits                                                                               1,174                1,210                     –                    –                        –                  –
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                561                  422                     –                    –                        –                  –
Total financial assets                                                                 3,252                3,078                27,176               24,858                   (1,277)               438

*     The carrying value approximates fair value for the financial assets in this category with no movement in the fair value during the year.




294                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                               prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Group overview




Fair value information for the Group’s share of financial assets of other joint ventures and associates in aggregate is set out in the table below:




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Strategic report
                                                                              Financial assets that pass the
                                                                                        SPPI test*                                                All other financial assets
Other JVs and associates (Prudential’s share)                                      Fair value at 31 Dec                        Fair value at 31 Dec              Movement in the fair value during

Financial assets                                                                   2022 $m              2021 $m                2022 $m             2021 $m              2022 $m          2021 $m

Accrued investment income                                                                83                   85                        –                  –                      –             –
Other debtors                                                                           143                  187                        –                  –                      –             –
Loans                                                                                     –                   26                        –                  –                      –             –
Equity securities and holdings in collective investment
  schemes                                                                                 –                    –                  3,657               3,859                     133           680


                                                                                                                                                                                                     Governance
Debt securities                                                                           –                    –                  3,476               3,674                    (131)         (121)
Deposits                                                                                335                  203                      –                   –                       –             –
Cash and cash equivalents                                                               380                  510                      –                   –                       –             –
Total financial assets                                                                  941                1,011                  7,133               7,533                       2          559

*     The carrying value approximates fair value for the financial assets in this category with no movement in the fair value during the year.


IFRS 17 ‘Insurance Contracts’
IFRS 17 ‘Insurance Contracts’ became effective on 1 January 2023 and replaces IFRS 4 ‘Insurance Contracts’. IFRS 4 permitted insurers to




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Directors’ remuneration report
continue to use the statutory basis of accounting for insurance assets and liabilities that existed in their jurisdictions prior to January 2005. IFRS 17
replaced this with a new measurement model that significantly changes the way insurance and reinsurance contracts are accounted for, albeit the
scope of IFRS 17 and IFRS 4 is very similar. Therefore, nearly all of the Group’s insurance and investment contracts with discretionary participation
features accounted under IFRS 4 will be accounted for under IFRS 17. The transition date of the Group for IFRS 17 was 1 January 2022. The Group
is adopting IFRS 17 on its mandatory effective date on 1 January 2023, alongside the adoption of IFRS 9.

IFRS 17 implementation programme
The requirements of the new standard are complex and require a fundamental change to accounting, presentation and disclosures for insurance
contracts as well as the application of significant judgement and new estimation techniques. The implementation of this standard has involved
significant enhancements to IT, actuarial and finance systems of the Group. The Group has been implementing IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 through a
Group-wide implementation programme.




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Financial statements
   A Group-wide Steering Committee, chaired by the Group Chief Financial Officer, provides oversight and strategic direction to the
implementation programme. Regular updates on progress are provided to the Group Audit Committee and during 2022 members of the
Committee, as well as the Board, received training on the new requirements. Since the last Annual Report, the systems implementation has been
completed and the transition impacts at 1 January 2022 have been calculated. The production of half year and full year 2022 comparatives using
the IFRS 17 accounting standard is scheduled to be completed in the first half of 2023.

Overview of IFRS 17
IFRS 17 requires liabilities for insurance contracts to be measured as the total of:
> fulfilment cash flows, comprising the best estimate of the present value of future cash flows within the contract boundary that are expected to




                                                                                                                                                                                                     European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
  arise and an explicit risk adjustment for non-financial risk; and
> a contractual service margin (CSM) that is representing the deferral of any day-one gains arising on initial recognition.
Losses are recognised directly into the income statement. For measurement purposes, contracts are grouped together into contracts of similar
risk, profitability profile and issue year, with further divisions for contracts that are managed separately.

The establishment of CSM on the Group’s in-force business and transition approach
Transition refers to the determination of the opening balance sheet for the first year of comparative information presented under IFRS 17 (ie at
1 January 2022). The future cash flows and risk adjustment are measured on a current basis in the same manner as they would be calculated for
subsequent measurement. The key component of transition is therefore the determination of the CSM.
   The standard requires IFRS 17 to be applied retrospectively (the ‘fully retrospective approach’) unless impracticable. If a fully retrospective
approach is impracticable there is an option to choose either a modified retrospective approach or a fair value approach. If reasonable and
supportable information necessary to apply the modified retrospective approach is not available, the fair value approach must be applied. The
Group applied all three approaches on transition, after taking into account the information that is available to be used for the different groups of
contracts of the Group. The fair value approach is applied, in particular, where suitable historical information required to apply the retrospective
transition approaches is no longer practicably available.




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Additional information




                                                                                                                                            Prudential plc Annual Report 2022          295
A Basis of preparation and accounting policies / continued




A3 Accounting policies continued
A3.2 New accounting pronouncements not yet effective continued
Profit for insurance contracts under IFRS 17
IFRS 17 introduces a new measure of insurance revenue, based on the delivery of services to policyholders and excluding any premiums related to
the investment elements of policies, which will be significantly different from existing premium revenue measures, currently reported in the income
statement.
   Profit for insurance contracts under IFRS 17 is represented by the recognition of the services provided to policyholders in the period (release of
the CSM), release from non-economic risk (release of risk adjustment) and the excess of the actual investment return in the period over the effect
of the unwind of the rate used to discount the General Measurement Model liabilities, together with operating variances as appropriate. CSM is
released in line with coverage units that are a measure of the quantity of benefits provided under a contract and the period over which coverage is
provided.
   The CSM is released as profit over the coverage period of the insurance contract, reflecting the delivery of services to the policyholder. Under
IFRS 17 insurance contracts are measured under either the General Measurement Model (GMM), the Variable Fee Approach (VFA) for contracts
with direct participating features or the simplified Premium Allocation Approach (PAA). The Group predominantly uses the VFA and GMM,
depending on the specific characteristics of the insurance contracts. The Group makes very limited use of the PAA for some small portfolios of
short duration contracts. Reinsurance contracts held are measured under the GMM.
   We estimate that over two-thirds of the CSM at transition is calculated using the VFA and relates to the Group’s with-profits products, the
Group’s flagship critical illness products in Hong Kong and unit-linked products with a low proportion of protection riders. The contracts calculated
using the GMM, include the Group’s non-profit protection business and unit-linked business with a high proportion of protection riders.
   The fulfilment cash flows comprise the best estimate of the present value of future cash flows within the contract boundary that are expected
to arise and an explicit risk adjustment for non-financial risk. The discount rate applied to derive the present value of future cash flows is
determined on a bottom-up basis, starting with a liquid risk-free yield curve and adding an illiquidity premium to reflect the characteristics of the
insurance contracts. The risk adjustment reflects the compensation the Group requires for bearing the uncertainty about the amount and timing
of the cash flows from non-financial risk as the Group fulfils insurance contracts, determined by the Group using a confidence level approach.
   The fulfilment cash flows are updated each reporting date to reflect current conditions. For contracts with direct participating features which
are accounted for under the VFA, the CSM represents the variable fee to shareholders and it is adjusted to reflect the effect of changes in
economics as well as experience variances and/or assumptions changes that relate to future services. For contracts accounted for under GMM, the
CSM is accreted using the locked-in discount rates and only adjusted to reflect the effect of non-economic experience variances and/or
assumptions changes that relate to future services. The adjustments to the CSM are determined using the locked-in discount rates.

Expected impact on transition (1 January 2022)
The Group is adopting IFRS 17 retrospectively to its 2022 comparatives as required by the standard. As permitted by IFRS 9, the Group is not
planning to restate the 2022 comparatives on initial application of IFRS 9 but the Group is taking advantage of the classification overlay for
selected assets, principally to change the classification of certain debt securities, so that they are valued at amortised cost rather than at fair value
under IAS 39, and certain loans, so that they are valued at fair value instead of the prior amortised cost valuation. Changes from IFRS 9 have an
immaterial impact on the Group’s financial statements.
   The adoption of IFRS 17 and the IFRS 9 classification overlay are estimated to increase the Group shareholders’ equity at 1 January 2022 to
between $18.9 – $19.8 billion. This reflects the release of prudent margins from our legacy accounting basis, particularly in Hong Kong, recognition
of the shareholders’ share of the inherited estate within the with-profit funds and the net impact of timing differences in the pattern of profit
recognition. The overall net impact of the IFRS 9 classification overlay at 1 January 2022 is insignificant given the vast majority of the Group’s
financial investments will continue to be carried at fair value through profit or loss under IFRS 9, as currently applied under IAS 39.
   The Group is yet to complete production of its 2022 comparatives under the IFRS 17 accounting standard. In addition we continue to review our
IFRS 17 accounting policies and approach to ensure they remain in line with market practice. Therefore the impacts discussed above are subject to
change prior to finalisation of the Group’s financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2023.

Other new accounting pronouncements
In addition to the above, the following new accounting pronouncements have also been issued and are not yet effective but the Group is not
expecting them to have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements:
> Amendments to IAS 1 ‘Classification of liabilities as current or non-current’ issued in January 2020 and effective from 1 January 2023. An
  exposure draft was issued in November 2021 proposing for this effective date to be delayed to periods starting no earlier than 1 January 2024;
> Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 ‘Disclosure of accounting policies’ issued in February 2021 and effective from 1 January
  2023;
> Amendments to IAS 8 ‘Definition of accounting estimates’ issued in February 2021 and effective from 1 January 2023;
> Amendments to IAS 12 ‘Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction’ issued in May 2021 and effective from
  1 January 2023;
> Amendments to IFRS 16 ‘Lease liability in a sale and leaseback’ issued in September 2022 and effective from 1 January 2024; and
> Amendments to IAS 1 ‘Non-current liabilities with covenants’ issued in October 2022 and effective from 1 January 2024.




296               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                      prudentialplc.com
B		 Earnings performance

                                                                                                                                                       Group overview




B1 Analysis of performance by segment


                                                                                                                                                       Strategic report
B1.1    Segment results

                                                                       2022 $m        2021 $m                             2022 vs 2021 %

                                                                                     AER                  CER                AER              CER
                                                                Note    note (i)   note (i)             note (i)           note (i)         note (i)

Continuing operations:
CPL                                                                       368        343                  329                7%               12%
Hong Kong                                                               1,036        975                  969                6%                7%
Indonesia                                                                 343        446                  429             (23)%             (20)%

                                                                                                                                                       Governance
Malaysia                                                                  364        350                  330                4%               10%
Singapore                                                                 678        663                  646                2%                5%
Growth markets and other note (ii)                                      1,057        932                  880               13%               20%
Eastspring                                                                260        314                  299             (17)%             (13)%
Total segment profit                                                    4,106      4,023                3,882                 2%               6%
Other income and expenditure unallocated to a segment:
  Net investment return and other items                                    39         21                   21               86%              86%
  Interest payable on core structural borrowings                         (200)      (328)                (328)              39%              39%




                                                                                                                                                       Directors’ remuneration report
  Corporate expenditure note (iii)                                       (276)      (298)                (280)               7%               1%
Total other income (expenditure)                                B1.4     (437)      (605)                (587)              28%              26%
Restructuring and IFRS 17 implementation costs   note (iv)      B1.4     (294)      (185)                (178)            (59)%             (65)%
Adjusted operating profit                                       B1.2    3,375      3,233                3,117                 4%               8%
Short-term fluctuations in investment returns on shareholder-
  backed business note (v)                                              (1,915)     (458)                (435)           (318)%            (340)%
Amortisation of acquisition accounting adjustments                         (10)       (5)                  (5)           (100)%            (100)%
Gain (loss) attaching to corporate transactions                 D1.1        11       (94)                 (91)               n/a               n/a
Profit before tax attributable to shareholders                          1,461      2,676                2,586             (45)%             (44)%
Tax charge attributable to shareholders’ returns                 B3      (454)      (462)                (443)               2%              (2)%
Profit from continuing operations                                       1,007       2,214               2,143             (55)%             (53)%




                                                                                                                                                       Financial statements
Loss from discontinued US operations                            D1.2        –      (5,027)             (5,027)               n/a               n/a
Profit (loss) for the year                                              1,007      (2,813)             (2,884)                    –               –

Attributable to:
Equity holders of the Company
  From continuing operations                                              998       2,192               2,121             (54)%             (53)%
  From discontinued US operations                                           –      (4,234)             (4,234)               n/a               n/a
                                                                          998      (2,042)             (2,113)                n/a              n/a




                                                                                                                                                       European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Non-controlling interests
  From continuing operations                                                  9       22                   22                 n/a              n/a
  From discontinued US operations                                             –     (793)                (793)                n/a              n/a
                                                                              9     (771)                (771)                n/a              n/a
Profit (loss) for the year                                              1,007      (2,813)             (2,884)                n/a              n/a




                                                                                                                                                       Additional information




                                                                                              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022       297
B Earnings performance / continued




 B1 Analysis of performance by segment continued
B1.1      Segment results continued

                                                                                                            2022                       2021                                 2022 vs 2021 %

                                                                                                                                   AER                  CER                   AER                  CER
Basic earnings per share (in cents)                                                     Note              note (i)               note (i)             note (i)              note (i)             note (i)

Based on adjusted operating profit, net of tax and
  non-controlling interest, from continuing operations                                     B4           100.5¢                  101.5¢                97.7¢                   (1)%                  3%
Based on profit from continuing operations, net of
  non-controlling interest                                                                 B4             36.5¢                  83.4¢                80.6¢                 (56)%                (55)%
Based on loss from discontinued US operations, net of
  non-controlling interest                                                                 B4                  –¢             (161.1)¢            (161.2)¢                      n/a                 n/a

Notes
(i)   Segment results are attributed to the shareholders of the Group before deducting the amount attributable to the non-controlling interests. This presentation is applied consistently throughout
      the document. For definitions of AER and CER refer to note A1.
(ii)  Adjusted operating profit for growth markets and other includes other items of $211 million (2021: $217 million on an AER basis; $208 million on a CER basis) which in 2022 primarily included
      the impact of the adoption of the Risk-Based Capital regime in Hong Kong (as discussed further in note C3.2) partially offset by corporate taxes for life joint ventures and associates.
(iii) Corporate expenditure as shown above is for head office functions.
(iv) Restructuring and IFRS 17 implementation costs include those incurred in insurance and asset management operations of $(137) million (2021: $(101) million on an AER basis), largely
      comprising the costs of Group-wide projects including the implementation of IFRS 17, reorganisation programmes and initial costs of establishing new business initiatives and operations.
(v)   In general, the short-term fluctuations reflect the value movements on shareholders’ assets and policyholder liabilities (net of reinsurance) arising from market movements in the year. In 2022,
      rising interest rates and widening credit spreads across a number of the Group’s life insurance markets led to unrealised bond losses which more than offset the impact of higher discount rates on
      policyholder liabilities. The interest rates rises in 2022 were more substantial than that seen in 2021. Short-term fluctuations also reflect losses on equities backing shareholder-backed business
      following market movements in 2022 (2021: equity gains) and the impact of refinements to the reserving basis in Hong Kong following the adoption of the Risk-Based Capital regime (as
      discussed further in note C3.2).

B1.2 Determining operating segments and performance measure of operating segments
Operating segments
The Group’s operating and reported segments for financial reporting purposes are defined and presented in accordance with IFRS 8 ‘Operating
Segments’ on the basis of the management reporting structure and its financial management information. Under the Group’s management and
reporting structure, its chief operating decision maker is the Group Executive Committee (GEC), chaired by the Chief Executive Officer.
Performance measures for insurance operations are analysed by geographical areas for the larger business units of CPL, Hong Kong, Indonesia,
Malaysia and Singapore, with Eastspring, the asset management business, also analysed separately. CPL is managed jointly with CITIC, a Chinese
state-owned conglomerate. All other Asia and Africa insurance operations are included in the ‘Growth markets and other’ segment alongside
other amounts that are not included in the segment profit of an individual business unit, including tax on life joint ventures and associates and
other items that are not representative of the underlying segment trading for the period.
   Operations and transactions which do not form part of any business unit are reported as ‘Unallocated to a segment’ and generally comprise
head office functions, as presented in the additional segmental analysis in note B1.4.

Performance measure
The performance measure of operating segments utilised by the Group is IFRS operating profit based on longer-term investment returns
(adjusted operating profit) as described below. This measurement basis distinguishes adjusted operating profit from other constituents of total
profit or loss for the year as follows:
> Short-term fluctuations in investment returns on shareholder-backed business;
> Amortisation of acquisition accounting adjustments arising on the purchase of business; and
> Gain or loss on corporate transactions.
Determination of adjusted operating profit for investment and liability movements
With-profits business
For with-profits business in Hong Kong, Singapore and Malaysia, the adjusted operating profit reflects the shareholders’ share in the bonuses
declared to policyholders. Value movements in the underlying assets of the with-profits funds only affect the shareholder results through indirect
effects of investment performance on declared policyholder bonuses and therefore, do not affect directly the determination of adjusted
operating profit.

Assets and liabilities held within unit-linked funds
The policyholder unit liabilities are directly reflective of the underlying asset value movements. Accordingly, the adjusted operating profit reflects
the current year value movements in both the unit liabilities and the backing assets, which offset one another.

Other shareholder-backed long-term insurance business
In the case of other shareholder-financed business, the measurement of adjusted operating profit reflects that, for the long-term insurance
business, assets and liabilities are held for the longer term. For this business the Group believes trends in underlying performance are better
understood if the effects of short-term fluctuations in market conditions, such as changes in interest rates or equity markets, are excluded. In
determining the profit on this basis, the following key elements are applied to the results of the Group’s shareholder-financed businesses.




298                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                              prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                          Group overview




(a) Policyholder liabilities that are sensitive to market conditions
Under IFRS, the degree to which the carrying values of liabilities to policyholders are sensitive to current market conditions varies between



                                                                                                                                                          Strategic report
business units depending upon the nature of the ‘grandfathered’ measurement basis. Taiwan and India apply US GAAP, whose policyholder
liabilities are not sensitive to market movements as they are locked in at policy inception.
   Movements in liabilities for some types of business do require bifurcation between the elements that relate to longer-term market condition
and short-term effects to ensure that at the net level (ie after allocated investment return and charge for policyholder benefits) the adjusted
operating profit reflects longer-term market returns.
   For certain non-participating business, for example in Hong Kong, the economic features are more akin to asset management products with
policyholder liabilities reflecting asset shares over the contract term. Consequently, for these products, the charge for policyholder benefits in the
adjusted operating profit reflects the asset share feature that is calculated assuming a longer-term return assumption rather than volatile
movements that would otherwise be reflected if the IFRS balance sheet reserving basis was applied.

                                                                                                                                                          Governance
   For other types of non-participating business, expected longer-term investment returns and interest rates are used to determine the movement
in policyholder liabilities for determining adjusted operating profit. This ensures assets and liabilities are reflected on a consistent basis.

(b) Assets backing other shareholder-backed long-term insurance business
Except in the case of assets backing liabilities which are directly matched (such as unit-linked business) adjusted operating profit for assets backing
shareholder-financed business is determined on the basis of expected longer-term investment returns. Longer-term investment returns comprise
actual income receivable for the year (interest/dividend income) and longer-term capital returns, determined for debt and equity-type securities
on the basis described below. The difference between the actual investment returns in the reporting period and the longer-term investment
returns is recognised within short-term fluctuations in investment returns.




                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ remuneration report
Debt securities and loans
As a general principle, for debt securities and loans, the longer-term investment returns comprise the interest receivable for the year and the
amortisation of interest-related realised gains and losses to the date when sold securities would have otherwise matured (or a suitable proxy for
this period). All unrealised gains and losses are treated as a component of short-term investment fluctuations. Consideration is given to the need
to recognise an expected longer-term level of defaults for the securities within the longer-term investment returns, based on past performance
and having regard to the credit quality of the portfolio, with any difference with actual credit-related realised losses arising in the year being
included in short-term fluctuations. If, under this analysis, realised gains and losses are principally considered to be interest related with no
significant credit-related losses based on past performance, then all realised gains and losses to date for these operations are treated as interest
related and amortised to adjusted operating profit over the period to the date those securities would otherwise have matured and no separate
charge to longer-term investment returns for credit defaults is made.
   For Group debt securities at 31 December 2022, the level of interest-related realised gains and losses on previously sold bonds that had yet to be



                                                                                                                                                          Financial statements
amortised to adjusted operating profit from short-term investment fluctuations was a net loss of $(98) million (2021: net gain of $515 million).

Equity-type securities
For equity-type securities that comprise both the Group’s investments in direct equities and all of its collective investment scheme holdings, the
longer-term rates of return are estimates of the long-term trend investment returns for income and capital having regard to past performance,
current trends and future expectations. Different rates apply to different categories of the securities within this category.
   For insurance operations, investments in equity-type securities held for non-linked shareholder-backed business amounted to $7,089 million as
at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: $6,073 million). For Group’s investments in direct equities, the longer-term rates of return applied in
2022 ranged from 8.7per cent to 16.9 per cent (2021: 7.3 per cent to 16.9 per cent). For Group’s collective investment scheme holdings, the




                                                                                                                                                          European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
longer-term rates of return applied ranged from 3.5 per cent to 10.7 per cent (2021: 3.6 per cent to 11.0 per cent) representing the range across
business units of the weighted average expected longer-term return rates determined by reference to the underlying asset mix of the funds for
each business unit. These rates are broadly stable from year to year but may be different between regions, reflecting, for example, differing
expectations of inflation in each business unit.
   The assumptions are for the returns expected to apply in equilibrium conditions. The assumed rates of return do not reflect any cyclical
variability in economic performance and are not set by reference to prevailing asset valuations. The longer-term investment returns for the
insurance joint ventures and associates accounted for using the equity method are determined on a similar basis as the other insurance
operations described above.

Derivative value movements
Generally, derivative value movements are excluded from adjusted operating profit. The exception is where the derivative value movements
broadly offset changes in the accounting value of other assets and liabilities included in adjusted operating profit.

Other non-insurance businesses
For these businesses, the determination of adjusted operating profit reflects the underlying economic substance of the arrangements. Generally,
realised gains and losses are included in adjusted operating profit with temporary unrealised gains and losses being included in short-term




                                                                                                                                                          Additional information
fluctuations. In some instances, realised gains and losses on derivatives and other financial instruments are amortised to adjusted operating profit
over a time period that reflects the underlying economic substance of the arrangements.




                                                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   299
B Earnings performance / continued




 B1 Analysis of performance by segment continued
B1.3 Revenue
Premiums and annuity considerations for conventional and other protection type insurance policies are recognised as revenue when due.
Premiums and annuity considerations for linked policies and other investment type policies are recognised as revenue when received or, in the case
of unitised or unit-linked policies, when units are issued. These amounts exclude premium taxes and similar duties where Prudential collects and
settles taxes borne by the policyholder.
   Policy fees charged on linked policies for mortality, morbidity, asset management and policy administration are recognised when related
services are provided.

(a) Analysis of total revenue by segment

                                                                                                                    2022 $m

                                                                  Insurance operations note (i)
                                                                                                               Growth                           Inter-                    Unallocated
                                                                                                              markets                        segment            Total             to a
                                            Hong Kong        Indonesia        Malaysia      Singapore        and other      Eastspring    elimination        segment        segment              Total

Gross premiums earned                            8,792           1,590          1,843             6,540         4,579                 –               –       23,344                  –       23,344
Outward reinsurance premiums                    (1,494)            (34)           (58)             (299)          (58)                –               –       (1,943)                 –       (1,943)
Earned premiums, net of
  reinsurance                                    7,298           1,556          1,785             6,241         4,521               –                 –       21,401                  –       21,401
Other income note (ii)                              65              12              –                15           116             330                 –          538                  1          539
Total external revenue note (iii)                7,363           1,568          1,785             6,256         4,637             330               –         21,939                 1        21,940
Intra-group revenue                                  –               –              –                 –             1             199            (200)             –                 –             –
Interest income note B1.3(b)                       996              83            217               744           628               4               –          2,672                50         2,722
Dividend and other investment
   income                                          689               77            183             576             107                1               –         1,633               25          1,658
Investment appreciation
   (depreciation)                             (23,704)              (70)          (365)        (7,498)         (2,876)             (21)               –      (34,534)                (5)     (34,539)
Total revenue, net of reinsurance             (14,656)           1,658          1,820               78          2,497             513            (200)         (8,290)              71         (8,219)


                                                                                                                    2021 $m

                                                                  Insurance operations note (i)
                                                                                                               Growth                           Inter-                    Unallocated
                                                                                                              markets                        segment            Total             to a
                                            Hong Kong        Indonesia        Malaysia      Singapore        and other      Eastspring    elimination        segment        segment              Total

Gross premiums earned                          10,032            1,724           1,900            6,246         4,315                 –               –       24,217                  –       24,217
Outward reinsurance premiums                   (1,557)             (43)            (47)            (137)          (60)                –               –       (1,844)                 –       (1,844)
Earned premiums, net of
  reinsurance                                    8,475           1,681           1,853            6,109         4,255                –                –       22,373                  –       22,373
Other income note (ii)                              52              12               –               22           117              437                –          640                  1          641
Total external revenue note (iii)                8,527           1,693           1,853            6,131         4,372              437               –        23,013                  1       23,014
Intra-group revenue                                  –               –               –                –             1              217            (218)            –                  –            –
Interest income note B1.3(b)                       934              87             220              707           618                3               –         2,569                  1        2,570
Dividend and other investment
   income                                          679               74            160             506              86                –               –         1,505               19          1,524
Investment appreciation
   (depreciation)                                    57              34           (300)             (29)          (361)               8               –           (591)            (17)          (608)
Total revenue, net of reinsurance              10,197            1,888           1,933            7,315         4,716              665            (218)       26,496                  4       26,500

Notes
(i)   CPL, Prudential’s life business in the Chinese Mainland, is a joint venture with CITIC and is accounted for using the equity method under IFRS. The Group’s share of its results is presented in a
      single line within the Group’s profit before tax on a net of related tax basis, and therefore not shown in the analysis of revenue line items above. Revenue from external customers of CPL
      (Prudential’s share) in 2022 is $2,948 million (2021: $3,052 million). Further financial information on CPL is provided in note D6.3.
(ii)  Other income comprises income from external customers and consists primarily of revenue from the Group’s asset management business of $330 million (2021: $437 million). The remaining
      other income consists primarily of policy fee revenue from external customers and asset management rebate revenue from external fund managers. Also included in other income is fee income
      on financial instruments that are not held at FVTPL of $2 million (2021: $1 million).
(iii) Due to the nature of the business of the Group, there is no reliance on any major customers. Of the Group’s markets, only Hong Kong and Singapore have external revenue that exceeds
      10 per cent of the Group total for the years presented.




300                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                            prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Group overview




(b) Additional analysis of investment return
Investment return included in the income statement principally comprises interest income, dividends, investment appreciation and depreciation



                                                                                                                                                                                                          Strategic report
(realised and unrealised gains and losses) on investments designated as fair value through profit or loss, and realised gains and losses (including
impairment losses) on items held at amortised cost and/or designated as AFS. Movements in unrealised appreciation or depreciation of securities
designated as AFS are recorded in other comprehensive income. Interest income is recognised as it accrues. Dividends on equity securities are
recognised on the ex-dividend date and rental income is recognised on an accrual basis.

                                                                                                                                                                       2022 $m             2021 $m

Net realised and unrealised gains (losses) on securities at fair value through profit or loss                 note (i)                                                 (30,097)                 624
Net realised and unrealised gains (losses) on derivatives at fair value through profit or loss note (i)                                                                 (4,487)                (943)
Net realised (losses) on loans note (i)                                                                                                                                    (14)                  (2)


                                                                                                                                                                                                          Governance
Interest income note (ii)                                                                                                                                                2,722                2,570
Dividend income                                                                                                                                                          1,531                1,496
Other investment returns (including foreign exchange gains and losses)                                                                                                     186                 (259)
Investment return                                                                                                                                                      (30,159)               3,486

Notes
(i)   Net realised gains and losses on the Group’s investments for 2022 recognised in the income statement amounted to a net loss of $(9.3) billion (2021: a net gain of $6.0 billion). The movement in
      the net amount of realised and unrealised gains and losses on the Group’s investments from 2021 to 2022 primarily reflects the effects of significant increases in interest rates during the year
      compared with 2021 as well as equity market falls during the year.




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ remuneration report
(ii)  Interest income includes $362 million (2021: $280 million) in respect of financial assets not at fair value through profit and loss.


The overall financial strength of Prudential and the results, both current and future, of the insurance business are in part dependent upon the
quality and performance of the various investment portfolios. Prudential’s insurance investments support a range of businesses operating in
many geographic areas. Each of the operations formulates a strategy based on the nature of its underlying liabilities, its level of capital and its
local regulatory requirements. Prudential’s insurance business’s investments, excluding assets to cover linked liabilities and those attributable to
external unit holders of consolidated investment funds, are largely held by Prudential’s Singapore and Hong Kong operations.
   All investments are carried at fair value in the statement of financial position with fair value movements, which are volatile from period to
period, recorded in the income statement, except for loans and receivables, which are generally carried at amortised cost (unless designated at fair
value through profit or loss), the Group’s retained interest in Jackson and certain centrally held debt securities, which are designated as available-
for-sale and therefore the changes in unrealised fair value are booked in other comprehensive income. Subject to the effect of the exceptions, the
year-on-year changes in investment returns primarily reflect the generality of overall market movements for equities and debt securities. In




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial statements
addition, foreign exchange rates affect the USD value of the translated income. Consistent with the treatment applied for other items of income
and expenditure, investment return for operations not using USD as functional currency is translated at average exchange rates. The year-on-year
movements in investment return of the Group mainly reflect the cumulative impact from the changes in interest rates on bond asset values and in
the performance of the equity markets.

Allocation of investment return between policyholders and shareholders
Investment return is attributable to policyholders and shareholders. A key feature of the accounting policies under IFRS is that the investment
return included in the income statement relates to all investment assets of the Group, irrespective of whether the return is attributable to
shareholders, policyholders or the unallocated surplus of with-profits funds, the latter two of which have no direct impact on shareholders’ profit.




                                                                                                                                                                                                          European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
The table below provides a breakdown of the investment return attributable to each type of business.

                                                                                                                                                                       2022 $m             2021 $m

   Policyholder returns
     Assets backing unit-linked liabilities                                                                                                                             (2,574)                 516
     With-profits business                                                                                                                                             (21,287)               2,700
                                                                                                                                                                       (23,861)               3,216
   Shareholder returns                                                                                                                                                  (6,298)                 270
Total investment return                                                                                                                                                (30,159)               3,486

Policyholder returns
Investment returns allocated to policyholders are those from investments in which shareholders have no direct economic interest, namely
unit-linked business for which the investment returns are wholly attributable to policyholders and with-profits business in which the shareholders’
economic interest (and the basis of recognising IFRS basis profits) is restricted to a share of the actuarially determined surplus for distribution.
Except for this surplus, the investment returns of the with-profits funds are attributable to policyholders (through the asset-share liabilities) or the




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Additional information
unallocated surplus, which is accounted for as a liability under IFRS 4 as shown in note C3.

Shareholder returns
For shareholder-backed non-with-profits business, the investment returns are generally not directly attributable to policyholders and, therefore,
impact shareholders’ profit directly.




                                                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022               301
B Earnings performance / continued




 B1 Analysis of performance by segment continued
B1.4 Additional segmental analysis of profit after tax

                                                                                                                                                                                 2022 $m              2021 $m

CPL                                                                                                                                                                                  (144)                 278
Hong Kong                                                                                                                                                                            (211)               1,068
Indonesia                                                                                                                                                                             243                  362
Malaysia                                                                                                                                                                              252                  265
Singapore                                                                                                                                                                             406                  394
Growth markets and other note (i)                                                                                                                                                     881                  434
Eastspring                                                                                                                                                                            234                  284
Total segment                                                                                                                                                                       1,661                3,085
Unallocated to a segment (central operations) note (ii)                                                                                                                              (654)                (871)
Total profit after tax                                                                                                                                                              1,007                2,214

Notes
(i)   The Growth markets and other segment comprises all other Asia and Africa insurance businesses alongside other amounts that are not included in the segment profit of an individual business
      unit, including tax on life joint ventures and associates and other items that are not representative of the underlying segment trading for the year, in line with the presentation used by
      management when assessing the performance of the underlying segments internally.
(ii)  Comprising other income and expenditure of $(437) million (2021: $(605) million) attributable to the head office functions, $(294) million (2021: $(185) million) of restructuring and IFRS 17
      implementation costs, $19 million (2021: $(25) million) of short-term fluctuations on investment returns in central operations, $62 million (2021: $(35) million) of corporate transactions and
      related tax of $(4) million (2021: $(21) million).



 B2 Acquisition costs and other expenditure

                                                                                                                                                                                 2022 $m              2021 $m

Acquisition costs incurred for insurance policies                                                                                                                                  (2,325)              (2,089)
Acquisition costs deferred                                                                                                                                                          1,002                  848
Amortisation of acquisition costs                                                                                                                                                    (475)                (343)
Administration costs and other expenditure (net of other reinsurance commission)                                                                                                   (3,100)              (3,128)
Movements in amounts attributable to external unit holders of consolidated investment funds                                                                                         1,018                  152
Total acquisition costs and other expenditure                                                                                                                                      (3,880)              (4,560)

Notes
(i)   Administration costs and other expenditure include fee expenses relating to financial liabilities held at amortised cost and are part of the determination of the effective interest rate.
(ii)  Total depreciation and amortisation expenses are included in ‘Acquisition costs incurred for insurance policies’, ‘Administration costs and other expenditure (net of other reinsurance commission)’
      and ‘Amortisation of acquisition costs’ and relate primarily to amortisation of DAC of insurance contracts and distribution rights intangibles. The segmental analysis of depreciation and
      amortisation is shown below.
                                                                                                                                                                            2022 $m              2021 $m

        Hong Kong                                                                                                                                                                    (147)                 (123)
        Indonesia                                                                                                                                                                     (61)                  (51)
        Malaysia                                                                                                                                                                      (70)                  (56)
        Singapore                                                                                                                                                                    (202)                 (162)
        Growth markets and other                                                                                                                                                     (461)                 (390)
        Eastspring                                                                                                                                                                    (13)                  (17)
        Total segment                                                                                                                                                                (954)                 (799)
        Unallocated to a segment (central operations)                                                                                                                                 (26)                  (31)
        Total depreciation and amortisation                                                                                                                                          (980)                 (830)

(iii)   Interest expense is included in ‘Administration costs and other expenditure (net of other reinsurance commission)’ other than interest on core structural borrowings that is presented separately
        on the income statement as ‘Finance costs: interest on core structural borrowings of shareholder-financed businesses’. Interest expense of the central operations amounted to $(209) million
        (2021: $(331) million) comprising $(200) million (2021: $(328) million) of interest on core structural borrowings, $(2) million of interest on lease liabilities (2021: $(3) million) and $(7) million
        (2021: nil) of interest on other operational borrowings. Core structural borrowings and operational borrowings (other than lease liabilities) represent financial liabilities that are not classified at
        fair value through profit and loss.
        The ‘Total segment’ interest expense is $(16) million (2021: $(10) million) of which $(11) million arises in the Hong Kong segment (2021: $(3) million) with the remainder spread broadly evenly
        across the other markets. Included within interest expense is $(7) million (2021: $(10) million) of interest on lease liabilities and is distributed evenly across segments.




302                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                                   prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Group overview




B2.1 Staff and employment costs
The average number of staff employed by the Group during the years shown was:



                                                                                                                                                                                                  Strategic report
                                                                                                                                                                             2022          2021

Asia and Africa operations note (i)                                                                                                                                      13,685          13,237
Head office function                                                                                                                                                        511             600
Total continuing operations                                                                                                                                              14,196          13,837
Discontinued US operations note (ii)                                                                                                                                          –           3,306
Total Group                                                                                                                                                              14,196          17,143




                                                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
Notes
(i)   The Asia and Africa operations staff numbers above exclude 744 (2021: 440) commission-based sales staff who have an employment contract with the Group.
(ii)  Average staff numbers of the discontinued US operations were for the period up to the demerger in September 2021.

The costs of employment were:

                                                                                                                              2022 $m                              2021 $m

                                                                                                                                                                   Discontinued
                                                                                                                           Group total            Continuing      US operations     Group total

Wages and salaries                                                                                                              1,018                      973            511           1,484




                                                                                                                                                                                                  Directors’ remuneration report
Social security costs                                                                                                              41                       42             22              64
Defined contribution schemes                                                                                                       40                       42             29              71
Total Group                                                                                                                     1,099                     1,057           562           1,619


B2.2 Share-based payment
The Company offers discretionary share awards to certain key employees and all-employee share plans in the UK and a number of Asia locations.
The compensation expense charged to the income statement is primarily based upon the fair value of the awards granted, the vesting period and
the vesting conditions. The Company has established trusts to facilitate the delivery of Prudential plc shares under some of these plans. The cost
to the Company of acquiring these newly issued shares held in trusts is shown as a deduction from shareholders’ equity.

(a) Description of the plans




                                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial statements
The Group operates a number of share award plans that provides Prudential plc shares, or ADRs, to participants upon vesting. The plans in
operation include the Prudential Long Term Incentive Plan, the Prudential Annual Incentive Plan, savings-related share option schemes, share
purchase plans and deferred bonus plans. Where Executive Directors participate in these plans, details about those schemes are provided in the
Directors’ remuneration report. The following information is provided about plans in which the Executive Directors do not participate:

Share scheme note                                                    Description

Prudential Asia and Africa (PAA)                                     The PAA LTIP provides eligible employees with conditional awards. Awards are discretionary and
Long‑Term Incentive Plan (PAA LTIP)                                  vest after one, two or three years subject to the employee being in employment. Vesting of
                                                                     awards may also be subject to performance conditions. All awards are generally made in




                                                                                                                                                                                                  European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                                     Prudential shares. In countries where share awards are not feasible for reasons including
                                                                     securities and/or tax considerations, awards will be replaced by the cash value of the shares that
                                                                     would otherwise have vested.

Prudential Agency Long-Term Incentive                                Certain agents are eligible to be granted awards in Prudential shares under the Prudential
Plan (LTIP)                                                          Agency LTIP. These awards are structured in a similar way to the PAA LTIP described above with
                                                                     most awards granted with a three-year vesting period.
Restricted Share Plan (RSP)                                          The Company operates the RSP for certain employees. Awards under this plan are discretionary,
                                                                     and the vesting of awards may be subject to performance conditions. All awards are made in
                                                                     Prudential shares.
Deferred bonus plans                                                 The Company operates a number of deferred bonus plans including the Group Deferred Bonus
                                                                     Plan (GDBP) and the Prudential Deferred Bonus Plan. There are no performance conditions
                                                                     attached to deferred share awards made under these arrangements.
Savings-related share option schemes                                 Eligible agents in certain business units are able to participate in the International Savings-
                                                                     Related Share Option Scheme for Non-Employees, which is similar to the HMRC-approved Save




                                                                                                                                                                                                  Additional information
                                                                     As You Earn (SAYE) share option scheme in the UK.
Share purchase plans                                                 Eligible employees outside the UK are invited to participate in arrangements similar to the
                                                                     Company’s HMRC-approved UK Share Incentive Plan, which allows the purchase of
                                                                     Prudential plc shares. Staff based in Asia and Africa are eligible to participate in the Prudential
                                                                     All Employee Share Purchase Plan.

Note
The total numbers of securities available for issue under these schemes are disclosed in note I(vii) within additional unaudited financial information.

                                                                                                                                           Prudential plc Annual Report 2022        303
B Earnings performance / continued




 B2 Acquisition costs and other expenditure continued
(b) Outstanding options and awards
The following table shows the movement in outstanding options and awards under the Group’s share-based compensation plans:

                                                                                                                                                               Awards outstanding under
                                                                                         Options outstanding under SAYE schemes                                    incentive plans

                                                                                          2022                                    2021                                  2022              2021


                                                                                                      Weighted                              Weighted
                                                                                                       average                               average
                                                                                   Number              exercise           Number             exercise
                                                                                 of options               price         of options              price                       Number of awards
                                                                                    millions                  £            millions                 £                                 millions

Balance at beginning of year:                                                           2.0              11.61                 2.3             11.86                    24.6               40.6
  Granted                                                                               0.5               7.37                 0.4             11.90                     6.5                5.2
  Modification                                                                            –                  –                 0.1             11.77                       –                0.7
  Exercised                                                                            (0.3)             11.17                (0.7)            12.58                    (7.2)              (8.6)
  Forfeited                                                                               –              10.84                   –             11.11                    (1.1)              (3.1)
  Cancelled                                                                            (0.3)             12.67                (0.1)            11.51                    (0.1)              (0.1)
  Lapsed/Expired                                                                          –              13.00                   –             12.88                    (1.7)              (0.6)
  Jackson awards derecognised on demerger note                                            –                  –                   –                 –                       –               (9.5)
Balance at end of year                                                                  1.9              10.43                 2.0             11.61                    21.0               24.6
Options immediately exercisable at end of year                                          0.3              12.48                 0.2             12.26
			
Note
On demerger of Jackson from the Prudential Group, outstanding share awards for Prudential plc participants were adjusted to receive the demerger dividend in the form of additional Prudential plc
shares, to be released on the same timetable and to the same extent as their original share awards. In the case of the International Savings-Related Share Option Scheme for Non Employees the
adjustments to outstanding options were confirmed as being fair and reasonable by an independent financial adviser in accordance with the rules of that plan and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
Listing Rules. Employees of Jackson were granted replacement awards over Jackson shares, in exchange for existing Group awards outstanding under incentive plans. As designated replacement awards
were granted, no cancellation was recognised in respect of the original awards. As the replacement awards are an obligation of Jackson these awards were derecognised by the Group on demerger.


The weighted average share price of Prudential plc for 2022 was £10.33 (2021: £14.31).
  The following table provides a summary of the range of exercise prices for Prudential plc options outstanding at 31 December:

                                                                             Outstanding                                                                    Exercisable

                                                                          Weighted average
                                                                             remaining                   Weighted average                                               Weighted average
                                          Number outstanding               contractual life               exercise prices                Number exercisable              exercise prices
                                               millions                         years                           £                            millions                          £

                                               2022           2021           2022              2021           2022         2021              2022           2021           2022           2021

Between £7 and £8                               0.5               –            4.1                –           7.37            –                 –               –             –              –
Between £9 and £10                              0.4             0.4            2.2              3.2           9.64         9.64                 –               –             –              –
Between £11 and £12                             0.8             1.2            2.4              2.7          11.48        11.38               0.2             0.1         11.12          11.04
Between £13 and £14                             0.1             0.2            1.4              1.6          13.94        13.94                 –             0.1             –          13.94
Between £14 and £15                             0.1             0.2            0.4              1.4          14.55        14.55               0.1               –         14.55              –
Total                                           1.9             2.0            2.6              2.6          10.43        11.61               0.3             0.2         12.48          12.26


The years shown above for weighted average remaining contractual life include the time period from end of vesting period to expiration of
contract.

(c) Fair value of options and awards
The fair value amounts estimated on the date of grant relating to all options and awards were determined by using the following assumptions:

                                                                                                      2022                                                       2021

                                                                                Prudential                SAYE              Other            Prudential               SAYE               Other
                                                                                LTIP (TSR)              options            awards            LTIP (TSR)             options             awards

Dividend yield (%)                                                                       –                1.11                  –                     –               0.81                   –
Expected volatility (%)                                                              33.64               25.68                  –                 26.69              22.31                   –
Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                           2.79                3.97                  –                  0.36               1.18                   –
Expected option life (years)                                                             –                4.52                  –                     –               4.50                   –
Weighted average exercise price (£)                                                      –                7.37                  –                     –              11.90                   –
Weighted average share price at grant date (£)                                       11.15                9.54                  –                 15.11              14.76                   –
Weighted average fair value at grant date (£)                                         2.09                3.45              11.11                  7.70               4.13               14.79




304                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                        prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Group overview




The compensation costs for all awards and options are recognised in net income over the plans’ respective vesting periods. The Group uses the
Black-Scholes model to value all options, and financial equivalence to value all awards other than those which have TSR performance conditions



                                                                                                                                                                                                         Strategic report
attached (some Prudential LTIP and RSP awards) for which the Group uses a Monte Carlo model in order to allow for the impact of these
conditions. These models are used to calculate fair values for share options and awards at the grant date based on the quoted market price of the
stock at the measurement date, the amount, if any, that the employees are required to pay, the dividend yield, expected volatility, risk-free interest
rates and exercise prices.
   For all options and awards, the expected volatility is based on the market implied volatilities as quoted on Bloomberg. The Prudential specific
at-the-money implied volatilities are adjusted to allow for the different terms and discounted exercise price on SAYE options by using information
on the volatility surface of the FTSE 100.
   Risk-free interest rates are taken from swap spot rates with projection terms matching the corresponding vesting periods. For awards with a TSR
condition, volatilities and correlations between Prudential and a basket of 12 competitor companies is required. For grants in 2022, the average

                                                                                                                                                                                                         Governance
volatility for the basket of competitors was 26.46 per cent (2021: 23.62 per cent). Correlations for the basket are calculated for each pairing from
the log of daily TSR returns for the three years prior to the valuation date. Market implied volatilities are used for both Prudential and the basket of
competitors. Changes to the subjective input assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimate.
   Other awards, without market performance conditions or exercise price, are valued based on grant date share price.

(d) Share-based payment expense charged to the income statement
The total expense recognised in 2022 in the consolidated financial statements relating to share-based compensation is $104 million (2021:
$100 million), of which $97 million (2021: $94 million) is accounted for as equity-settled.
  The Group had $27 million of liabilities at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: $32 million) relating to share-based payment awards




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Directors’ remuneration report
accounted for as cash-settled.

B2.3 Key management remuneration
Key management constitutes the Directors of Prudential plc and other non-Director members of the GEC, as they have authority and
responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group.
   Total key management remuneration is analysed in the following table:

                                                                                                                                                                       2022 $m              2021 $m

Salaries and short-term benefits                                                                                                                                            22.5                29.3
Post-employment benefits                                                                                                                                                     1.0                 1.4
Share-based payments                                                                                                                                                        15.4                14.0
Payments on separation                                                                                                                                                       1.0                23.5




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                                            39.9                68.2


The share-based payments charge comprises $6.7 million (2021: $7.5 million), which is determined in accordance with IFRS 2 ‘Share-based
Payment’ (see note B2.2) and $8.7 million (2021: $6.5 million) of deferred share awards.
   Additional details on the Directors’ emoluments, retirement benefits and other payments are given in the Directors’ remuneration report. In
addition to the total amounts disclosed of remuneration paid to the Directors in 2021, are amounts paid to those directors who stepped down
from the Board in 2021 being $102,000 to Kai Nargolwala and $203,000 to Fields Wicker-Miurin. This is as disclosed in the 2021 Annual Report.




                                                                                                                                                                                                         European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
B2.4 Fees payable to the auditor

                                                                                                                                                                       2022 $m              2021 $m

Audit of the Company’s annual accounts                                                                                                                                       2.3                  2.4
Audit of subsidiaries pursuant to legislation                                                                                                                                4.4                  5.9
Audit fees payable to the auditor                                                                                                                                            6.7                  8.3
Audit-related assurance services note (i)                                                                                                                                    3.5                  4.5
Other assurance services                                                                                                                                                     0.7                  1.1
Services relating to corporate finance transactions                                                                                                                            –                  1.6
Non-audit fees payable to the auditor                                                                                                                                        4.2                  7.2
Total fees payable to the auditor                                                                                                                                           10.9                15.5
Analysed into:
Fees payable to the auditor attributable to continuing operations:
  One-off non-audit services associated with demerger and public offering note (ii)                                                                                            –                 1.9
  Other audit and non-audit services                                                                                                                                        10.9                11.3




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Additional information
                                                                                                                                                                            10.9                13.2
Fees payable to the auditor attributable to discontinued US operations                                                                                                         –                 2.3
                                                                                                                                                                            10.9                15.5

Notes
(i)   Of the audit-related assurance service fees of $3.5 million in 2022 (2021: $4.5 million), $0.9 million (2021: $0.6 million) relates to services that are required by law and regulation.
(ii)  Of the $1.9 million one-off non-audit services fees associated with the demerger of the US operations and the public offering in Hong Kong in 2021, $0.1 million was for audit-related assurance
      and $0.1 million for other assurance services required by law and regulation.


                                                                                                                                        Prudential plc Annual Report 2022              305
B Earnings performance / continued




B3 Tax charge
Prudential is subject to tax in numerous jurisdictions and the calculation of the total tax charge inherently involves a degree of estimation and
judgement. Current tax expense is charged or credited based upon amounts estimated to be payable or recoverable as a result of taxable amounts
for the current year and adjustments made in relation to prior years. The positions taken in tax returns where applicable tax regulation is subject to
interpretation are recognised in full in the determination of the tax charge in the consolidated financial statements if the Group considers that it is
probable that the taxation authority will accept those positions. Otherwise, provisions are established based on the likely amount of the liability, or
recovery, by providing for the single best estimate of the most likely outcome or the weighted average expected value where there are multiple
outcomes.
   The total tax charge includes tax expense attributable to both policyholders and shareholders. The tax expense attributable to policyholders
comprises the tax on the income of the consolidated with-profits and unit-linked funds. In certain jurisdictions, life insurance companies are taxed
on both their shareholders’ profits and on their policyholders’ insurance and investment returns on certain insurance and investment products.
Although both types of tax are included in the total tax charge in the Group’s Consolidated income statement, they are presented separately in the
Consolidated income statement to provide the most relevant information about tax that the Group pays on its profits.
   Deferred taxes are provided under the liability method for all relevant temporary differences. IAS 12 ‘Income Taxes’ does not require all
temporary differences to be provided for, in particular, the Group does not provide for deferred tax on undistributed earnings of subsidiaries where
the Group is able to control the timing of the distribution and the temporary difference created is not expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets are only recognised when it is more likely than not that future taxable profits will be available against which these losses can be
utilised.
   Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realised or the liability settled, based on tax
rates (and laws) that have been enacted or are substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period.

B3.1 Total tax charge by nature
The total tax charge in the income statement is as follows:

                                                                                                                               2022 $m           2021 $m

Attributable to shareholders:
  Hong Kong                                                                                                                        (52)              (40)
  Indonesia                                                                                                                        (60)              (74)
  Malaysia                                                                                                                         (90)              (71)
  Singapore                                                                                                                        (78)              (67)
  Growth markets and other                                                                                                        (144)             (159)
  Eastspring                                                                                                                       (26)              (30)
Total segment                                                                                                                     (450)             (441)
Unallocated to a segment (central operations)                                                                                       (4)              (21)
Tax charge attributable to shareholders                                                                                           (454)             (462)
Attributable to policyholders:
  Hong Kong                                                                                                                        (56)              (79)
  Indonesia                                                                                                                         (5)                4
  Malaysia                                                                                                                           –                (2)
  Singapore                                                                                                                         44              (261)
  Growth markets and other                                                                                                          (4)               (4)
Tax charge attributable to policyholders                                                                                           (21)             (342)
Total tax charge                                                                                                                  (475)             (804)


Profit before tax includes Prudential’s share of profit after tax from the joint ventures and associates that are equity-accounted for. Therefore, the
actual tax charge in the income statement does not include tax arising from the results of joint ventures and associates including CPL.
  The reconciliation of the expected to actual tax charge attributable to shareholders is provided in B3.2 below. The tax charge attributable to
policyholders of $(21) million (2021: $(342) million) above is equal to the profit before tax attributable to policyholders as a result of accounting
for policyholder income after the deduction of expenses and movement in unallocated surpluses on a post-tax basis. The reduction in the tax
charge attributable to policyholders results from the deferred tax impact of policyholder liability movements caused by adverse market
movements in 2022, primarily in Singapore.




306                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                      prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                        Group overview




The total tax charge comprises:




                                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
                                                                                                                                          2022 $m            2021 $m

Current tax expense:
  Corporation tax                                                                                                                             (474)             (405)
  Adjustments in respect of prior years                                                                                                         (7)                6
Total current tax charge                                                                                                                      (481)             (399)

Deferred tax arising from:
  Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                                                                 4           (388)
  Adjustment in respect of a tax loss, tax credit or temporary difference from a prior year                                                         2            (17)

                                                                                                                                                                        Governance
Total deferred tax credit (charge)                                                                                                                  6           (405)
Total tax charge                                                                                                                              (475)             (804)

B3.2 Reconciliation of shareholder effective tax rate
In the reconciliation below, the expected tax rate reflects the corporation tax rates that are expected to apply to the taxable profit or loss for the
period. It reflects the corporation tax rates of each jurisdiction weighted by reference to the amount of profit or loss contributing to the aggregate
result.




                                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                                                           2022                                     2021

                                                                                                         Tax         Percentage                 Tax        Percentage
                                                                                              attributable to            impact      attributable to           impact
                                                                                                shareholders             on ETR        shareholders            on ETR
                                                                                                          $m                  %                  $m                 %

Adjusted operating profit                                                                             3,375                                  3,233
Non-operating result note (i)                                                                        (1,914)                                  (557)
Profit before tax                                                                                     1,461                                  2,676
   Tax charge at the expected rate                                                                     (287)               20%                (539)             20%
   Effects of recurring tax reconciliation items:
      Income not taxable or taxable at concessionary rates note (ii)                                     61               (4)%                  63              (2)%




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
      Deductions and losses not allowable for tax purposes note (iii)                                  (196)              13%                  (92)               3%
      Items related to taxation of life insurance businesses note (iv)                                  108               (7)%                 177              (7)%
      Deferred tax adjustments including unrecognised tax losses note (v)                               (45)                3%                (111)               4%
      Effect of results of joint ventures and associates note (vi)                                        3                 0%                  80              (3)%
      Irrecoverable withholding taxes note (vii)                                                        (55)                4%                 (60)               2%
      Other                                                                                             (15)                0%                  (8)               1%
      Total (charge) credit on recurring items                                                         (139)                9%                  49              (2)%
   Effects of non-recurring tax reconciliation items:
      Adjustments to tax charge in relation to prior years                                                 1                0%                  (11)              0%
      Movements in provisions for open tax matters note (viii)                                           (40)               3%                   47             (2)%




                                                                                                                                                                        European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
      Impact of changes in local statutory tax rates                                                       –                0%                    6               0%
      Adjustments in relation to business disposals and corporate transactions                            11              (1)%                  (14)              1%
      Total (charge) credit on non-recurring items                                                       (28)               2%                  28              (1)%
Total actual tax charge                                                                                (454)               31%                (462)             17%
Analysed into:
  Tax charge on adjusted operating profit                                                              (614)                                  (548)
  Tax credit on non-operating result note (i)                                                           160                                     86
Actual tax rate on:
  Adjusted operating profit:
     Including non-recurring tax reconciling items note (ix)                                           18%                                    17%
     Excluding non-recurring tax reconciling items                                                     17%                                    18%
  Total profit note (ix)                                                                               31%                                    17%




                                                                                                                                                                        Additional information




                                                                                                                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022          307
B Earnings performance / continued




 B3 Tax charge continued
B3.2 Reconciliation of shareholder effective tax rate continued
Notes
(i)    ‘Non-operating result’ is used to refer to items excluded from adjusted operating profit and includes short-term investment fluctuations in investment returns on shareholder-backed business,
       corporate transactions and amortisation of acquisition accounting adjustments. The tax charge on non-operating result is calculated using the tax rates applicable to investment profit or loss
       recorded in the non-operating result for each entity, and then adjusting for any discrete items included in the total tax charge that relate specifically to the amounts (other than investment
       related profit or loss) included in the non-operating result. The difference between this tax on non-operating result and the tax charge calculated on profit before tax is the tax charge on adjusted
       operating profit.
(ii)   Income not taxable or taxable at concessionary rates primarily relates to non-taxable investment income in Malaysia and Singapore.
(iii) Deductions and losses not allowable for tax purposes primarily relates to non-deductible investment losses in Growth markets.
(iv) Items related to taxation of life insurance businesses primarily relates to Hong Kong where the taxable profit is computed as 5 per cent of net insurance premiums.
(v)    The unrecognised tax losses reconciling amount reflects losses arising where it is unlikely that relief for the losses will be available in future years.
(vi) Profit before tax includes Prudential’s share of profit after tax from the joint ventures and associates. Therefore, the actual tax charge does not include tax arising from profit or loss of joint
       ventures and associates and is reflected as a reconciling item.
(vii) The Group incurs withholding tax on remittances received from certain jurisdictions and on certain investment income. Where these withholding taxes cannot be offset against corporate income
       tax or otherwise recovered, they represent a cost to the Group. Irrecoverable withholding tax on remittances is included in Other operations and is not allocated to any segment. Irrecoverable
       withholding tax on investment income is included in the relevant segment where the investment income is reflected.
(viii) The statement of financial position contains the following provisions in relation to open tax matters:
                                                                                                                                                                                                     2022 $m

       Balance at 1 Jan                                                                                                                                                                                (42)
         Movements in the current year included in tax charge attributable to shareholders                                                                                                             (40)
         Other movements (including interest arising on open tax matters and amounts included in the Group’s share of profits from joint
            ventures and associates, net of related tax)                                                                                                                                                  3
       Balance at 31 Dec                                                                                                                                                                               (79)

(ix)   The actual tax rates of the relevant business operations are shown below:
                                                                                                                              2022 %
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Total
                                                                                                                                           Growth                                            attributable
                                                                    Hong                                                                  markets                               Other                  to
                                                                    Kong         Indonesia          Malaysia          Singapore          and other        Eastspring        operations      shareholders

       Tax rate on adjusted operating profit                         6%               20%                26%               16%                24%               10%               (1)%               18%
       Tax rate on profit before tax                              (33)%               20%                26%               16%                14%               10%               (1)%               31%


                                                                                                                              2021 %
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Total
                                                                                                                                           Growth                                            attributable
                                                                    Hong                                                                  markets                               Other                  to
                                                                    Kong         Indonesia          Malaysia          Singapore          and other        Eastspring        operations      shareholders

       Tax rate on adjusted operating profit                          5%               17%               21%                15%               22%                10%               (3)%               17%
       Tax rate on profit before tax                                  4%               17%               21%                15%               27%                10%               (2)%               17%




308                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                               prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                 Group overview




 B4 Earnings per share


                                                                                                                                                                 Strategic report
                                                                                                            2022
                                                                                                                     Net of tax
                                                                                                                      and non-             Basic     Diluted
                                                                      Before                   Non-controlling      controlling        earnings     earnings
                                                                         tax               Tax       interests        interests        per share    per share
                                                                         $m                $m              $m               $m              cents        cents

Based on adjusted operating profit                                    3,375               (614)           (11)          2,750           100.5¢       100.5¢
Short-term fluctuations in investment returns on shareholder-
  backed business                                                    (1,915)              155               2          (1,758)         (64.3)¢       (64.3)¢


                                                                                                                                                                 Governance
Amortisation of acquisition accounting adjustments                      (10)                –               –             (10)          (0.4)¢        (0.4)¢
Gain attaching to corporate transactions                                 11                 5               –              16             0.7¢          0.7¢
Based on profit for the year                                          1,461           (454)                (9)            998            36.5¢        36.5¢


                                                                                                            2021
                                                                                                                     Net of tax
                                                                                                                      and non-             Basic     Diluted
                                                                      Before                   Non-controlling      controlling        earnings     earnings
                                                                         tax               Tax       interests        interests        per share    per share




                                                                                                                                                                 Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                         $m                $m              $m               $m              cents        cents

Based on adjusted operating profit                                    3,233               (548)           (17)          2,668           101.5¢       101.5¢
Short-term fluctuations in investment returns on shareholder-
  backed business                                                      (458)               81              (5)           (382)          (14.5)¢      (14.5)¢
Amortisation of acquisition accounting adjustments                       (5)                –               –              (5)           (0.2)¢       (0.2)¢
Loss attaching to corporate transactions                                (94)                5               –             (89)           (3.4)¢       (3.4)¢
Based on profit for the year                                          2,676           (462)              (22)           2,192            83.4¢        83.4¢
                                                                                                                       (4,234)        (161.1)¢      (161.1)¢
Based on loss from discontinued US operations
                                                                                                                       (2,042)          (77.7)¢      (77.7)¢
Based on loss for the year

Basic earnings per share are calculated based on earnings attributable to ordinary shareholders, after related tax and non-controlling interests,



                                                                                                                                                                 Financial statements
divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year, excluding those held in employee share trusts, which are
treated as cancelled. For diluted earnings per share, the weighted average number of shares in issue is adjusted to assume conversion of all dilutive
potential ordinary shares. The Group’s only class of potentially dilutive ordinary shares are those share options granted to employees where the
exercise price is less than the average market price of the ordinary shares during the year. No adjustment is made if the impact is anti-dilutive
overall.
   The weighted average number of shares for calculating basic and diluted earnings per share, which excludes those held in employee share
trusts, is set out as below:




                                                                                                                                                                 European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Number of shares (in millions)                                                                                                             2022         2021

Weighted average number of shares for calculation of basic earnings per share                                                             2,736        2,628
Shares under option at end of year                                                                                                            1            2
Shares that would have been issued at fair value on assumed option price at end of year                                                      (1)          (2)
Weighted average number of shares for calculation of diluted earnings per share                                                           2,736        2,628




                                                                                                                                                                 Additional information




                                                                                                             Prudential plc Annual Report 2022      309
B Earnings performance / continued




B5 Dividends
                                                                                                   2022                           2021

                                                                                      Cents per share          $m    Cents per share               $m

Dividends relating to reporting year:
  First interim dividend                                                                     5.74¢            154            5.37¢                140
  Second interim dividend                                                                   13.04¢            359           11.86¢                326
Total relating to reporting year                                                            18.78¢            513           17.23¢                466
Dividends paid in reporting year:
  Current year first interim dividend                                                        5.74¢            154            5.37¢                138
  Second interim dividend for prior year                                                    11.86¢            320           10.73¢                283
Total paid in reporting year                                                                17.60¢            474           16.10¢                421


First and second interim dividends are recorded in the period in which they are paid. In addition to the dividends shown in the table above, on
13 September 2021, following approval by the Group’s shareholders, Prudential plc demerged its US operations (Jackson) via a dividend in specie
of $1,735 million.

Dividend per share
The 2022 first interim dividend of 5.74 cents per ordinary share was paid to eligible shareholders on 27 September 2022.
   On 15 May 2023, Prudential will pay a second interim dividend of 13.04 cents per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2022. The
second interim dividend will be paid to shareholders included on the UK register at 5.00pm (Greenwich Mean Time) and to shareholders on the HK
branch register at 4.30pm (Hong Kong Time) on 24 March 2023 (Record Date), and also to the Holders of US American Depositary Receipts
(ADRs) as at 24 March 2023. The second interim dividend will be paid on or about 22 May 2023 to shareholders with shares standing to the credit
of their securities accounts with The Central Depository (Pte) Limited (CDP) at 5.00pm (Singapore Time) on the Record Date.
   Shareholders holding shares on the UK or HK share registers will continue to receive their dividend payments in either GBP or HKD respectively,
unless they elect otherwise. Shareholders holding shares on the UK or HK registers may elect to receive dividend payments in USD. Elections must
be made through the relevant UK or HK share registrar on or before 19 April 2023. The corresponding amounts per share in GBP and HKD are
expected to be announced on or about 27 April 2023. The USD to GBP and HKD conversion rates will be determined by the actual rates achieved
by Prudential buying those currencies prior to the subsequent announcement.
   Holders of ADRs will continue to receive their dividend payments in USD. Shareholders holding an interest in Prudential shares through CDP in
Singapore will continue to receive their dividend payments in SGD at an exchange rate determined by CDP.
   Shareholders on the UK register are eligible to participate in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan.




310                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                  prudentialplc.com
C		 Financial position

                                                                                                                                                         Group overview




C1 Group assets and liabilities by business type


                                                                                                                                                         Strategic report
The analysis below is structured to show the investments and other assets and liabilities of the Group by reference to the differing degrees of
policyholder and shareholder economic interest of the different types of business.
   Debt securities are analysed below according to the issuing government for sovereign debt and to credit ratings for the rest of the securities. The
Group uses the middle of the Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch ratings, where available. Where ratings are not available from these rating
agencies, local external rating agencies’ ratings and lastly internal ratings have been used. Securities with none of the ratings listed above are
classified as unrated and included under the ‘below BBB- and unrated’ category. The total securities (excluding sovereign debt) that were unrated
at 31 December 2022 were $1,152 million (31 December 2021: $1,130 million). Additionally, government debt is shown separately from the rating
breakdowns in order to provide a more focused view of the credit portfolio.


                                                                                                                                                         Governance
   In the table below, AAA is the highest possible rating. Investment grade financial assets are classified within the range of AAA to BBB- ratings.
Financial assets which fall outside this range are classified as below BBB-.




                                                                                                                                                         Directors’ remuneration report




                                                                                                                                                         Financial statements




                                                                                                                                                         European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                                         Additional information




                                                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   311
C Financial position / continued




 C1 Group assets and liabilities by business type continued
                                                                                                                 31 Dec 2022 $m

                                                                                          Asia and Africa
                                                                                                                                                       Elimination
                                                                           Insurance                                                                             of
                                                                                                                                          Unallocated intra-group
                                                                 With-          Unit-                             Elimina-                        to a debtors and      Group
                                                                profits       linked      Other Eastspring           tions        Total     segment       creditors      total
                                                                note (i)      note (i)   note (i)
Debt securities notes (ii)(iv)
Sovereign debt
  Indonesia                                                        482           589        483              3          –       1,557               –            –      1,557
  Singapore                                                      3,240           507        917             67          –       4,731               –            –      4,731
  Thailand                                                           –             –      1,456              –          –       1,456               –            –      1,456
  United Kingdom                                                     –             4          –              –          –           4               –            –          4
  United States                                                 19,983            54      1,854              –          –      21,891               –            –     21,891
  Vietnam                                                            1            12      2,397              –          –       2,410               –            –      2,410
  Other (predominantly Asia)                                     2,041           646      3,288             27          –       6,002               –            –      6,002
Subtotal                                                        25,747        1,812      10,395             97          –      38,051               –            –     38,051
Other government bonds
  AAA                                                            1,480            85       108               –          –         1,673             –            –      1,673
  AA+ to AA-                                                       105            21        27               –          –           153             –            –        153
  A+ to A-                                                         746           139       248               –          –         1,133             –            –      1,133
  BBB+ to BBB-                                                     292            77       134               –          –           503             –            –        503
  Below BBB- and unrated                                           227            22       323               –          –           572             –            –        572
Subtotal                                                         2,850           344       840               –          –         4,034             –            –      4,034
Corporate bonds
  AAA                                                              996          181         362             –           –       1,539               –            –      1,539
  AA+ to AA-                                                     1,951          385       1,556             –           –       3,892               –            –      3,892
  A+ to A-                                                       7,230          524       4,348             –           –      12,102               –            –     12,102
  BBB+ to BBB-                                                   7,885        1,325       3,974             1           –      13,185               –            –     13,185
  Below BBB- and unrated                                         2,090          444       1,282             –           –       3,816               –            –      3,816
Subtotal                                                        20,152        2,859      11,522             1           –      34,534               –            –     34,534
Asset-backed securities
   AAA                                                             168              5      126               –          –          299              –            –        299
   AA+ to AA-                                                        6              1        3               –          –           10              –            –         10
   A+ to A-                                                         20              –       14               –          –           34              –            –         34
   BBB+ to BBB-                                                     14              –        9               –          –           23              –            –         23
   Below BBB- and unrated                                            2              1        1               –          –            4              –            –          4
Subtotal                                                           210              7      153               –          –          370              –            –        370
Total debt securities                                           48,959        5,022      22,910             98          –      76,989               –            –     76,989
Loans
  Mortgage loans                                                     –              –      140               –          –           140             –            –        140
  Policy loans                                                   1,498              –      422               –          –         1,920             –            –      1,920
  Other loans                                                      472              –        4               –          –           476             –            –        476
Total loans                                                      1,970              –      566               –          –         2,536             –            –      2,536
Equity securities and holdings in collective investment
  schemes
  Direct equities                                               13,063       11,379       2,139             61          –      26,642            266             –     26,908
  Collective investment schemes                                 19,057        6,760       4,950              2          –      30,769              2             –     30,771
Total equity securities and holdings in collective investment
   schemes                                                      32,120       18,139       7,089             63          –      57,411            268             –     57,679
Other financial investments note (iii)                           1,793           379      2,816         107             –         5,095         1,749            –      6,844
Total financial investments note (v)                            84,842       23,540      33,381         268             –     142,031           2,017            –    144,048
Investment properties                                                 –             –        37              –          –           37              –            –         37
Investments in joint ventures and associates accounted for
   using the equity method                                           –             –      1,601         314              –      1,915               –            –      1,915
Cash and cash equivalents note (vi)                              1,038           749      1,791         127              –      3,705           1,809            –      5,514
Reinsurers’ share of insurance contract liabilities note C3.3      145             –      2,662           –              –      2,807               –            –      2,807
Other assets note (vii)                                          1,156           154      9,665         713            (67)    11,621           3,409       (3,409)    11,621
Total assets                                                    87,181       24,443      49,137       1,422            (67)   162,116           7,235       (3,409)   165,942

Shareholders’ equity                                                  –             –    14,407       1,058             –      15,465           1,495            –     16,960
Non-controlling interests                                             –             –        43         124             –         167               –            –        167
Total equity                                                          –             –    14,450       1,182             –      15,632           1,495            –     17,127
Contract liabilities and unallocated surplus of with-profits
  funds                                                         77,687       22,842      25,229           –              –    125,758               –            –    125,758
Core structural borrowings                                           –            –           –           –              –          –           4,261            –      4,261
Operational borrowings                                             118            –          86          15              –        219             596            –        815
Other liabilities note (viii)                                    9,376        1,601       9,372         225            (67)    20,507             883       (3,409)    17,981
Total liabilities                                               87,181       24,443      34,687         240            (67)   146,484           5,740       (3,409)   148,815
Total equity and liabilities                                    87,181       24,443      49,137       1,422            (67)   162,116           7,235       (3,409)   165,942

312                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                      prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                    Group overview




                                                                                                                  31 Dec 2021 $m

                                                                                          Asia and Africa




                                                                                                                                                                                    Strategic report
                                                                                                                                                          Elimination
                                                                            Insurance                                                                               of
                                                                                                                                           Unallocated    intra-group
                                                                  With-          Unit-                             Elimina-                        to a   debtors and      Group
                                                                 profits       linked      Other Eastspring           tions        Total     segment         creditors      total
                                                                 note (i)      note (i)   note (i)

Debt securities notes (ii)(iv)
Sovereign debt
  Indonesia                                                         414           598        609             11          –       1,632               –              –       1,632
  Singapore                                                       3,684           550      1,068            126          –       5,428               –              –       5,428
  Thailand                                                            –             –      1,577              3          –       1,580               –              –       1,580



                                                                                                                                                                                    Governance
  United Kingdom                                                      –             7          –              –          –           7             226              –         233
  United States                                                  28,552            47      3,525              –          –      32,124               –              –      32,124
  Vietnam                                                             –            20      3,022              –          –       3,042               –              –       3,042
  Other (predominantly Asia)                                      2,030           720      4,001             21          –       6,772               –              –       6,772
Subtotal                                                         34,680         1,942     13,802            161          –      50,585             226              –      50,811
Other government bonds                                                                                                                 –
  AAA                                                             1,472            86       246               –          –         1,804             –              –       1,804
  AA+ to AA-                                                         45             2        12               –          –            59             –              –          59
  A+ to A-                                                          667           119       304               –          –         1,090             –              –       1,090
  BBB+ to BBB-                                                      121            16       116               –          –           253             –              –         253
  Below BBB- and unrated                                            204            15       450               –          –           669             –              –         669




                                                                                                                                                                                    Directors’ remuneration report
Subtotal                                                          2,509           238      1,128              –          –         3,875             –              –       3,875
Corporate bonds                                                                                                                      –
  AAA                                                             1,222           236        411              –          –       1,869               –              –       1,869
  AA+ to AA-                                                      2,203           359      1,858              –          –       4,420               –              –       4,420
  A+ to A-                                                        9,046           675      5,294              –          –      15,015               –              –      15,015
  BBB+ to BBB-                                                    9,523         1,711      5,105              –          –      16,339               –              –      16,339
  Below BBB- and unrated                                          4,009           678      1,827              –          –       6,514               –              –       6,514
Subtotal                                                         26,003         3,659     14,495              –          –      44,157               –              –      44,157
Asset-backed securities                                                                                                               –
   AAA                                                               88              6       74               –          –          168              –              –        168
   AA+ to AA-                                                         6              1        4               –          –           11              –              –         11
   A+ to A-                                                          26              –       17               –          –           43              –              –         43
   BBB+ to BBB-                                                      15              –        9               –          –           24              –              –         24




                                                                                                                                                                                    Financial statements
   Below BBB- and unrated                                             2              2        1               –          –            5              –              –          5
Subtotal                                                            137              9      105               –          –          251              –              –        251
Total debt securities                                            63,329         5,848     29,530            161          –      98,868             226              –      99,094
Loans                                                                                                                                  –
  Mortgage loans                                                      –              –      150               –          –           150             –              –         150
  Policy loans                                                    1,365              –      368               –          –         1,733             –              –       1,733
  Other loans                                                       668              –       11               –          –           679             –              –         679
Total loans                                                       2,033              –      529               –          –         2,562             –              –       2,562
Equity securities and holdings in collective investment
  schemes




                                                                                                                                                                                    European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
  Direct equities                                                10,290       12,812       2,286            84           –      25,472             683              –      26,155
  Collective investment schemes                                  23,950        7,704       3,787             3           –      35,444               2              –      35,446
Total equity securities and holdings in collective investment
   schemes                                                       34,240       20,516       6,073            87           –      60,916             685              –      61,601
Other financial investments note (iii)                            1,561           149      2,318            106          –         4,134         1,088              –       5,222
Total financial investments note (v)                            101,163       26,513      38,450            354          –     166,480           1,999              –     168,479
Investment properties                                                  –             –       38               –          –           38              –              –         38
Investments in joint ventures and associates accounted for
   using the equity method                                            –             –      1,878            305           –      2,183               –              –       2,183
Cash and cash equivalents note (vi)                                 905           911      1,444            181           –      3,441           3,729              –       7,170
Reinsurers’ share of insurance contract liabilities note C3.3       225             –      9,528              –           –      9,753               –              –       9,753
Other assets note (vii)                                           1,184           166      9,191            759         (51)    11,249           3,608         (3,378)     11,479
Total assets                                                    103,477       27,590      60,529       1,599            (51)   193,144           9,336         (3,378)    199,102

Shareholders’ equity                                                   –             –    14,289       1,120             –      15,409           1,679              –      17,088
Non-controlling interests                                              –             –        45         131             –         176               –              –         176
Total equity                                                           –             –    14,334       1,251             –      15,585           1,679              –      17,264




                                                                                                                                                                                    Additional information
Contract liabilities and unallocated surplus of with-profits
  funds                                                          94,002       25,651      37,646              –           –    157,299               –              –     157,299
Core structural borrowings                                            –            –           –              –           –          –           6,127              –       6,127
Operational borrowings                                              142            –         106             18           –        266             595              –         861
Other liabilities note (viii)                                     9,333        1,939       8,443            330         (51)    19,994             935         (3,378)     17,551
Total liabilities                                               103,477       27,590      46,195            348         (51)   177,559           7,657         (3,378)    181,838
Total equity and liabilities                                    103,477       27,590      60,529       1,599            (51)   193,144           9,336         (3,378)    199,102




                                                                                                                          Prudential plc Annual Report 2022              313
C Financial position / continued




 C1 Group assets and liabilities by business type continued
Notes
(i)   ‘With-profits’ comprises the with-profits assets and liabilities of the Hong Kong, Malaysia and Singapore operations. ‘Unit-linked’ comprises the assets and liabilities held in the unit-linked funds.
      ‘Other’ includes assets and liabilities of other participating business and other non-linked shareholder-backed business.
(ii)  Of the Group’s debt securities, the following amounts were held by the consolidated investment funds.
                                                                                                                                                                         31 Dec 2022            31 Dec 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                     $m                   $m

        Debt securities held by consolidated investment funds                                                                                                                  11,899               15,076

(iii)   Other financial investments comprise derivative assets and deposits.
(iv)    The credit ratings, information or data contained in this report which are attributed and specifically provided by Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch Solutions and their respective affiliates and
        suppliers (‘Content Providers’) is referred to here as the ‘Content’. Reproduction of any Content in any form is prohibited except with the prior written permission of the relevant party. The Content
        Providers do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, completeness, timeliness or availability of any Content and are not responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless
        of the cause, or for the results obtained from the use of such Content. The Content Providers expressly disclaim liability for any damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including lost
        income or lost profit and opportunity costs) in connection with any use of the Content. A reference to a particular investment or security, a rating or any observation concerning an investment
        that is part of the Content is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any such investment or security, nor does it address the suitability of an investment or security and should not be relied on
        as investment advice.
(v)     Of the total financial investments of $144,048 million as at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: $168,479 million), $68,955 million (31 December 2021: $71,524 million) are expected to
        be recovered within one year, including equity securities and holdings in collective investment schemes.
(vi)    Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash at bank and in hand, deposits held at call with banks, treasury bills and other short-term highly liquid investments with less than 90 days maturity from
        the date of acquisition and are analysed as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                            31 Dec 2022           31 Dec 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                       $m                  $m

        Cash                                                                                                                                                                     1,878                1,902
        Cash equivalents                                                                                                                                                         3,636                5,268
        Total cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                          5,514                7,170
        Analysed as:
          Held by the Group’s holding and non-regulated entities and available for general use                                                                                   1,809                3,729
          Other funds not available for general use by the Group, including funds held for the benefit of policyholders                                                          3,705                3,441
        Total cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                          5,514                7,170
        * 	The Group’s cash and cash equivalents are held in the following currencies as at 31 December 2022: USD 45 per cent, GBP 11 per cent, HKD 5 per cent, SGD 5 per cent, MYR 14 per cent and
            other currencies 20 per cent (31 December 2021: USD 59 per cent, GBP 7 per cent, HKD 3 per cent, SGD 3 per cent, MYR 9 per cent and other currencies 19 per cent).

(vii)   ‘Other assets’ at 31 December 2022, comprise goodwill, intangibles (including deferred acquisition costs), property, plant and equipment (see note C11), tax balances and accrued investment
        income and other debtors, which are analysed as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                      31 Dec 2022        31 Dec 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                $m                $m

        Interest receivable                                                                                                                                                        885                  872
        Other accrued income                                                                                                                                                       250                  299
        Total accrued investment income                                                                                                                                          1,135                1,171
        Amounts receivable due from:
          Policyholders                                                                                                                                                            644                  686
          Intermediaries                                                                                                                                                             –                    4
          Reinsurers                                                                                                                                                               192                  226
        Other sundry debtors                                                                                                                                                       858                  863
        Total other debtors                                                                                                                                                      1,694                1,779
        Total accrued investment income and other debtors                                                                                                                        2,829                2,950
        Analysed as:
          Expected to be settled within one year                                                                                                                                 2,700                2,761
          Expected to be settled beyond one year                                                                                                                                   129                  189
                                                                                                                                                                                 2,829                2,950

(viii) Within ‘Other liabilities’ at 31 December 2022 are accruals, deferred income and other liabilities of $8,777 million (31 December 2021: $7,983 million), which are analysed as follows (detailed
       maturity analysis is provided in note C2.3):
                                                                                                                                                                      31 Dec 2022          31 Dec 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                $m                    $m

        Accruals and deferred income                                                                                                                                               539                  565
        Creditors arising from direct insurance and reinsurance operations                                                                                                       3,000                1,120
        Interest payable                                                                                                                                                            59                   77
        Funds withheld under reinsurance agreements                                                                                                                              2,040                1,545
        Other creditors                                                                                                                                                          3,139                4,676
        Total accruals, deferred income and other creditors                                                                                                                      8,777                7,983




314                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                                prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                          Group overview




C2 Fair value measurement


                                                                                                                                                          Strategic report
The Group uses the trade date method to account for regular purchases and sales of financial assets. The Group holds financial assets in
accordance with IAS 39, whereby subject to specific criteria, financial instruments are required to be accounted for under one of the following
categories:
> Financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL): this comprises assets and liabilities designated by management as
  FVTPL on inception and derivatives. This includes instruments that are managed and the performance evaluated on a fair value basis, including
  liabilities related to net assets attributable to unit holders of consolidated investment funds and policyholder liabilities for investment contracts
  without discretionary participation features. All investments within this category are measured at fair value with all changes thereon being
  recognised in investment return in the income statement.

                                                                                                                                                          Governance
> Financial investments on an available-for-sale (AFS) basis: this comprises assets that are designated by management as AFS and/or do not fall
  into any of the other categories. These assets are initially recognised at fair value plus attributable transaction costs and are subsequently
  measured at fair value. Interest and/or dividend income is recognised in the income statement. Unrealised gains and losses are recognised in
  other comprehensive income. Upon disposal or impairment, accumulated unrealised gains and losses are transferred from other comprehensive
  income to the income statement as realised gains or losses. Subsequent to the demerger of Jackson in September 2021, the Group has
  designated its retained interest in Jackson (as described in note D1.2) as AFS equity securities.
> Loans and receivables: except for those designated as FVTPL or AFS, these instruments comprise non-quoted investments that have fixed or
  determinable payments, including loans collateralised by mortgages, deposits, loans to policyholders and other unsecured loans and




                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ remuneration report
  receivables. These investments are initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs. Subsequently, these instruments are carried at
  amortised cost using the effective interest method. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts
  through the expected life of the financial instrument or, when appropriate, a shorter period to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.
  When assets held at amortised cost are subject to impairment testing, estimated future cash flows are compared to the carrying value of the
  asset. The estimated future cash flows are discounted using the financial asset’s original or variable effective interest rate and exclude credit
  losses that have not yet been incurred. If, in subsequent periods, an impaired loan or receivable recovers in value (in part or in full) and this
  recovery can be objectively related to an event occurring after the impairment, then any amount determined to have been recovered is reversed
  through the income statement.

C2.1 Determination of fair value
The fair values of the financial instruments for which fair valuation is required under IFRS Standards are determined by the use of quoted market
prices for exchange-quoted investments, or by using quotations from independent third parties, such as brokers and pricing services or by using




                                                                                                                                                          Financial statements
appropriate valuation techniques.
   The estimated fair value of derivative financial instruments reflects the estimated amount the Group would receive or pay in an arm’s-length
transaction. This amount is determined using quoted prices if exchange listed, quotations from independent third parties or valued internally
using standard market practices.
   Other than the loans which have been designated at fair value through profit or loss, the carrying value of loans and receivables is presented net
of provisions for impairment. The fair value of loans is estimated from discounted cash flows expected to be received.
   The fair value of the subordinated and senior debt issued by the parent company is determined using quoted prices from independent third
parties.
   The fair value of financial liabilities (other than subordinated debt, senior debt and derivative financial instruments) is determined using




                                                                                                                                                          European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
discounted cash flows of the amounts expected to be paid.

Valuation approach for level 2 fair valued assets and liabilities
A significant proportion of the Group’s level 2 assets are corporate bonds, structured securities and other non-national government debt securities.
These assets, in line with market practice, are generally valued using a designated independent pricing service or quote from third-party brokers.
These valuations are subject to a number of monitoring controls, such as comparison to multiple pricing sources where available, monthly price
variances, stale price reviews and variance analysis on prices achieved on subsequent trades.
   When prices are not available from pricing services, quotes are sourced directly from brokers. Prudential seeks to obtain a number of quotes
from different brokers so as to obtain the most comprehensive information available on their executability. The selected quote is the one which
best represents an executable quote for the security at the measurement date.
   Generally, no adjustment is made to the prices obtained from independent third parties. Adjustments are made in only limited circumstances,
where it is determined that the third-party valuations obtained do not reflect fair value (eg either because the value is stale and/or the values are
extremely diverse in range). Securities valued in such manner are classified as level 3 where these significant inputs are not based on observable
market data.

Valuation approach for level 3 fair valued assets and liabilities




                                                                                                                                                          Additional information
Investments valued using valuation techniques include financial investments which by their nature do not have an externally quoted price based
on regular trades, and financial investments for which markets are no longer active as a result of market conditions, eg market illiquidity.
   The Group’s valuation policies, procedures and analyses for instruments categorised as level 3 are overseen by Business Unit committees as
part of the Group’s wider financial reporting governance processes. The procedures undertaken include approval of valuation methodologies,
verification processes, and resolution of significant or complex valuation issues. In addition, the Group has minimum standards for independent
price verification to ensure valuation accuracy is regularly independently verified. Adherence to this policy is monitored across the business units.



                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   315
C Financial position / continued




C2 Fair value measurement continued
C2.2 Fair value measurement hierarchy of Group assets and liabilities
(a) Assets and liabilities carried at fair value on the statement of financial position
The table below shows the assets and liabilities carried at fair value analysed by level of the IFRS 13 ‘Fair Value Measurement’ defined fair value
hierarchy. This hierarchy is based on the inputs to the fair value measurement and reflects the lowest level input that is significant to that
measurement.
   All assets and liabilities held at fair value are classified as fair value through profit or loss, except for $266 million of financial assets classified as
available-for-sale at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: $909 million), all of which (31 December 2021: $683 million) related to the Group’s
retained interest in Jackson’s equity securities. All assets and liabilities held at fair value are measured on a recurring basis. As of 31 December
2022, the Group did not have any financial instruments that are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis.

Financial instruments at fair value

                                                                                                                         31 Dec 2022 $m

                                                                                                        Level 1          Level 2           Level 3

                                                                                                  Quoted prices Valuation based Valuation based
                                                                                                   (unadjusted)   on significant  on significant
                                                                                                       in active     observable   unobservable
                                                                                                       markets    market inputs   market inputs                Total
                                                                                                                         note (i)        note (ii)

Loans                                                                                                       –              447                 3               450
Equity securities and holdings in collective investment schemes                                        49,725            7,130               824            57,679
Debt securities                                                                                        57,215           19,736                38            76,989
Derivative assets                                                                                          82              487                 –               569
Derivative liabilities                                                                                   (778)            (223)                –            (1,001)
Total financial investments, net of derivative liabilities                                           106,244            27,577               865           134,686
Investment contract liabilities without discretionary participation features                               –              (741)                –              (741)
Net asset value attributable to unit holders of consolidated investment funds                         (4,193)                –                 –            (4,193)
Total financial instruments at fair value                                                            102,051            26,836               865           129,752
Percentage of total (%)                                                                                 78%               21%                 1%             100%

Analysed by business type:
Financial investments net of derivative liabilities, at fair value
   With-profits                                                                                        65,880           14,605               748            81,233
   Unit-linked                                                                                         21,319            1,851                 4            23,174
   Non-linked shareholder-backed business                                                              19,045           11,121               113            30,279
Total financial investments net of derivative liabilities, at fair value                             106,244            27,577               865           134,686
Percentage of total (%)                                                                                 78%               21%                 1%             100%

Total financial investments net of derivative liabilities, at fair value                             106,244            27,577               865           134,686
Other financial liabilities at fair value                                                             (4,193)             (741)                –            (4,934)
Total financial instruments at fair value                                                            102,051            26,836               865           129,752




316                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                               prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Group overview




                                                                                                                                                              31 Dec 2021 $m

                                                                                                                                         Level 1               Level 2              Level 3




                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Strategic report
                                                                                                                                 Quoted prices Valuation based Valuation based
                                                                                                                                  (unadjusted)   on significant  on significant
                                                                                                                                      in active     observable   unobservable
                                                                                                                                      markets    market inputs   market inputs                              Total
                                                                                                                                                        note (i)        note (ii)

Loans                                                                                                                                        –                   616                     5                  621
Equity securities and holdings in collective investment schemes                                                                         54,107                 6,917                   577               61,601
Debt securities                                                                                                                         76,049                22,987                    58               99,094
Derivative assets                                                                                                                          359                   122                     –                  481
Derivative liabilities                                                                                                                    (146)                 (116)                    –                 (262)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Governance
Total financial investments, net of derivative liabilities                                                                            130,369                 30,526                   640             161,535
Investment contract liabilities without discretionary participation features                                                                –                   (814)                    –                (814)
Net asset value attributable to unit holders of consolidated investment funds                                                          (5,618)                   (46)                    –              (5,664)
Total financial instruments at fair value                                                                                             124,751                 29,666                   640             155,057
Percentage of total (%)                                                                                                                  81%                    19%                     0%               100%

Analysed by business type:
Financial investments net of derivative liabilities, at fair value




                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Directors’ remuneration report
   With-profits                                                                                                                         82,489                15,438                   506               98,433
   Unit-linked                                                                                                                          24,024                 2,343                     5               26,372
   Non-linked shareholder-backed business                                                                                               23,856                12,745                   129               36,730
Total financial investments net of derivative liabilities, at fair value                                                              130,369                 30,526                   640             161,535
Percentage of total (%)                                                                                                                  81%                    19%                     0%               100%

Total financial investments net of derivative liabilities, at fair value                                                              130,369                 30,526                   640             161,535
Other financial liabilities at fair value                                                                                              (5,618)                  (860)                    –              (6,478)
Total financial instruments at fair value                                                                                             124,751                 29,666                   640             155,057

Notes




                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial statements
(i)   Of the total level 2 debt securities of $19,736 million at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: $22,987 million), $37 million (31 December 2021: $24 million) are valued internally.
(ii)  At 31 December 2022, the Group held $865 million (31 December 2021: $640 million) of net financial instruments at fair value within level 3. This represents less than 1 per cent of the total
      fair-valued financial assets, net of financial liabilities, for both years and comprises the following items:
      –	Equity securities and holdings in collective investment schemes of $824 million (31 December 2021: $557 million) consisting primarily of property and infrastructure funds held by the
           participating funds, which are externally valued using the net asset value of the invested entities. Equity securities of $1 million (31 December 2021: $1 million) are internally valued,
           representing less than 0.1 per cent for all periods of the total fair-valued financial assets net of financial liabilities. Internal valuations are inherently more subjective than external valuations;
           and
      – Other sundry individual financial instruments of a net asset of $41 million (31 December 2021: net asset of $63 million).
      Of the net financial instruments of $865 million at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: $640 million) referred to above:
      –	A net asset of $752 million (31 December 2021: $511 million) is held by the Group’s with-profits and unit-linked funds and therefore shareholders’ profit and equity are not impacted by
           movements in the valuation of these financial instruments; and
      –	A net asset of $113 million (31 December 2021: $129 million) is held to support non-linked shareholder-backed business, of which $111 million (31 December 2021: $112 million) are




                                                                                                                                                                                                                      European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
           primarily private equity investments and corporate bonds externally valued using the net asset value of the invested entities and external prices adjusted to reflect the specific known
           conditions relating to these bonds (eg distressed securities) and are therefore inherently less subjective than internal valuations. If the value of all these level 3 financial instruments
           decreased by 10 per cent, the change in valuation would be $(11) million (31 December 2021: $(13) million), which would reduce shareholders’ equity by this amount before tax.
           All of this amount would pass through the income statement substantially as part of short-term fluctuations in investment returns outside of adjusted operating profit.

(b) Transfers into and transfers out of levels
The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers into and out of levels as of the end of each reporting period except for material transfers which are
recognised as of the date of the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer. Transfers are deemed to have occurred when there is a
material change in the observed valuation inputs or a change in the level of trading activities of the securities.
   During 2022, the transfers between levels within the portfolios were primarily transfers from level 1 to level 2 of $2,640 million (31 December
2021: $3,789 million) and transfers from level 2 to level 1 of $1,982 million (31 December 2021: $1,742 million). These transfers primarily reflect
the change in the observed valuation inputs of equity securities and debt securities and, in certain cases, the change in the level of trading
activities of the securities. There were transfers from level 3 to level 2 of $15 million in the year (31 December 2021: $12 million) and no transfers
into level 3 (31 December 2021: $30 million).




                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Additional information




                                                                                                                                                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                  317
C Financial position / continued




 C2 Fair value measurement continued
C2.2 Fair value measurement hierarchy of Group assets and liabilities continued
Reconciliation of movements in level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value
The following table reconciles the value of level 3 fair valued assets and liabilities at the beginning and end of the years shown.
   Total investment return recorded in the income statement represents interest and dividend income, realised gains and losses, unrealised gains
and losses on the assets classified at fair value through profit and loss and foreign exchange movements on an individual entity’s overseas
investments. Total gains and losses recorded in other comprehensive income comprises the translation of investments into the Group’s
presentational currency of USD.

                                                                                                                                                              2022 $m

                                                                                                                                            Equity securities
                                                                                                                                             and holdings in
                                                                                                                                                   collective
                                                                                                                                                 investment                     Debt                 Group
                                                                                                                                      Loans         schemes                 securities                total

Balance at 1 Jan                                                                                                                            5                577                    58                 640
Total losses in income statement note                                                                                                      (2)               (31)                   (2)                (35)
Total losses recorded in other comprehensive income                                                                                         –                 (6)                   (3)                 (9)
Purchases and other additions                                                                                                               –                305                     –                 305
Sales                                                                                                                                       –                (21)                    –                 (21)
Transfers out of level 3                                                                                                                    –                  –                   (15)                (15)
Balance at 31 Dec                                                                                                                           3                824                    38                 865


                                                                                                                                                              2021 $m

                                                                                                                                            Equity securities
                                                                                                                                             and holdings in
                                                                                                                                                   collective
                                                                                                                                                 investment                     Debt                 Group
                                                                                                                                      Loans         schemes                 securities                total

Balance at 1 Jan                                                                                                                            6                445                    33                 484
Total (losses) gains in income statement note                                                                                              (1)                 6                    (3)                  2
Total losses recorded in other comprehensive income                                                                                         –                 (5)                   (2)                 (7)
Purchases and other additions                                                                                                               –                143                     –                 143
Transfers (out of) into level 3                                                                                                             –                (12)                   30                  18
Balance at 31 Dec                                                                                                                           5                577                    58                 640

Note
Of the total net losses in the income statement of $(35) million in 2022 (2021: net gains of $2 million), $(12) million (2021: $2 million) relates to net unrealised gains and losses of financial instruments
still held at the end of the year, which can be analysed as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                  2022                  2021
                                                                                                                                                                                    $m                    $m

Loans                                                                                                                                                                               (2)                  (1)
Equity securities and holdings in collective investment schemes                                                                                                                     (8)                   6
Debt securities                                                                                                                                                                     (2)                  (3)
Total net (losses) gains                                                                                                                                                           (12)                   2

(c) Assets and liabilities at amortised cost and their fair value
The table below shows the financial assets and liabilities carried at amortised cost on the statement of financial position and their fair value. Cash
deposits, accrued income, other debtors, accruals, deferred income and other liabilities are excluded from the analysis below, as these are carried
at amortised cost which approximates fair value. The carrying value of investment contracts with discretionary participation features is on an
IFRS 4 basis, which is also excluded from the analysis below, as it is impractical to determine the fair value of these contracts due to the lack of
a reliable basis to measure participation features.

                                                                                                                                             31 Dec 2022 $m                               31 Dec 2021 $m

                                                                                                                                 Carrying                  Fair              Carrying                  Fair
                                                                                                                                    value                 value                 value                 value

Assets
Loans                                                                                                                              2,086                2,207                   1,941               2,152
Liabilities
Core structural borrowings of shareholder-financed businesses                                                                     (4,261)              (3,834)                 (6,127)              (6,565)
Operational borrowings (excluding lease liabilities)                                                                                (516)                (516)                   (514)                (514)
Obligations under funding, securities lending and sale and repurchase agreements                                                    (582)                (582)                   (223)                (223)
Total net financial liabilities at amortised cost                                                                                 (3,273)              (2,725)                 (4,923)              (5,150)


318                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                                prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                        Group overview




The fair value of the assets and liabilities in the table above, with the exception of the subordinated and senior debt issued by the parent company,
has been estimated from the discounted cash flows expected to be received or paid. All the assets and liabilities in the table above have been



                                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
classified within level 2 at 31 December 2022 and 2021, reflecting the observability of the inputs used to derive their fair value. The fair value of
the subordinated and senior debt issued by the parent company is determined using quoted prices from independent third parties.

C2.3 Additional information on financial instruments
(a) Financial risk
Liquidity analysis
Contractual maturities of financial liabilities on an undiscounted cash flow basis
The following table sets out the contractual maturities for applicable classes of financial liabilities, excluding derivative liabilities and investment
contracts that are separately presented. The financial liabilities are included in the column relating to the contractual maturities of the


                                                                                                                                                                        Governance
undiscounted cash flows (including contractual interest payments) based on the earliest period in which the Group can be required to pay
assuming conditions are consistent with those of year end.

                                                                                         31 Dec 2022 $m

                                                                              Contractual maturity profile for financial liabilities

                                               Total                                                                                                            Total
                                            carrying    1 year      1-2       2-5         5-10         10-15         15-20          Over   No stated    undiscounted
                                               value    or less   years     years        years         years         years      20 years    maturity       cash flows

Core structural borrowings of




                                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ remuneration report
  shareholder-financed
  businesses note C5.1                       4,261       509      124        370        2,598         1,024              –             –       750            5,375
Lease liabilities under IFRS 16 note C5.2      299       101       76        127           28             9              –             –         –              341
Other operational borrowings note C5.2         516       516        –          –            –             –              –             –         –              516
Obligations under funding,
  securities lending and sale and
  repurchase agreements                        582       582         –          –             –             –            –             –            –           582
Accruals, deferred income and
  other liabilities                          8,777      6,258        –          –             –             –            –             –     2,519            8,777
Net asset value attributable to unit
  holders of consolidated unit
  trusts and similar funds                   4,193      4,193        –          –             –             –            –             –            –         4,193




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
Total financial liabilities                 18,628     12,159     200        497        2,626         1,033              –             –     3,269           19,784


                                                                                         31 Dec 2021 $m

                                                                              Contractual maturity profile for financial liabilities

                                               Total                                                                                                            Total
                                            carrying    1 year      1-2       2-5         5-10         10-15         15-20          Over   No stated    undiscounted
                                               value    or less   years     years        years         years         years      20 years    maturity       cash flows

Core structural borrowings of
  shareholder-financed




                                                                                                                                                                        European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
  businesses note C5.1                       6,127      1,872     551        702        1,817         1,642              –             –       750            7,334
Lease liabilities under IFRS 16 note C5.2      347        110      81        135           45            11              –             –         –              382
Other operational borrowings note C5.2         514        514       –          –            –             –              –             –         –              514
Obligations under funding,
  securities lending and sale and
  repurchase agreements                        223       223         –          –             –             –            –             –            –           223
Accruals, deferred income and
  other liabilities                          7,983      5,972        –          –             –             –            –             –      2,011           7,983
Net asset value attributable to unit
  holders of consolidated unit
  trusts and similar funds                   5,664      5,664        –          –             –             –            –             –            –         5,664
Total financial liabilities                 20,858     14,355     632        837        1,862         1,653              –             –      2,761          22,100




                                                                                                                                                                        Additional information




                                                                                                                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022       319
C Financial position / continued




C2 Fair value measurement continued
C2.3 Additional information on financial instruments continued
Maturity analysis of derivatives
The following table shows the carrying value of the gross and net derivative positions.

                                                                                                                    Carrying value of net derivatives $m

                                                                                                                                                               Net
                                                                                                                   Derivative        Derivative          derivative
                                                                                                                       assets         liabilities         position

31 Dec 2022                                                                                                             569             (1,001)               (432)
31 Dec 2021                                                                                                             481               (262)                219


All net derivatives have been included at fair value due within one year or less, representing the basis on which they are managed (ie to manage
principally asset or liability value exposures). The Group has no cash flow hedges and, in general, contractual maturities are not considered
essential for an understanding of the timing of the cash flows for these instruments.

Maturity analysis of investment contracts
The table below shows the maturity profile for investment contracts based on undiscounted cash flow projections of expected benefit payments.

                                                                              Maturity profile for investment contracts $m

                                                         Total                                                                                                Total
                                                      carrying   1 year          1-5          5-10         10-15             15-20         Over       undiscounted
                                                         value   or less       years         years         years             years     20 years          cash flows

31 Dec 2022                                              420        11         369             98             22                8              4               512
31 Dec 2021                                              459        14         442             63             16                6              2               543


The undiscounted cash flows in the maturity profile shown above excludes contracts which have no stated maturity but which are repayable on
demand.
   Most investment contracts have options to surrender early, often subject to surrender or other penalties. Therefore, most contracts can be said
to have a contractual maturity of less than one year, but the additional charges and term of the contracts mean these are unlikely to be exercised
in practice and the more useful information is to present information on expected payment.
   The vast majority of the Group’s financial assets are held to back the Group’s policyholder liabilities. Although asset/liability matching is an
important component of managing policyholder liabilities (both those classified as insurance and those classified as investments), this profile is
mainly relevant for managing market risk rather than liquidity risk. Within each business unit, this asset/liability matching is performed on a
portfolio-by-portfolio basis.
   In terms of liquidity risk, a large proportion of the policyholder liabilities contain discretionary surrender values or surrender charges, meaning
that many of the Group’s liabilities are expected to be held for the long term. Much of the Group’s investment portfolios are in marketable
securities, which can therefore be converted quickly to liquid assets.
   For the reasons provided above, an analysis of the Group’s assets by contractual maturity is not considered meaningful to evaluate the nature
and extent of the Group’s liquidity risk.

Credit risk
The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk of financial instruments before any allowance for collateral or allocation of losses to policyholders is
represented by the carrying value of financial instruments on the balance sheet that have exposures to credit risk comprising cash and cash
equivalents, deposits, debt securities, loans and derivative assets, accrued investment income and other debtors. Further details of collateral in
place in relation to derivatives, securities lending, repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements and other transactions are provided in note (c)
below. The Group’s exposure to credit risk is further discussed in the Risk review report.
  Of the total loans and receivables held at 31 December 2022, $6 million (31 December 2021: $7 million) are past their due date but are not
impaired, of which $1 million are less than one year past their due date (31 December 2021: $2 million). The Group expects full recovery of these
loans and receivables.
  There are no financial assets that would have been past due or impaired had the terms not been renegotiated in both years.
  In addition, the Group did not take possession of any other collateral held as security in both years.




320               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                 prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                           Group overview




Foreign exchange risk
As at 31 December 2022, the Group held 27 per cent (31 December 2021: 26 per cent) of its financial assets and 64 per cent (31 December 2021:



                                                                                                                                                           Strategic report
63 per cent) of its financial liabilities in currencies mainly USD, other than the functional currency of the relevant business units or the currency to
which the functional currency is pegged (eg financial assets and liabilities of USD denominated business in Hong Kong). The exchange risks
inherent in these exposures are mitigated through the use of derivatives, mainly forward currency contracts and currency swaps as described in
note (b) below.
  The amount of exchange gain recognised in the income statement in 2022, except for those arising on financial instruments measured at fair
value through profit or loss, is $234 million (2021: loss of $(132) million).

(b) Derivatives and hedging
Derivative financial instruments are used to reduce or manage investment, interest rate and currency exposures, to facilitate efficient portfolio


                                                                                                                                                           Governance
management and for investment purposes.
   The Group does not regularly seek to apply fair value or cash flow hedging treatment under IAS 39. The Group has no net investment, fair value
or cash flow hedges under IAS 39 at 31 December 2022 and 2021. All derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments are carried at fair
value, with movements in fair value being recorded in the income statement.
   Embedded derivatives are embedded within other non-derivative host financial instruments and insurance contracts to create hybrid
instruments. Embedded derivatives meeting the definition of an insurance contract are accounted for under IFRS 4. Where economic
characteristics and risks of the embedded derivatives are not closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the host instrument, and
where the hybrid instrument is not measured at fair value with the changes in fair value recognised in the income statement, the embedded
derivative is required to be bifurcated and carried at fair value as a derivative measured in accordance with IAS 39.




                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ remuneration report
   In addition, the Group applies the option under IFRS 4 to not separate and fair value surrender options embedded in host contracts and
with-profits investment contracts whose strike price is either a fixed amount or a fixed amount plus interest.

Derivatives held and their purpose
The Group enters into a variety of exchange traded and over-the-counter derivative financial instruments, including futures, options, forward
contracts, swaps and swaptions.
   All over-the-counter derivative transactions are conducted under standardised ISDA (International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc)
master agreements and collateral agreements are in place between the individual entities and relevant counterparties under each of these
market master agreements.
   Derivatives are used for efficient portfolio management to obtain cost effective and management of exposure to various markets in
accordance with the Group’s investment strategies and to manage exposure to interest rate, currency, credit and other business risks. The Group
also uses interest rate derivatives to reduce exposure to interest rate volatility.



                                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
(c) Derecognition, collateral and offsetting
Derecognition of financial assets and liabilities
The Group’s policy is to derecognise financial assets when it is deemed that substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership have been
transferred.
   The Group derecognises financial liabilities only when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or has expired.

Reverse repurchase agreements
The Group is party to various reverse repurchase agreements under which securities are purchased from third parties with an obligation to resell




                                                                                                                                                           European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
the securities. The securities are not recognised as investments in the statement of financial position but the right to receive the cash paid is
recognised as deposits.
   The Group has entered into reverse repurchase transactions under which it purchased securities and had taken on the obligation to resell the
securities. At 31 December 2022, the fair value of the collateral held in respect of these transactions, which is represented by the purchased
securities, was $3,244 million (31 December 2021: $2,149 million).

Securities lending and repurchase agreements
The Group is also party to various securities lending agreements (including repurchase agreements) under which securities are loaned to third
parties on a short-term basis. The loaned securities are not derecognised; rather, they continue to be recognised within the appropriate investment
classification. To the extent cash collateral is received it is recognised on the statement of financial position with the obligation to repay the cash
paid recognised as a liability. Other collateral is not recognised.
   At 31 December 2022, the Group had $1,571 million (31 December 2021: $854 million) of lent securities and assets subject to repurchase
agreements. The cash and securities collateral held or pledged under such agreements were $1,679 million (31 December 2021: $913 million).




                                                                                                                                                           Additional information




                                                                                                        Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    321
C Financial position / continued




 C2 Fair value measurement continued
C2.3 Additional information on financial instruments continued
Collateral and pledges under derivative transactions
At 31 December 2022, the Group had pledged $62 million (31 December 2021: $99 million) for liabilities and held collateral of $234 million
(31 December 2021: $50 million) in respect of over-the-counter derivative transactions. These transactions are conducted under terms that are
usual and customary to collateralised transactions including, where relevant, standard securities lending and repurchase agreements.
  The Group has entered into collateral arrangements in relation to over-the-counter derivative transactions, which permit sale or re-pledging of
underlying collateral. The Group has not sold any collateral held or re-pledged any collateral.
  All over-the-counter derivative transactions are conducted under standardised International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) master
agreements. The collateral management for these transactions is conducted under the usual and customary terms and conditions set out in the
Credit Support Annex to the ISDA master agreement.

Offsetting assets and liabilities
The Group’s derivative instruments, repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements are subject to master netting arrangements and
collateral arrangements. A master netting arrangement with a counterparty creates a right of offset for amounts due to and due from that same
counterparty that is enforceable in the event of a default or bankruptcy. The Group recognises amounts subject to master netting arrangements
on a gross basis within the consolidated balance sheets.
  The following tables present the gross and net information about the Group’s financial instruments subject to master netting arrangements:

                                                                                                                                              31 Dec 2022 $m
                                                                                                                           Related amounts not offset in the balance sheet
                                                                                                      Gross amount
                                                                                                     included in the            Financial                 Cash            Securities                   Net
                                                                                                      balance sheet          instruments             collateral           collateral               amount
                                                                                                             note (i)             note (ii)                                 note (iii)             note (iv)

Financial assets:
   Derivative assets                                                                                             457                 (179)                (217)                  –                          61
   Reverse repurchase agreements                                                                               3,174                    –                    –              (3,174)                          –
Total financial assets                                                                                         3,631                 (179)                (217)             (3,174)                         61
Financial liabilities:
   Derivative liabilities                                                                                       (284)                 179                    27                   6                     (72)
   Securities lending and repurchase agreements                                                                 (582)                   –                    13                 566                      (3)
Total financial liabilities                                                                                     (866)                 179                    40                 572                     (75)


                                                                                                                                              31 Dec 2021 $m
                                                                                                                           Related amounts not offset in the balance sheet
                                                                                                      Gross amount
                                                                                                     included in the            Financial                 Cash            Securities                   Net
                                                                                                      balance sheet          instruments             collateral           collateral               amount
                                                                                                             note (i)             note (ii)                                 note (iii)             note (iv)

Financial assets:
   Derivative assets                                                                                             170                   (94)                 (31)                 (1)                        44
   Reverse repurchase agreements                                                                               2,135                     –                    –              (2,134)                         1
Total financial assets                                                                                         2,305                   (94)                 (31)             (2,135)                        45
Financial liabilities:
   Derivative liabilities                                                                                       (165)                   94                  63                     –                        (8)
   Securities lending and repurchase agreements                                                                 (222)                    –                 153                    69                         –
Total financial liabilities                                                                                     (387)                   94                 216                    69                        (8)

Notes
(i)   The Group has not offset any of the amounts included in the balance sheet.
(ii)  Represents the amount that could be offset under master netting or similar arrangements where the Group does not satisfy the full criteria to offset in the balance sheet.
(iii) Excludes initial margin amounts for exchange-traded derivatives.
(iv) In the tables above, the amounts of assets or liabilities included in the balance sheet would be offset first by financial instruments that have the right of offset under master netting or similar
      arrangements with any remaining amount reduced by the amount of cash and securities collateral. The actual amount of collateral may be greater than amounts presented in the tables.




322                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                               prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Group overview




 C3 Policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus


                                                                                                                                                                                                            Strategic report
C3.1 Policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus by business type
(a) Movement in policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus of with-profits funds
The items below represent the amount attributable to changes in policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus of with-profits funds as a result of
each of the components listed for the insurance operations of the Group. The policyholder liabilities shown include investment contracts without
discretionary participation features (as defined in IFRS 4) and their full movement in the year. The items are shown gross of external reinsurance.

                                                                                                                                                  Shareholder-backed business

                                                                                                                                   With-          Unit-linked              Other



                                                                                                                                                                                                            Governance
                                                                                                                         profits business          liabilities           business                 Total
                                                                                                                                      $m                   $m                 $m                    $m

At 1 Jan 2021                                                                                                                    86,410               32,506              46,639             165,555
Comprising:
   – Policyholder liabilities on the balance sheet
      (excludes $296,513 million from discontinued US operations)                                                                81,193               25,433              38,107             144,733
   – Unallocated surplus of with-profits funds on the balance sheet note (i)                                                      5,217                    –                   –               5,217
   – Group’s share of policyholder liabilities relating to joint ventures and associates note (ii)                                    –                7,073               8,532              15,605
Premiums: note (iii)
   New business                                                                                                                    1,990               3,038                2,172              7,200




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Directors’ remuneration report
   In-force                                                                                                                        7,096               2,406                5,286            14,788
                                                                                                                                   9,086               5,444                7,458            21,988
Surrenders notes (iii)(iv)                                                                                                          (844)             (3,326)                (734)            (4,904)
Maturities/deaths/other claim events                                                                                              (2,116)               (215)              (1,123)            (3,454)
Net flows                                                                                                                          6,126               1,903                5,601            13,630
Shareholders’ transfers post-tax                                                                                                    (134)                  –                    –               (134)
Investment-related items and other movements note (v)                                                                              2,499                 897               (3,505)              (109)
Foreign exchange translation differences note (vi)                                                                                  (899)               (550)                (239)            (1,688)
At 31 Dec 2021/1 Jan 2022                                                                                                        94,002              34,756               48,496            177,254
Comprising:
   – Policyholder liabilities on the balance sheet                                                                               88,618              25,651               37,646            151,915
   – Unallocated surplus of with-profits funds on the balance sheet note (i)                                                      5,384                   –                    –              5,384




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial statements
   – Group’s share of policyholder liabilities relating to joint ventures and associates note (ii)                                    –               9,105               10,850             19,955
Premiums: note (iii)
   New business                                                                                                                   2,244               1,838                2,697              6,779
   In-force                                                                                                                       5,809               2,404                5,623             13,836
                                                                                                                                  8,053               4,242                8,320             20,615
Surrenders notes (iii)(iv)                                                                                                       (1,233)             (2,763)                (677)            (4,673)
Maturities/deaths/other claim events                                                                                             (2,103)               (200)              (1,712)            (4,015)
Net flows                                                                                                                         4,717               1,279                5,931             11,927
Shareholders’ transfers post-tax                                                                                                   (158)                  –                    –               (158)
Investment-related items and other movements note (v)                                                                           (20,677)             (2,802)             (14,623)           (38,102)




                                                                                                                                                                                                            European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Foreign exchange translation differences note (vi)                                                                                 (197)             (1,836)              (2,181)            (4,214)
At 31 Dec 2022                                                                                                                   77,687              31,397               37,623            146,707
Comprising:
  – Policyholder liabilities on the balance sheet                                                                                74,192              22,842               25,229            122,263
  – Unallocated surplus of with-profits funds on the balance sheet note (i)                                                       3,495                   –                    –              3,495
  – Group’s share of policyholder liabilities relating to joint ventures and associates note (ii)                                     –               8,555               12,394             20,949

Average policyholder liability balances note (vii)
  2022                                                                                                                           81,405              33,076               43,060            157,541
  2021                                                                                                                           84,905              33,631               47,568            166,104

Notes
(i)   Unallocated surplus of with-profits funds represents the excess of assets over policyholder liabilities, determined in accordance with the Group’s accounting policies, that have yet to be
      appropriated between policyholders and shareholders for the Group’s with-profits funds in Hong Kong and Malaysia. In Hong Kong, the unallocated surplus includes the shareholders’ share of
      expected future bonuses, with the expected policyholder share being included in policyholder liabilities. Any excess of assets over liabilities and amounts expected to be paid out by the fund on
      future bonuses is also included in the unallocated surplus.
(ii)  The Group’s investments in joint ventures and associates are accounted for on an equity method and the Group’s share of the policyholder liabilities as shown above relate to the life business of
      CPL, India and the Takaful business in Malaysia.




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Additional information
(iii) The analysis includes the impact of premiums, claims and investment movements on policyholders’ liabilities. The impact does not represent premiums, claims and investment movements as reported
      in the income statement. For example, premiums shown above are after any deductions for fees/charges; claims (surrenders, maturities, deaths and other claim events) shown above represent the
      policyholder liabilities provision released rather than the claims amount paid to the policyholder. The analysis also includes net flows of the Group’s insurance joint ventures and associate.
(iv) The rate of surrenders for shareholder-backed business (expressed as a percentage of opening policyholder liabilities) is 4.1 per cent in 2022 (2021: 5.1 per cent).
(v)   Investment-related items and other movements in 2022 primarily represents the effects of higher interest rates on the discount rates applied in the measurement of the policyholder
      liabilities, together with bond losses due to rising interest rates and lower level of investment returns from equities following the falls in equity markets, primarily in Hong Kong and Singapore
      with profits-fund. Other business also includes the effect of the early adoption of the Risk-Based Capital Regime in Hong Kong as discussed in note C3.2 below.
(vi) Movements in the year have been translated at the average exchange rates for the year. The closing balance has been translated at the closing spot rates as at 31 December. Differences upon
      retranslation are included in foreign exchange translation differences.
(vii) Average policyholder liabilities have been based on opening and closing balances, adjusted for any acquisitions, disposals and other relevant corporate transactions arising in the year, and
      exclude unallocated surplus of with-profits funds.

                                                                                                                                         Prudential plc Annual Report 2022               323
C Financial position / continued




 C3 Policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus continued
C3.1 Policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus by business type continued
(b) Duration of policyholder liabilities
The table below shows the carrying value of policyholder liabilities and the maturity profile of the cash flows on a discounted basis, taking account
of expected future premiums and investment returns:

                                                                                                                                                                       31 Dec 2022         31 Dec 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                $m                  $m

Policyholder liabilities                                                                                                                                                 122,263              151,915
   			
                                                                                                                                                                       31 Dec 2022         31 Dec 2021
Expected maturity:                                                                                                                                                               %                   %

   0 to 5 years                                                                                                                                                                  22                   20
   5 to 10 years                                                                                                                                                                 18                   18
   10 to 15 years                                                                                                                                                                14                   15
   15 to 20 years                                                                                                                                                                11                   12
   20 to 25 years                                                                                                                                                                10                   10
   Over 25 years                                                                                                                                                                 25                   25

(c) Policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus by operating segment
The table below shows the policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus, excluding joint ventures and associates and net of external reinsurance,
by segment:

                                                                                                                                                                       31 Dec 2022         31 Dec 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                $m                  $m

Hong Kong                                                                                                                                                                  60,880               79,363
Indonesia                                                                                                                                                                   3,648                4,257
Malaysia                                                                                                                                                                    8,231                8,660
Singapore                                                                                                                                                                  31,197               34,361
Growth markets and other                                                                                                                                                   18,995               20,905
Total segment                                                                                                                                                            122,951              147,546

C3.2 Reconciliation of gross and reinsurers’ share of policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus
Claims paid include maturities, annuities, surrenders, deaths and other claim events. Maturity claims are recorded as charges on the policy
maturity date. Annuity claims are recorded when each annuity instalment becomes due for payment. Surrenders are charged to the income
statement when paid. Death and other claims are generally recorded when notified with additional contract liabilities held, where appropriate, for
‘incurred but not reported’ (IBNR) claims.
   Further analysis of the movement in the year of the Group’s gross contract liabilities, reinsurers’ share of insurance contract liabilities and
unallocated surplus of with-profits funds (excluding those held by joint ventures and associates) is provided below:

                                                                                                                                                    Reinsurers’
                                                                                                                                      Gross             share of                           Unallocated
                                                                                                                                 insurance           insurance          Investment           surplus of
                                                                                                                                   contract            contract            contract        with-profits
                                                                                                                                  liabilities         liabilities         liabilities            funds
                                                                                                                                          $m                  $m                  $m               $m

At 1 Jan 2021                                                                                                                   (436,787)              46,595                (4,459)             (5,217)
Removal of discontinued US operations note (i)                                                                                   293,325              (35,232)                3,188                   –
Income (expense) included in the income statement notes (i)(iii)                                                                  (9,082)              (1,552)                  189                (202)
Other movements note (ii)                                                                                                              –                    –                   (75)                  –
Foreign exchange translation differences                                                                                           1,789                  (58)                   (3)                 35
Balance at 31 Dec 2021/1 Jan 2022                                                                                               (150,755)                9,753              (1,160)              (5,384)
Income (expense) included in the income statement notes (i)(iii)                                                                  27,252                (6,908)                 88                1,868
Other movements note (ii)                                                                                                              –                      –               (26)                    –
Foreign exchange translation differences                                                                                           2,290                   (38)                 48                   21
At 31 Dec 2022                                                                                                                  (121,213)                2,807              (1,050)              (3,495)

Notes
(i)   The total charge for benefits and claims shown in the income statement comprises the amounts shown as ‘Income (expense) included in the income statement’ in the table above together with
      claims paid of $(9,343) million in the year (2021: $(8,845) million) and claim amounts attributable to reinsurers of $740 million (2021: $581 million). Claims incurred, net of reinsurance, shown
      in the segment analysis of benefits and claims items below include claims paid and movement in claims outstanding payables, net of reinsurance, in the year.
(ii)  Other movements include premiums received and claims paid on investment contracts without discretionary participating features, which are taken directly to the statement of financial position
      in accordance with IAS 39.
(iii) The 2021 movement in the gross contract liabilities included $160 million for the impact of a change to allow for illiquidity premium in the calculation of the valuation interest rate (VIR) used to
      value long-term insurance liabilities in Thailand. The 2022 movement in the gross contract liabilities and reinsurers’ share of insurance contract liabilities included the impact from the early
      adoption of the Hong Kong Risk-Based Capital Regime as discussed below.

324                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                              prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                           Group overview




The segmental analysis of the total charge for benefit and claims and movement in unallocated surplus, net of reinsurance in the income
statement is shown below. The CPL segment is a joint venture accounted for using the equity method under IFRS, with the Group’s share of its



                                                                                                                                                           Strategic report
results net of related tax presented in a single line within the Group’s profit before tax, and therefore not shown in the analysis of benefit and
claims items below.

                                                                                                    2022 $m

                                                                    Hong                                                    Growth markets         Total
                                                                    Kong        Indonesia       Malaysia       Singapore         and other      segment

Claims incurred, net of reinsurance                               (2,033)         (1,228)        (1,070)         (2,718)           (1,768)      (8,817)
Decrease in policyholder liabilities, net of reinsurance          15,643             270           (135)          3,189             1,679       20,646
Movement in unallocated surplus of with-profits funds              1,815               –             53               –                 –        1,868


                                                                                                                                                           Governance
Benefits and claims and movement in unallocated surplus,
  net of reinsurance                                              15,425            (958)        (1,152)            471               (89)      13,697
  						
                                                                                                    2021 $m

                                                                    Hong                                                    Growth markets         Total
                                                                    Kong        Indonesia       Malaysia       Singapore         and other      segment

Claims incurred, net of reinsurance                                (1,687)        (1,184)        (1,015)          (3,037)          (1,590)       (8,513)
(Increase)/decrease in policyholder liabilities, net of




                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ remuneration report
   reinsurance                                                     (6,088)           167           (260)          (2,856)          (1,159)      (10,196)
Movement in unallocated surplus of with-profits funds                (250)             –             48                –                –          (202)
Benefits and claims and movement in unallocated surplus,
  net of reinsurance                                               (8,025)        (1,017)        (1,227)          (5,893)          (2,749)      (18,911)

Hong Kong Risk-Based Capital Regime
In April 2022, the Group’s Hong Kong life business (PHKL) received approval from the Hong Kong Insurance Authority to early adopt the Hong
Kong Risk-Based Capital (HK RBC) regime with effect from 1 January 2022. In light of this development and, given that the measurement
technique set out within the local regulatory basis has been applied by PHKL to calculate IFRS liabilities, the Group has refined the reserving
methodology of PHKL by reference to the method applied under the new HK RBC regime.
   Under the basis previously applied, liabilities of non-participating business were generally determined on a net premium valuation basis to




                                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
determine the future policyholder benefit provisions, subject to minimum floors. Using the principles underpinning the HK RBC regime, the IFRS
reserving basis has been refined to one that is based on a gross premium valuation basis (including an allowance for the uncertainty of non-
hedgeable risks), subject to minimum floors. Depending on the product, the minimum floor is set at the policyholder’s asset share or guaranteed
cash surrender value or at a constraint that on day one no negative reserve exists at a product level. This new measurement technique better
estimates the liability and brings the estimation basis for PHKL more in line with that used by the Group’s other insurance operations. This change
of estimate has reduced policyholder liabilities (net of reinsurance) and increased profit before tax for 2022 by $945 million.
   There has been no change to the reserving basis for with-profits liabilities, which under the Group’s accounting policy are valued under the
realistic basis in accordance with the requirements of the ‘grandfathered’ UK standard FRS 27 ‘Life Assurance’.

C3.3 Reinsurers’ share of insurance contract liabilities




                                                                                                                                                           European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
The measurement of reinsurance assets is consistent with the measurement of the underlying direct insurance contracts. The treatment of any
gains or losses arising on the purchase of reinsurance contracts is dependent on the underlying accounting basis of the entity concerned.

                                                                                                                               31 Dec 2022   31 Dec 2021
                                                                                                                                        $m            $m

Insurance contract liabilities                                                                                                      2,592         9,550
Claims outstanding                                                                                                                    215           203
Total operations                                                                                                                    2,807         9,753


The Group cedes certain business to other insurance companies. Although the ceding of insurance does not relieve the Group from its liability to its
policyholders, the Group participates in such agreements largely for the purpose of managing its loss exposure. The Group evaluates the financial
condition of its reinsurers and monitors concentration of credit risk from similar geographic regions, activities or economic characteristics of the
reinsurers to minimise its exposure from reinsurer insolvencies.
   Of the reinsurers’ share of insurance contract liabilities balance of $2,807 million at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: $9,753 million),
98 per cent (31 December 2021: 99 per cent) was from reinsurers with rating A- and above by Standard & Poor’s or other external rating agencies.




                                                                                                                                                           Additional information
   The reinsurers’ share of insurance contract liabilities primarily relates to protection business written in Hong Kong. The year-on-year movement
in the reinsurers’ share of insurance contract liabilities included the impact from the early adoption of the Hong Kong Risk-Based Capital Regime
as discussed above in note C3.2. The Group’s Hong Kong business cedes insurance risk to limit exposure to underwriting losses under various
agreements that cover individual risks, group risks or defined blocks of business, on a co-insurance, surplus, quota share, or catastrophe excess of
loss basis. The amount of each risk retained depends on the evaluation of the specific risk, subject to certain circumstances, to maximum limits
based on characteristics of coverage.
   Net commissions received during 2022 on ceded business totalled $216 million (2021: $285 million) and claims incurred ceded to external
reinsurers totalled $766 million (2021: $604 million). There was $1 million (2021: $3 million) of deferred gains in the year.
                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022     325
C Financial position / continued




C3 Policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus continued
C3.4 Products and determining contract liabilities
IFRS 4 requires contracts written by insurers to be classified as either ‘insurance’ contracts or ‘investment’ contracts. The classification of the
contract determines its accounting.
   Contracts that transfer significant insurance risk to the Group are classified as insurance contracts. This judgement is applied in considering
whether the material features of a contract gives rise to the transfer of significant insurance risk, which is made at the point of contract inception
and not revisited. For the majority of the Group’s contracts, classification is based on a readily identifiable scenario that demonstrates a significant
difference in cash flows if the covered event occurs (as opposed to does not occur) reducing the level of judgement involved.
   Contracts that transfer financial risk to the Group but not significant insurance risk are classified as investment contracts. Insurance contracts
and investment contracts with discretionary participation features are accounted for under IFRS 4. Investment contracts without such
discretionary participation features are accounted for as financial instruments under IAS 39.
   Investment contracts without discretionary participation features are measured in accordance with IAS 39 to reflect the deposit nature of the
arrangement, with premiums and claims reflected as deposits and withdrawals, and taken directly to the statement of financial position as
movements in the financial liability balance.
   Investment contracts without fixed and guaranteed terms are classified as financial instruments and designated as FVTPL because the
resulting liabilities are managed and their performance is evaluated on a fair value basis. Where the contract includes a surrender option, its
carrying value is subject to a minimum carrying value equal to its surrender value.
   Other investment contracts are measured at amortised cost.
   The table below provides description of material feature of each of the products listed above, together with how their contract liabilities are
determined.

Contract type            Description and material features                    Determination of liabilities

With-profits and         Provides savings and/or protection where the         As explained in note A3.1, with-profits contracts are predominantly sold
participating            basic sum assured can be enhanced by a profit        in Hong Kong, Malaysia and Singapore. The total value of the
contracts                share (or bonus) from the underlying fund as         with-profits funds is driven by the underlying asset valuation with
                         determined at the discretion of the business         movements reflected principally in the accounting value of
                         unit.                                                policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus.
                         Participating products often offer a                 In Hong Kong, the unallocated surplus includes the shareholders’ share
                         guaranteed maturity or surrender value.              of expected future bonuses, with the expected policyholder share
                         Declared regular bonuses are guaranteed once         being included in policyholder liabilities. Any excess of assets over
                         vested. Future bonus rates and cash dividends        liabilities and amounts expected to be paid out by the fund on future
                         are not guaranteed. Market value adjustments         bonuses is also included in the unallocated surplus.
                         and surrender penalties are used for certain
                         products where the law permits such
                         adjustments. Guarantees are predominantly
                         supported by the segregated funds and their
                         estates.

Unit-linked              Combines savings with protection, the cash           The attaching liabilities largely reflect the unit value obligation driven
                         value of the policy primarily depends on the         by the value of the investments of the unit fund. Additional contract
                         value of the underlying unitised funds.              liabilities are held for guaranteed benefits beyond the unit fund value,
                                                                              generally using a gross premium valuation method, as discussed below
                                                                              for health and protection business. These additional provisions are
                                                                              recognised as a component of other business liabilities.




326               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                      prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                     Group overview




Contract type       Description and material features                    Determination of liabilities

Health and          Health and protection features are offered as        The approach to determine the contract liabilities is generally driven by


                                                                                                                                                     Strategic report
protection          supplements to the products listed above or          the local solvency basis. The discount rates used to determine the
                    sold as standalone products. Protection covers       contract liabilities are derived in line with the measurement basis
                    mortality and/or morbidity benefits including        applied in each business unit and are generally based on the risk-free
                    health, disability, critical illness and accident    rates applicable to the underlying contracts, including appropriate
                    coverage.                                            margins.
                                                                         A gross premium valuation (GPV) method is typically used in those
                                                                         local businesses where a risk-based capital framework is adopted for
                                                                         local solvency. Under the GPV method, all cash flows are valued


                                                                                                                                                     Governance
                                                                         explicitly using best estimate assumptions with a suitable margin for
                                                                         prudence.
                                                                         This is achieved either through adding an explicit allowance above best
                                                                         estimate to the assumptions, or by applying an overlay constraint such
                                                                         that on day one no negative reserves (ie where future premium inflows
                                                                         are expected to exceed future claims and outflows) are derived at an
                                                                         individual policyholder level, or at a product/fund level, or a
                                                                         combination of both. The margin for prudence is released to profit over
                                                                         the life of the contract. Best estimate assumptions are reviewed




                                                                                                                                                     Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                         annually with reference to experience and expectations around the
                                                                         short-term nature of any change (for example increases or decreases in
                                                                         claims levels as a result of Covid-19). Any changes made to best
                                                                         estimate impact the prudence mechanisms described above and, as a
                                                                         consequence, IFRS profit tends to be relatively insensitive to
                                                                         assumption changes made in any given year.
                                                                         Prior to the adoption of the new HK RBC regime in 2022, the Hong
                                                                         Kong business unit applied a net premium valuation method (NPV) to
                                                                         determine the future policyholder benefit provisions, subject to
                                                                         minimum floors at the policyholder’s asset share or guaranteed cash
                                                                         surrender value as appropriate. Upon the adoption of the HK RBC
                                                                         regime, the gross premium valuation method (including an allowance




                                                                                                                                                     Financial statements
                                                                         for the uncertainty of non-hedgeable risks), subject to minimum floors
                                                                         is applied.
                                                                         For India and Taiwan, US GAAP is applied for measuring insurance
                                                                         liabilities. For these businesses, the future policyholder benefit
                                                                         provisions for non-linked business are determined using the net level
                                                                         premium method, with an allowance for surrenders, maintenance and
                                                                         claims expenses.
                                                                         In Vietnam, an estimation basis to determine the contract liabilities is




                                                                                                                                                     European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                                         aligned substantially to that used by the business units applying the
                                                                         GPV method.

Non-participating   Non-participating savings and/or protection          The approach to determining the contract liabilities is generally driven
term contracts,     where the benefits are guaranteed, determined        by the local solvency basis, as discussed for health and protection
whole life and      by a set of defined market-related parameters,       business above.
endowment           or determined at the discretion of the business
assurance           unit. These products often offer a guaranteed
                    maturity and/or surrender value. It is common
                    for regulations or market-driven demand and
                    competition to provide some form of capital
                    value protection and minimum crediting
                    interest rate guarantees. This is reflected within
                    the guaranteed maturity and surrender values.
                    Guarantees are supported by shareholders.




                                                                                                                                                     Additional information




                                                                                                        Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   327
C Financial position / continued




C4 Intangible assets
C4.1 Goodwill
Business combination
Business acquisitions are accounted for by applying the purchase method of accounting, which adjusts the net assets of the acquired company to
fair value at the date of purchase. The excess of the acquisition consideration over the fair value of the assets and liabilities of the acquired
business is recorded as goodwill. The Group chooses the full goodwill method or the partial goodwill method to calculate goodwill on an acquisition
by acquisition basis. Expenses related to acquiring new subsidiaries are charged to the income statement in the period in which they are incurred
and not included in goodwill. Income and expenses of acquired businesses are included in the income statement from the date of acquisition.
   Where the Group writes a put option, which if exercised triggers the purchase of non-controlling interests as part of its business acquisition, the
put option is recognised as a financial liability at the acquisition date. Where risks and rewards remain with the non-controlling interests, a
corresponding amount is deducted from equity. Any subsequent changes to the carrying amount of the put option liability are also recognised
within equity.

Goodwill
Goodwill is capitalised and carried on the Group consolidated statement of financial position as an intangible asset at initial value less any
accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill impairment testing is conducted annually and when there is an indication of impairment.
   Goodwill shown on the consolidated statement of financial position at 31 December 2022 represents amounts allocated to business units in
respect of both acquired asset management and life businesses. There has been no impairment as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

                                                                                                                             2022 $m           2021 $m

Carrying value at 1 Jan                                                                                                          907               961
Exchange differences                                                                                                             (17)              (54)
Carrying value at 31 Dec                                                                                                         890               907

Impairment testing
Goodwill does not generate cash flows independently of other groups of assets and thus is assigned to cash-generating units for the purposes of
impairment testing. These cash-generating units (CGUs) are based upon how management monitors the business and represent the lowest level
to which goodwill can be allocated on a reasonable basis. Of the carrying value at 31 December 2022, $445 million (31 December 2021:
$465 million) relates to asset management business in Thailand and $234 million (31 December 2021: $233 million) relates to the acquisition of
UOB Life in Singapore. Other goodwill amounts are allocated across CGUs, which are not individually material.
   Goodwill is tested for impairment by comparing the CGU’s carrying amount, including any goodwill, with its recoverable amount. The Group’s
methodology of assessing whether goodwill may be impaired for acquired life and asset management operations is discussed below.
   For acquired life businesses, the Group routinely compares the aggregate of net asset value and acquired goodwill on an IFRS basis of the
acquired life business with the value of the current in-force business as determined using the EEV methodology. Any excess of IFRS value over EEV
carrying value is then compared with EEV basis value of current and projected future new business to determine whether there is any indication
that the goodwill in the IFRS statement of financial position may be impaired. The methodology and assumptions underpinning the Group’s EEV
basis of reporting are included in the EEV basis supplementary information in this Annual Report.
   The goodwill in respect of asset management businesses comprises mainly the goodwill arising from the acquisition of Thanachart Fund
Management Co., Ltd in 2019 and TMB Asset Management Co., Ltd in Thailand in 2018. The goodwill impairment testing for these businesses is
prepared as a single CGU reflecting that these businesses are managed together. The recoverable amount of these businesses has been
determined by calculating the value in use of combined business calculated using a discounted cash flow valuation.
   For the combined Thailand asset management business, the valuation is based on a number of key assumptions as follows:
> Cash flow projections based on the latest five-year business plan/forecast;
> A constant growth rate of 3.5 per cent (2021: 2.3 per cent) on forecast cash flows beyond the terminal year of the cash flow projection period;
> The risk discount rate applied in accordance with the nature of the businesses. The pre-tax discount rate applied is 9.0 per cent (2021:
  9.0 per cent); and
> The continuation of asset management contracts on similar terms.
The key assumptions used in the impairment testing, including the cash flow projections, are subject to fluctuations in the external market and
economic conditions. The recent adverse conditions had contributed to reduced cash flow projections leading to a fall in the headroom in
comparison to the prior year. While management believes that any reasonable change in each of the key assumptions would not cause the
recoverable amount of the asset management businesses acquired to fall below its carrying amount, a more significant adverse change in the key
assumptions applied concurrently could lead to impairment charges.




328                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                    prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Group overview




C4.2 Deferred acquisition costs and other intangible assets
Intangible assets acquired on the purchase of a subsidiary or portfolio of contracts are measured at fair value on acquisition. DAC are accounted



                                                                                                                                                                                                              Strategic report
for as described in note A3.1(c). Other intangible assets, such as distribution rights and software, are valued initially at the price paid to acquire or
cost to develop them and are subsequently carried at cost less amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. For intangibles other than
DAC, amortisation follows the pattern in which the future economic benefits are expected to be consumed. If the pattern cannot be determined
reliably, a straight-line method is applied. For software, the amortisation generally represents the licence period of the software acquired.
Amortisation of intangible assets is charged to the ‘acquisition costs and other expenditure’ line in the Consolidated income statement.
Impairment testing is conducted when there is an indication of impairment.

                                                                                                                                                                        31 Dec 2022         31 Dec 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                 $m                  $m



                                                                                                                                                                                                              Governance
Shareholder-backed business:
DAC related to insurance contracts as classified under IFRS 4                                                                                                                 3,215                2,776
DAC related to investment management contracts, including life assurance contracts classified as financial instruments
  and investment management contracts under IFRS 4                                                                                                                                39                   39
DAC related to insurance and investment contracts                                                                                                                             3,254                2,815
Distribution rights                                                                                                                                                           3,630                3,782
Present value of acquired in-force policies for insurance contracts as classified under IFRS 4                                                                                   17                   28
Other intangibles                                                                                                                                                               209                  184




                                                                                                                                                                                                              Directors’ remuneration report
Present value of acquired in-force and other intangibles                                                                                                                      3,856                3,994
Total of DAC and other intangible assets attributable to shareholders                                                                                                         7,110                6,809
Other intangible assets, including computer software, attributable to with-profits funds                                                                                         45                   49
Total of deferred acquisition costs and other intangible assets                                                                                                               7,155                6,858

(a) Movement in DAC and other intangible assets attributable to shareholders

                                                                                                                                      2022 $m                                                   2021 $m

                                                                                                                            Distribution      PVIF and other
                                                                                                                DAC                rights        intangibles                  Total                  Total
                                                                                                                                  note (i)        notes (ii)(iii)

Balance at 1 Jan                                                                                              2,815               3,782                    212              6,809                 20,275




                                                                                                                                                                                                              Financial statements
Removal of discontinued US operations                                                                             –                   –                      –                  –                (13,881)
Additions                                                                                                     1,002                 206                     76              1,284                  1,185
Amortisation to the income statement                                                                           (475)               (301)                   (50)              (826)                  (651)
Disposals and transfers                                                                                           –                   –                     (5)                (5)                    (7)
Exchange differences and other movements                                                                        (88)                (57)                    (7)              (152)                  (112)
Balance at 31 Dec                                                                                             3,254               3,630                    226              7,110                  6,809

Notes
(i)   Distribution rights relate to amounts that have been paid or have become unconditionally due for payment as a result of past events in respect of the bancassurance partnership arrangements




                                                                                                                                                                                                              European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
      for the bank distribution of Prudential’s insurance products for a fixed period of time. The distribution rights amounts are amortised on a basis to reflect the pattern in which the future economic
      benefits are expected to be consumed by reference to new business production levels.
(ii)  All of the net PVIF balances relate to insurance contracts. The PVIF attaching to investment contracts have been fully amortised.
(iii) Other intangibles comprise other intangible assets such as software rights. Software rights include additions of $58 million, amortisation of $(24) million, disposals of $(3) million, foreign
      exchange of $(7) million and closing balance at 31 December 2022 of $138 million (31 December 2021: $114 million).

(b) Movement in DAC related to insurance and investment contracts

                                                                                                                                      2022 $m                                     2021 $m

                                                                                                                               Insurance          Investment              Insurance          Investment
                                                                                                                                contracts           contracts              contracts           contracts
                                                                                                                                                         note                                       note

Balance at 1 Jan                                                                                                                  2,776                      39              16,182                    34
Removal of discontinued US operations                                                                                                 –                       –             (13,863)                    –
Additions                                                                                                                           993                       9                 841                     7
Amortisation                                                                                                                       (470)                     (5)               (339)                   (4)
Exchange differences and other movements                                                                                            (84)                     (4)                (45)                    2
Balance at 31 Dec                                                                                                                 3,215                      39               2,776                    39




                                                                                                                                                                                                              Additional information
Note
The carrying amount of the DAC balance relating to investment contracts comprises the following gross and accumulated amortisation amounts:
                                                                                                                                                                        31 Dec 2022         31 Dec 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                 $m                  $m

Gross amount                                                                                                                                                                      59                   55
Accumulated amortisation                                                                                                                                                         (20)                 (16)
Carrying amount                                                                                                                                                                   39                   39

                                                                                                                                             Prudential plc Annual Report 2022              329
C Financial position / continued




 C4 Intangible assets continued
C4.2 Deferred acquisition costs and other intangible assets continued
(c) Movement in PVIF and other intangibles attributable to shareholders

                                                                                2022 $m                                                                2021 $m

                                                                                                Other                                                                  Other
                                                                                         intangibles                                                            intangibles
                                                                       Distribution        (including                                         Distribution        (including
                                                             PVIF             rights       software)             Total              PVIF             rights       software)            Total

Balance at 1 Jan
Cost                                                          140            5,037              313            5,490                 177            4,845              424            5,446
Accumulated amortisation                                     (112)          (1,255)            (129)          (1,496)               (143)            (994)            (250)          (1,387)
                                                               28           3,782               184            3,994                  34            3,851              174            4,059
Removal of discontinued US operations                           –                –                 –               –                    –               –               (18)            (18)
Additions                                                       –              206                76             282                    –             260                77             337
Amortisation charge                                           (10)            (301)              (40)           (351)                  (5)           (268)              (35)           (308)
Disposals and transfers                                         –                –                (5)             (5)                   –               –                (7)             (7)
Exchange differences and other
   movements                                                    (1)             (57)              (6)             (64)                 (1)             (61)              (7)               (69)
Balance at 31 Dec                                              17           3,630               209            3,856                  28            3,782              184            3,994
Comprising:
  Cost                                                        134            5,176              373            5,683                 140            5,037              313            5,490
  Accumulated amortisation                                   (117)          (1,546)            (164)          (1,827)               (112)          (1,255)            (129)          (1,496)
                                                               17           3,630               209            3,856                  28            3,782              184            3,994



 C5 Borrowings
Although initially recognised at fair value (net of transaction costs), borrowings are subsequently accounted for on an amortised cost basis using
the effective interest method. Under the effective interest method, the difference between the redemption value of the borrowing and the initial
proceeds (net of related issue costs) is amortised through the income statement to the date of maturity or, for hybrid debt, over the expected life of
the instrument.

C5.1     Core structural borrowings of shareholder-financed businesses

                                                                                                                                                              31 Dec 2022       31 Dec 2021
                                                                                                                                                                       $m                $m

Subordinated debt:
  US$1,000m 5.25% Notes note (i)                                                                                                                                       –              1,000
  US$725m 4.375% Notes note (ii)                                                                                                                                       –                725
  US$750m 4.875% Notes                                                                                                                                               750                748
  €20m Medium Term Notes 2023                                                                                                                                         21                 23
  £435m 6.125% Notes 2031                                                                                                                                            520                584
  US$1,000m 2.95% Notes 2033                                                                                                                                         995                995
Senior debt: note (iii)
  £300m 6.875% Notes 2023 note (iv)                                                                                                                                  361                   404
  £250m 5.875% Notes 2029                                                                                                                                            281                   313
  US$1,000m 3.125% Notes 2030                                                                                                                                        987                   985
  US$350m 3.625% Notes 2032 note (v)                                                                                                                                 346                     –
Bank loans:
  US$350m Loan 2024 note (v)                                                                                                                                            –                  350
Total core structural borrowings of shareholder-financed businesses                                                                                               4,261               6,127

Notes
(i)   The US$1,000 million notes were redeemed on 20 January 2022 using the proceeds from the issuance of ordinary shares during 2021 as discussed in note C8.
(ii)  The US$725 million notes were redeemed on 20 January 2022 using the proceeds from the US$1,000 million subordinated debt issued in November 2021.
(iii) The senior debt ranks above subordinated debt in the event of liquidation.
(iv) The £300 million notes were redeemed on 20 January 2023.
(v)   In March 2022, the Company issued US$350 million 3.625 per cent senior debt maturing on 24 March 2032 with proceeds, net of costs, of US$346 million, which was used to redeem the
      US$350 million bank loan in May 2022.




330                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                    prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                              Group overview




C5.2 Operational borrowings




                                                                                                                                                              Strategic report
                                                                                                                                  31 Dec 2022   31 Dec 2021
                                                                                                                                           $m            $m

Shareholder-financed business:
Borrowings in respect of short-term fixed income securities programmes – commercial paper                                                501           500
Lease liabilities under IFRS 16                                                                                                          185           209
Other borrowings                                                                                                                          11            10
Operational borrowings attributable to shareholder-financed businesses                                                                   697           719

With-profits business:


                                                                                                                                                              Governance
Lease liabilities under IFRS 16                                                                                                          114           138
Other borrowings                                                                                                                           4             4
Operational borrowings attributable to with-profits businesses                                                                           118           142
Total operational borrowings                                                                                                             815           861



C6 Risk and sensitivity analysis




                                                                                                                                                              Directors’ remuneration report
Group overview
The Group’s risk framework and the management of risks attaching to the Group’s consolidated financial statements including financial assets,
financial liabilities and insurance liabilities, together with the inter-relationship with the management of capital, have been included in the audited
sections of the Risk review report.
   The financial and insurance assets and liabilities on the Group’s statement of financial position are, to varying degrees, subject to market and
insurance risk and other changes of experience assumptions that may have a material effect on IFRS basis profit or loss and shareholders’ equity.
The market and insurance risks and also ESG-related risks, including how they affect Group’s operations and how these are managed are discussed
in the Risk review report referred to above. The ESG-related risks discussed in the Risk review report include in particular the potential long-term
impact of environmental risks associated with climate change (including physical and transition risks) on the Group’s investments and liabilities.
The ESG Report included in this Annual Report sets out three commonly used scenarios of plausible global responses to climate change. Each
scenario is translated into potential sensitivities to economic factors, using third party calibrated inputs, which have then been applied during the




                                                                                                                                                              Financial statements
year to the Group’s starting assets and liabilities to quantify possible future impacts thereon. Though the Group remains exposed to financial
impact from plausible global responses addressing climate change, the results for each scenario are not outside observed market volatility
experienced and therefore do not indicate the need for explicit allowance for climate change within the current valuations. In addition, given the
nature of the business, the impact of climate change does not directly alter the Group’s assumptions for claims and lapses for its insurance
business based on the annual review of experience. If experience or exposure changes, for example due to a step change in long-term morbidity
and/or mortality expectations in a particular region due to climate events, the financial impacts from climate-related risks on our insurance
liabilities could be more significant and would be allowed for as part of the regular review.
   The most significant market and credit risks that the IFRS shareholders’ profit or loss and shareholders’ equity for the Group’s life assurance
business are sensitive to, are shown in the following tables. The distinction between direct and indirect exposure is not intended to indicate the




                                                                                                                                                              European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
relative size of the sensitivity. In addition, insurance businesses are sensitive to mortality and/or morbidity risk as well as persistency risk depending
on the products sold.

Type of business                        Market and credit risk
With-profits business                   Net neutral direct exposure (indirect exposure to investment performance, which is subject to smoothing
                                        through declared bonuses)
Unit-linked business                    Net neutral direct exposure (indirect exposure to investment performance, through asset management
                                        fees)

Non-participating business              Asset/liability mismatch risk which results in sensitivity to interest rates and credit spreads, particularly for
                                        operations where the insurance liability basis is sensitive to current market movements
                                        Profit and shareholders’ equity are also sensitive to the impact of current market movements on assets
                                        held in excess of non-participating policyholder liabilities
                                        Indirect exposure to investment performance through policyholder charges and guarantees in some
                                        cases




                                                                                                                                                              Additional information




                                                                                                           Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    331
C Financial position / continued




 C6 Risk and sensitivity analysis continued
Sensitivity analyses of IFRS shareholders’ equity to key market and other risks for the insurance operations are provided in section C6.1 below. The
sensitivity analyses provided show the effect on shareholders’ equity to changes in the relevant risk variables, all of which are considered to be
reasonably possible at the relevant balance sheet date.
  The sensitivity of the Group’s Eastspring and central operations to market risks is discussed in section C6.2.
  The Group benefits from diversification benefits achieved through the geographical spread of the Group’s operations and, within those
operations, through a broad mix of product types. These benefits are not reflected in the simplified sensitivities below.
  Relevant correlation factors include:
> Correlation across geographic regions for both financial and non-financial risk factors; and
> Correlation across risk factors for mortality and morbidity, expenses, persistency and other risks.
The geographical diversity of the Group’s business means that it has some exposure to the risk of foreign exchange rate fluctuations. The Group
has no exposure to currency fluctuation from business units that operate in USD, or currencies pegged to the USD (such as HKD), and reduced
exposure to currencies partially managed to the USD within a basket of currencies (such as SGD). Sensitivities to exchange rate movements in the
Group’s key markets are therefore expected to be limited.

C6.1 Insurance operations
(a) Sensitivity to key market risks
The table below shows the sensitivity of shareholders’ equity as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 for insurance operations to the following market risks:
> 1 per cent increase and 0.5 per cent decrease in interest rates (based on local government bond yields at the valuation date) in isolation and
  subject to a floor of zero; and
> Instantaneous 10 per cent rise and 20 per cent fall in the market value of equity and property assets. The equity risk sensitivity analysis assumes
  that all equity indices fall by the same percentage.
The sensitivities below only allow for limited management actions such as changes to policyholder bonuses, where applicable. If the economic
conditions set out in the sensitivities persisted, the financial impacts may differ to the instantaneous impacts shown below. Given the continuous
risk management processes in place, management could take additional actions to help mitigate the impact of these stresses, including (but not
limited to) rebalancing investment portfolios, increased use of reinsurance, repricing of in-force benefits, changes to new business pricing and the
mix of new business being sold.
   Where liabilities are valued using historic average rates for a short period (ie up to three years), the valuation interest rates are adjusted to
assume a parallel increase or decrease in the interest rates used in the averaging approach to reflect the impact that could be seen in the near
term. Credit risk sensitivities, such as the impact on the value of debt securities and policyholder liabilities from movements in credit spreads are not
presented below. A one-letter credit downgrade in isolation (ie ignoring any consequential change in valuation) would not have a material impact
on IFRS profit or shareholders’ equity.

                                                                                                                                                                       31 Dec 2022          31 Dec 2021
Net effect on shareholders’ equity from insurance operations                                                                                                                    $m                   $m

Shareholders’ equity of insurance operations                                                                                                                                14,407               14,289
  Sensitivity to key market risks: note
  Interest rates and consequential effects – 1% increase                                                                                                                       (386)                (796)
  Interest rates and consequential effects – 0.5% decrease                                                                                                                     (122)                 137
  Equity/property market values – 10% rise                                                                                                                                      190                  372
  Equity/property market values – 20% fall                                                                                                                                     (729)               (787)

Note
The effect from the changes in interest rates or equity and property prices above, if they arose, would impact profit after tax for the insurance operations and would mostly be recorded within short-term
fluctuations in investment returns. The impact on profit after tax would be the same as the net effect on shareholders’ equity. Changes to the results of the Africa insurance operations from interest rate
or equity rate changes would not materially impact the Group.


The degree of sensitivity of the results of the non-linked shareholder-backed business of the insurance operations to movements in interest rates
depends upon the degree to which the liabilities under the ‘grandfathered’ IFRS 4 measurement basis reflects market interest rates from period to
period. This varies by business unit.
  For example:
> Taiwan and India businesses apply US GAAP, for which the results can be more sensitive as the effect of interest rate movements on the backing
  investments may not be offset by liability movements; and
> The level of options and guarantees in the products written in a particular business unit will affect the degree of sensitivity to interest rate
  movements.




332                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                             prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                          Group overview




The sensitivity of the insurance operations presented as a whole at a given point in time will also be affected by a change in the relative size of the
individual businesses.



                                                                                                                                                          Strategic report
   The ‘increase of 1%’ sensitivities reflect that, for many operations the impact of interest rate movements on the value of government and
corporate bond investments dominates, namely bonds are expected to decrease in value as interest rates increase to a greater extent than the
offsetting decrease in liabilities from a corresponding change in discount rates. This arises because the discount rate in some operations does not
fluctuate in line with interest rate movements. Under a 0.5% decrease interest rate scenario although in the majority of operations asset gains
exceed the increase in liabilities, there are a number of operations where the increase in liabilities dominates, driven by an increase in the value of
policyholder guarantees, hence this results in an overall small negative impact of an instantaneous decrease of rates at 31 December 2022.
   Movements in equities backing with-profits and unit-linked business have been excluded from the equity and property sensitivities as they are
generally matched by an equal movement in insurance liabilities (including unallocated surplus of with-profits funds). The impact on changes to
future profitability as a result of changes to the asset values within unit-linked or with-profits funds have not been included in the instantaneous

                                                                                                                                                          Governance
sensitivity above. The estimated sensitivities shown above include equity and property investments held by the Group’s joint venture and
associate businesses. Generally, changes in equity and property investment values held outside unit-linked and with-profits funds are not directly
offset by movements in non-linked policyholder liabilities. For Hong Kong’s non-participating business, liabilities largely reflect asset shares post
the adoption of HK RBC and therefore the consequential movements in equities are offset by movements in policyholder liabilities.

(b) Sensitivity to insurance risk
For insurance operations, adverse persistency experience can impact the IFRS profitability of certain types of business written. This risk is
managed at a business unit level through regular monitoring of experience and the implementation of management actions as necessary.
   These actions could include product enhancements, increased management focus on premium collection, as well as other customer retention




                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ remuneration report
efforts. The potential financial impact of lapses is often mitigated through the specific features of the products, eg surrender charges, or through
the availability of premium holiday or partial withdrawal policy features. The reserving basis, as discussed in note A3.1(a) and C3.4, is generally
such that a change in lapse assumptions has an immaterial effect on immediate profitability.
   Many of the business units are exposed to mortality and morbidity risk and a provision is made within policyholder liabilities to cover the
potential exposure. If all these assumptions were strengthened by 5 per cent then it is estimated that profit after tax and shareholders’ equity
would decrease by approximately $(101) million (2021: $(108) million), before consideration of other reserving adjustments eg a corresponding
release of margin for prudence. Weakening these assumptions by 5 per cent would have a similar opposite impact.

C6.2 Eastspring and central operations
The profit for the year of Eastspring is sensitive to the level of assets under management, as this significantly affects the value of management
fees earned by the business in the current and future periods. Assets under management will rise and fall as market conditions change, with a
consequential impact on profitability.



                                                                                                                                                          Financial statements
    Eastspring holds a small amount of investments direct on its balance sheet, including investments in respect of seeding capital into retail funds
it sells to third parties (see note C1). Eastspring’s profit will therefore have some exposure to the market movements of these investments.
    At 31 December 2022, the Group’s central operations held a 9.2 per cent (31 December 2021: 18.4 per cent) economic interest in the equity
securities of Jackson. These equity securities are listed on the New York Stock Exchange and classified as available-for-sale with a fair value of
$266 million at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: $683 million). If the value of these securities decreased by 20 per cent, the change in
valuation would be $(53) million (31 December 2021: $(137) million), which would reduce shareholders’ equity by this amount before tax, all of
which would pass through other comprehensive income outside of the profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                                          European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                                          Additional information




                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   333
C Financial position / continued




C7 Tax assets and liabilities
Accounting policies on deferred tax are included in note B3.

C7.1 Current tax
At 31 December 2022, of the $18 million (31 December 2021: $20 million) current tax recoverable, the majority is expected to be recovered within
12 months after the reporting period.
  At 31 December 2022, the current tax liability from operations of $208 million (31 December 2021: $185 million) includes $79 million
(31 December 2021: $42 million) of provisions for uncertain tax matters. Further detail is provided in note B3.2.

C7.2 Deferred tax
The statement of financial position contains the following deferred tax assets and liabilities in relation to:

                                                                                                                           2022 $m
                                                                                                                                          Other
                                                                                                                                     movements
                                                                                                                                      including
                                                                                                              Movement in               foreign
                                                                                                   Balance         income             exchange           Balance
                                                                                                   at 1 Jan     statement            movements          at 31 Dec

Deferred tax assets
Unrealised losses or gains on investments                                                               3              317                (178)              142
Balances relating to investment and insurance contracts                                                34                1                 (33)                2
Short-term temporary differences                                                                      162              (15)                (12)              135
Unused tax losses                                                                                      67              (32)                 (4)               31
Total deferred tax assets                                                                             266              271                (227)              310

Deferred tax liabilities
Unrealised losses or gains on investments                                                             (242)             44                 185               (13)
Balances relating to investment and insurance contracts                                             (2,125)           (228)                 47            (2,306)
Short-term temporary differences                                                                      (495)            (81)                 23              (553)
Total deferred tax liabilities                                                                      (2,862)           (265)                255            (2,872)


                                                                                                                 2021 $m
                                                                                                                                          Other
                                                                                                                                     movements
                                                                                                                                      including
                                                                                                 Removal of   Movement in               foreign
                                                                                   Balance     discontinued        income             exchange           Balance
                                                                                   at 1 Jan   US operations     statement            movements          at 31 Dec

Deferred tax assets
Unrealised losses or gains on investments                                               –                –               3                   –                 3
Balances relating to investment and insurance contracts                                87                –             (16)                (37)               34
Short-term temporary differences                                                    4,662           (4,513)             15                  (2)              162
Unused tax losses                                                                     109              (29)            (14)                  1                67
Total deferred tax assets                                                           4,858           (4,542)            (12)                (38)              266

Deferred tax liabilities
Unrealised losses or gains on investments                                          (1,063)             691             127                   3              (242)
Balances relating to investment and insurance contracts                            (1,765)               –            (433)                 73            (2,125)
Short-term temporary differences                                                   (3,247)           2,832             (87)                  7              (495)
Total deferred tax liabilities                                                     (6,075)           3,523            (393)                 83            (2,862)


At 31 December 2022, no deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of unused tax losses and temporary deductible differences of
$2,235 million (31 December 2021: $1,382 million). $837 million of the unused tax losses expired at the point of Prudential plc’s tax residency
change from the UK to Hong Kong on 3 March 2023. A further $103 million (31 December 2021: $108 million) relates to unused tax losses that will
expire within the next ten years (potential tax benefit: $22 million), and the remainder of $1,295 million (31 December 2021: $1,274 million) has
no expiry date (potential tax benefit: $277 million).
  Some of the Group’s businesses are located in jurisdictions in which a withholding tax charge is incurred upon the distribution of earnings. At
31 December 2022, deferred tax liabilities of $216 million (31 December 2021: $330 million) have not been recognised in respect of such
withholding taxes as the Group is able to control the timing of the distributions and it is probable that the timing differences will not reverse in the
foreseeable future.




334                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                            prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Group overview




 C8 Share capital, share premium and own shares


                                                                                                                                                                                                     Strategic report
Shares are classified as equity when their terms do not create an obligation to transfer assets. Amounts recorded in share capital represent the
nominal value of the shares issued. The difference between the proceeds received on issue of the shares, net of share issue costs, and the nominal
value of the shares issued, is credited to share premium. Where the Company purchases shares for the purposes of employee incentive plans, the
consideration paid, net of issue costs, is deducted from retained earnings. Upon issue or sale any consideration received is credited to retained
earnings net of related costs.

                                                                                                  2022                                                            2021

                                                                               Number of                                                       Number of



                                                                                                                                                                                                     Governance
                                                                                ordinary                Share              Share                ordinary                Share               Share
                                                                                  shares               capital          premium                   shares               capital           premium
Issued shares of 5p each fully paid                                                                       $m                 $m                                           $m                  $m

Balance at 1 Jan                                                        2,746,412,265                    182               5,010         2,609,489,702                    173              2,637
Shares issued under share-based schemes                                     3,257,115                      –                   2             6,142,213                      –                  8
Shares issued under Hong Kong public offer and
  international placing in 2021 note                                                     –                   –                  (6)        130,780,350                         9           2,365
Balance at 31 Dec                                                       2,749,669,380                    182               5,006         2,746,412,265                    182              5,010




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Directors’ remuneration report
Note
In October 2021, Prudential completed the issuance of new ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, resulting in net proceeds and an increase in shareholders’ equity of $2.4 billion. The
proceeds from this issuance were used to redeem high coupon debt instruments of US$1.3 billion in total in December 2021 and US$1.0 billion in January 2022, with the remainder used to increase
Prudential’s central stock of liquidity, as originally intended and disclosed in Prudential’s prospectus for the issuance.


Options outstanding under save as you earn schemes to subscribe for shares at each year end shown below are as follows:

                                                                                                                      Number of                 Share price range
                                                                                                                       shares to                                                   Exercisable by
                                                                                                                    subscribe for                  from                   to                year

31 Dec 2022                                                                                                          1,858,292                    737p              1,455p                  2028
31 Dec 2021                                                                                                           2,022,535                   964p              1,455p                  2027




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Financial statements
Transactions by Prudential plc and its subsidiaries in Prudential plc shares
The Group buys and sells Prudential plc shares (‘own shares’) in relation to its employee share schemes. The cost of own shares of $270 million at
31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: $267 million) is deducted from retained earnings. The Company has established trusts to facilitate the
delivery of shares under employee incentive plans. At 31 December 2022, 12.6 million (31 December 2021: 11.7 million) Prudential plc shares with
a market value of $174 million (31 December 2021: $201 million) were held in such trusts, all of which are for employee incentive plans. The
maximum number of shares held during the year was 13.0 million which was in September 2022.
  Within the trusts, shares are notionally allocated by business unit reflecting the employees to which the awards were made.
  The trusts purchased the following number of shares in respect of employee incentive plans:




                                                                                                                                                                                                     European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                                       2022                                                                               2021

                                                                    Share price                                                                      Share price

                                            Number                   Low                High                Cost              Number                  Low                 High                Cost
                                           of shares                   £                   £                   $             of shares                  £                    £                   $

January                                    63,019                12.93               13.14         1,120,889                 74,817                 14.12                14.48       1,443,158
February                                   65,223                12.43               12.49         1,098,500                 69,865                 12.42                12.96       1,251,067
March                                      73,193                10.37               10.96         1,055,044                 55,545                 14.91                15.49       1,189,784
April                                   4,024,410                10.64               11.29        58,880,934              2,438,884                 15.45                15.55      52,512,098
May                                       460,897                 8.95                9.05         5,288,807                 52,989                 15.82                15.96       1,183,836
June                                      196,180                10.13               11.70         2,402,464                121,472                 14.62                14.89       2,508,974
July                                       87,338                10.06               10.15         1,052,807                 60,473                 13.62                13.78       1,145,078
August                                     86,540                 9.81                9.95         1,029,843                 57,004                 14.20                14.37       1,128,450
September                                  90,843                 9.24                9.73         1,000,619                312,226                 14.89                15.24       7,961,098
October                                   175,837                 9.06                9.30         1,675,634                436,771                 14.48                14.99       8,410,274
November                                   79,326                 8.99                9.04           837,944                 53,867                 14.77                14.83       1,072,374
December                                   95,680                10.63               10.74         1,240,296                 76,926                 13.20                13.24       1,355,942




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Additional information
Total                                   5,498,486                                                 76,683,781              3,810,839                                                 81,162,133


The cost in USD shown has been calculated from the share prices in pounds sterling using the monthly average exchange rate for the month in
which those shares were purchased.
  A portion of the share purchases in respect of employee incentive plans as shown in the table above were made on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange with the remainder being made on the London Stock Exchange.
  Other than set out above, the Group did not purchase, sell or redeem any Prudential plc listed securities during 2022.

                                                                                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022             335
C Financial position / continued




 C9 Provisions

                                                                                                                        31 Dec 2022      31 Dec 2021
                                                                                                                                 $m               $m

Staff benefits provisions note (i)                                                                                            341                355
Other provisions                                                                                                                7                 17
Total provisions note (ii)                                                                                                    348                372

Notes
(i)   Provisions for staff benefits are generally expected to be paid out within the next three years.
(ii)  Analysis of movement in total provisions is shown below:
                                                                                                                           2022 $m           2021 $m

      Balance at 1 Jan                                                                                                        372                350
      Removal of discontinued US operations                                                                                     –                (14)
      Charged (credited) to income statement:
        Additional provisions                                                                                                  231               263
        Unused amounts released                                                                                                (20)              (15)
      Utilisation during the year                                                                                             (221)             (204)
      Exchange differences                                                                                                     (14)               (8)
      Balance at 31 Dec                                                                                                       348                372



 C10 Capital
C10.1 Group objectives, policies and processes for managing capital
(a) Capital measure
The Group manages its Group GWS capital resources as its measure of capital. At 31 December 2022, estimated Group shareholder GWS capital
resources is $23.2 billion (31 December 2021: $25.5 billion). The impacts of regulatory updates, estimated as at 31 December 2021, and
$1.7 billion debt redemption in January 2022, are included within the 31 December 2021 capital resources.

(b) External capital requirements
Prudential plc is subject to the Group-wide Supervision (GWS) Framework issued by the Hong Kong Insurance Authority (IA).
   Prudential applies the Insurance (Group Capital) Rules set out in the GWS Framework to determine group regulatory capital requirements (both
minimum and prescribed levels). The summation of local statutory capital requirements across the Group is used to determine group regulatory
capital requirements, with no allowance for diversification between business operations. The GWS eligible group capital resources are determined
by the summation of capital resources across local solvency regimes for regulated entities and IFRS shareholders’ equity, with adjustments where
applicable, for non-regulated entities.
   The recent trend to more risk-based capital regimes being adopted in many of the Group’s markets is continuing and this impacts on the Group’s
GWS capital measure, which is underpinned by the local regulatory regimes of the Group’s subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates. C-ROSS
Phase II became effective in the Chinese Mainland in the first quarter of 2022 and, in April 2022, Prudential Hong Kong Limited received approval
from the Hong Kong IA to early adopt the new risk-based capital regime (HK RBC) effective from 1 January 2022.
   More details on Group capital are given in section I(i) in the Additional unaudited financial information section.

(c) Meeting of capital management objectives
The GWS group capital adequacy requirements have been met since the GWS Framework became effective for Prudential upon designation. This
includes maintaining total eligible group capital resources in excess of the Group Prescribed Capital Requirement (GPCR) of the supervised group
and maintaining Tier 1 group capital resources in excess of the Group Minimum Capital Requirement (GMCR) of the supervised group.
   The Group’s capital management framework focuses on achieving sustainable, profitable growth and maintaining a resilient balance sheet,
with a disciplined approach to active capital allocation. As well as holding sufficient capital to meet GWS requirements at Group level, the Group
also closely manages the cash it holds within its central holding companies so that it can:
> Fund new opportunities;
> Maintain flexibility and absorb shock events;
> Cover central costs; and
> Fund dividends.
More details on holding company cash flows and balances are given in section I(v) in the Additional unaudited financial information section.
  The Group monitors regulatory capital, economic capital and rating agency capital metrics and manages the business within its risk appetite by
remaining within its economic and regulatory capital limits. Reserve adequacy testing under a range of scenarios and dynamic solvency testing is
carried out, including under certain scenarios mandated by the local regulators.
  The sensitivity of liabilities and other components of total capital vary depending upon the type of business concerned and this conditions the
approach to asset/liability management.



336                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                            prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                            Group overview




C10.2 Local capital regulations
(a) Insurance operations



                                                                                                                                                            Strategic report
For regulated insurance entities, the capital resources and required capital included in the GWS capital measure for Hong Kong IA Group
regulatory purposes are based on the local solvency regime applicable in each jurisdiction. The local valuation basis for the assets, liabilities and
capital requirements of significant insurance operations are:

CPL
A risk-based capital, risk management and governance framework, known as the China Risk Oriented Solvency System (C-ROSS), applies in the
Chinese Mainland. Under C-ROSS, insurers are required to maintain a core solvency ratio (core capital over minimum capital) and a comprehensive
solvency ratio (capital resources over minimum capital) of not lower than 50 per cent and 100 per cent, respectively.
   The actual capital is the difference between the admitted assets and admitted liabilities with trading and AFS assets marked-to-market and


                                                                                                                                                            Governance
other assets at book value. Policyholder liabilities are based on a gross premium valuation method using best estimate assumptions with a
separate risk margin.
   The final regulations of C-ROSS Phase II became effective in the first quarter of 2022. The main updates to the local regulation were to
introduce explicit tiering and admissibility rules on negative reserves in the capital resources and further updates to the risk calibrations used in
calculating capital requirements.

Hong Kong
In April 2022, Prudential Hong Kong Limited received approval from the Hong Kong IA to early adopt the new risk-based capital regime (HK RBC)
effective from 1 January 2022. The HK RBC framework requires liabilities to be based on a gross premium valuation method using best estimate




                                                                                                                                                            Directors’ remuneration report
assumptions and capital requirements to be risk-based, resulting in the release of prudent regulatory margins previously included in liabilities and
an increase in required capital.

Indonesia
Solvency capital is determined using a risk-based capital approach. The capital resources are based on assets that are marked-to-market, with
policyholder liabilities based on a gross premium valuation method using best estimate assumptions with a suitable margin for prudence.
Liabilities are zeroised at policy level (ie negative liabilities are not permitted at a policy level). For unit-linked policies, an unearned premium
reserve is established.

Malaysia
A risk-based capital framework applies in Malaysia. The local regulator, Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM), has set a Supervisory Target Capital Level of
130 per cent, below which supervisory actions of increasing intensity will be taken. Each insurer is also required to set its own Individual Target




                                                                                                                                                            Financial statements
Capital Level to reflect its own risk profile and this is expected to be higher than the Supervisory Target Capital Level.
   The capital resources are based on assets that are marked-to-market, with policyholder liabilities based on a gross premium valuation method
using best estimate assumptions with a suitable margin for prudence. Liabilities are zeroised at a fund level (ie negative liabilities are not
permitted at a fund level). The BNM has initiated a review of its RBC framework and a discussion paper on the design of the updated RBC
framework was issued on 30 June 2021 with industry feedback provided by 30 September 2021. The BNM have yet to issue their final technical
specifications and the exact timing of implementation of potential revisions remains uncertain as these would need to be subject to quantitative
impact studies and parallel run prior to introduction.
   Market liberalisation measures were introduced by BNM in April 2009, which increases the limit from 49 per cent to 70 per cent on foreign
equity ownership for insurance companies and Takaful operators in Malaysia. A higher foreign equity limit beyond 70 per cent for insurance




                                                                                                                                                            European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
companies will be considered by BNM on a case by case basis, for example, for companies who support expansion of providing insurance coverage
to the most vulnerable in Malaysian society.

Singapore
A risk-based capital framework applies in Singapore. The local regulator, Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS), has the authority to direct
insurance companies to satisfy additional capital adequacy requirements in addition to those set forth under the Singapore Insurance Act, if
considered appropriate. The capital resources are based on assets that are marked-to-market, with policyholder liabilities based on a gross
premium valuation method using best estimate assumptions with a suitable margin for prudence. The updated risk-based capital framework
(RBC2) permits the recognition of a prudent allowance for negative reserves in the capital resources.

(b) Asset management operations – regulatory and other surplus
Certain asset management subsidiaries of the Group are subject to local regulatory requirements. The movement in the year of the estimated
surplus regulatory capital position (over the GPCR) of those subsidiaries, combined with the movement in the IFRS basis shareholders’ equity for
unregulated asset management operations, is as follows:

                                                                                                                                  2022 $m       2021 $m




                                                                                                                                                            Additional information
Balance at 1 Jan                                                                                                                       522           453
Gains during the year                                                                                                                  187           266
Movement in capital requirement                                                                                                         15             3
Capital injection                                                                                                                        3             6
Distributions made to the parent company                                                                                              (214)         (201)
Exchange and other movements                                                                                                           (47)           (5)
Balance at 31 Dec                                                                                                                     466           522


                                                                                                        Prudential plc Annual Report 2022     337
C Financial position / continued




C10 Capital continued
C10.3 Transferability of capital resources
The amounts retained within the insurance companies are at levels that provide an appropriate level of capital strength in excess of the local
regulatory minimum capital requirements. The businesses may, in general, remit dividends to parent entities, provided the statutory insurance
fund meets the local regulatory solvency requirements and there are sufficient statutory accounting profits. For with-profits funds, the excess of
assets over liabilities is retained within the funds, with distribution to shareholders tied to the shareholders’ share of declared bonuses.
  Capital resources of the non-insurance business units are transferable after taking account of an appropriate level of operating capital, based
on local regulatory solvency requirements, where relevant.


C11 Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment comprise Group occupied properties and tangible assets. Property, plant and equipment also includes right-of-use
assets for operating leases of properties occupied by the Group and leases of equipment and other tangible assets. All property, plant and
equipment, including the right-of-use assets under operating leases, are held at cost less cumulative depreciation, calculated using the straight-line
method, and impairment charge.
   A reconciliation of the carrying amount of the Group’s property, plant and equipment from the beginning to the end of the years shown is as
follows:

                                                                      2022 $m                                           2021 $m

                                                         Group                                           Group
                                                       occupied   Tangible    Right-of-                occupied     Tangible    Right-of-
                                                       property     assets   use assets     Total      property       assets   use assets        Total

Balance at 1 Jan
Cost                                                        33       489          678     1,200            355          707         710         1,772
Accumulated depreciation                                   (10)     (349)        (363)     (722)           (88)        (523)       (268)         (879)
Opening net book amount                                     23       140          315       478            267         184          442           893
Removal of discontinued US operations                         –        –            –         –           (242)        (32)         (35)         (309)
Additions                                                     –       34           49        83              –          36           59            95
Depreciation and impairment charge                            –      (39)        (106)     (145)            (1)        (45)        (123)         (169)
Disposals, transfers and lease modifications                  –       (2)          26        24              –           –          (22)          (22)
Effect of movements in exchange rates                       (1)       (7)         (13)      (21)            (1)         (3)          (6)          (10)
Balance at 31 Dec                                           22       126          271       419             23         140          315           478
Representing:
Cost                                                        32        486         676     1,194             33          489         678         1,200
Accumulated depreciation                                  (10)       (360)       (405)     (775)           (10)        (349)       (363)         (722)
Closing net book amount                                     22       126          271       419             23         140          315           478

Right-of-use assets
The Group does not have any right-of-use assets that would meet the definition of investment property. As at 31 December 2022, total right-of-
use assets comprised $267 million (31 December 2021: $311 million) of property and $4 million (31 December 2021: $4 million) of non-property
assets. Of the $271 million (31 December 2021: $315 million) total right-of-use assets, $105 million (31 December 2021: $128 million) were held by
the Group’s with-profits businesses.
   Extension and termination options are included in a number of property and equipment leases across the Group. These are used to maximise
operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group’s operations. The majority of extension and termination options held are
exercisable only by the Group and not by the respective lessor. The Group assesses at lease commencement whether it is reasonably certain to
exercise the option. This assertion is revisited if there is a material change in circumstances. As at 31 December 2022, the undiscounted value of
lease payments beyond the break period not recognised in the lease liabilities is $189 million (31 December 2021: $201 million).
   The Group has non-cancellable property subleases which have been classified as operating leases under IFRS 16. The sublease rental income
received in 2022 for the leases is $6 million (2021: $6 million).




338                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                   prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                   Group overview




Tangible assets
At 31 December 2022, of the $126 million (31 December 2021: $140 million) tangible assets, $53 million (31 December 2021: $63 million) were



                                                                                                                                                   Strategic report
held by the Group’s with-profits businesses.

Capital expenditure: property, plant and equipment by segment
The capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment in 2022 of $34 million (2021: $36 million) arose as follows:

                                                                                                                             2022 $m     2021 $m

Hong Kong                                                                                                                          11         9
Indonesia                                                                                                                           1         1
Malaysia                                                                                                                            1         2


                                                                                                                                                   Governance
Singapore                                                                                                                           3         1
Growth markets and other                                                                                                           16        19
Eastspring                                                                                                                          2         3
Total segment                                                                                                                      34        35
Unallocated to a segment (central operations)                                                                                       –         1
Total capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment                                                                         34        36




                                                                                                                                                   Directors’ remuneration report




                                                                                                                                                   Financial statements




                                                                                                                                                   European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                                   Additional information




                                                                                                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    339
D Other information




 D1 Corporate transactions
D1.1 Gain (loss) attaching to corporate transactions
Corporate transactions include those associated with the disposal of the Group’s entities amongst other items. Where there is a disposal, income
and expenses of entities sold during the year are included in the income statement up to the date of disposal. The gain or loss on disposal is
calculated as the difference between sale proceeds net of selling costs, less the net assets of the entity at the date of disposal, adjusted for foreign
exchange movements attaching to the sold entity that are required to be recycled to the income statement under IAS 21.

                                                                                                                                                                            2022 $m              2021 $m

Gain (loss) attaching to corporate transactions as shown separately on the Consolidated income statement note                                                                      55                   (35)
Loss arising on reinsurance transaction undertaken by the Hong Kong business                                                                                                      (44)                  (59)
Total gain (loss) attaching to corporate transactions note B1.1                                                                                                                    11                   (94)

Note
The gain (loss) attaching to corporate transactions largely comprises a gain of $62 million (2021: $23 million) from the sale of shares relating to the Group’s retained interest in Jackson post the
demerger. Other corporate transactions in 2021 largely represent costs associated with the demerger of Jackson.

D1.2 Discontinued US operations
On 13 September 2021, the Group completed the separation of its US operations (Jackson) through a demerger. In accordance with IFRS 5
‘Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations’, the US operations were classified as discontinued. The 2021 income statement
included the results of Jackson up to 13 September 2021, the date of demerger.
   The retained interest in Jackson is reported within the Consolidated statement of financial position as a financial investment at fair value and is
included in ‘Unallocated to a segment (central operations)’ for segmental analysis. This investment has been classified as available-for-sale under
IAS 39. During 2022, transactions reduced the Group’s holding to 9.2 per cent (both voting and economic interest) at 31 December 2022
(31 December 2021: 18.4 per cent economic interest with 18.5 per cent voting interest). The fair value of the Group’s holding at 31 December 2022
was $266 million (31 December 2021: $683 million).
   The results for the discontinued US operations presented in the consolidated financial statements up to the demerger in September 2021 are
analysed below.

(a) Income statement

                                                                                                                                                                                                 2021 $m

Total revenue, net of reinsurance                                                                                                                                                                 45,972
Total charge, net of reinsurance                                                                                                                                                                 (43,655)
Profit before tax                                                                                                                                                                                   2,317
Tax charge                                                                                                                                                                                           (363)
Profit after tax                                                                                                                                                                                    1,954
Remeasurement to fair value note (i)                                                                                                                                                               (8,259)
Cumulative valuation movements on available-for-sale debt securities, net of related tax and change in DAC, and net investment hedges
  recycled from other comprehensive income note (ii)                                                                                                                                                1,278
Loss for the year                                                                                                                                                                                  (5,027)
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the Company                                                                                                                                                                      (4,234)
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                                                                            (793)
Loss for the year                                                                                                                                                                                  (5,027)

Notes
(i)   The loss on remeasurement to fair value on demerger was recognised in accordance with IFRIC 17 ‘Distributions of non-cash assets to owners’ with the fair value determined with reference to the
      opening quoted price of Jackson shares on the New York Stock Exchange as at the date of demerger on 13 September 2021.
(ii)  In accordance with IFRS, as a result of the demerger of Jackson, accumulated balances previously recognised through other comprehensive income relating to financial instruments held by
      Jackson classified as available-for-sale and historical net investment hedges were recycled from other comprehensive income to the results of discontinued operations in the Consolidated income
      statement. Total shareholders’ equity is unchanged as a result of this recycling.




340                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                               prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                         Group overview




(b) Total comprehensive income




                                                                                                                                                                                         Strategic report
                                                                                                                                                                              2021 $m

Loss for the year                                                                                                                                                             (5,027)
Other comprehensive loss:
  Valuation movements on available-for-sale debt securities, net of related tax and change in DAC                                                                               (763)
  Cumulative valuation movements on available-for-sale debt securities, net of related tax and change in DAC, and net investment hedges
      recycled through profit or loss at the point of demerger                                                                                                                (1,278)
Other comprehensive loss for the year                                                                                                                                         (2,041)
Total comprehensive loss for the year                                                                                                                                         (7,068)


                                                                                                                                                                                         Governance
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the Company                                                                                                                                                 (6,283)
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                                                       (785)
Total comprehensive loss for the year                                                                                                                                         (7,068)

(c) Cash flows

                                                                                                                                                                              2021 $m




                                                                                                                                                                                         Directors’ remuneration report
Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                                                                                         (423)
Net cash flows from financing activities note                                                                                                                                   2,329
Cash divested upon demerger                                                                                                                                                    (3,527)
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                      (1,621)
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 Jan                                                                                                                                              1,621
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 Dec                                                                                                                                                –

Note
Financing activities in 2021 largely reflected the issuance of debt of $2,350 million. No dividends were paid by Jackson during 2021 prior to demerger.



 D2 Contingencies and related obligations


                                                                                                                                                                                         Financial statements
Litigation and regulatory matters
The Group is involved in various litigation and regulatory proceedings. While the outcome of such litigation and regulatory issues cannot be
predicted with certainty, the Group believes that their ultimate outcome will not have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition,
results of operations, or cash flows.

Guarantees
The Group has provided guarantees and commitments to third parties entered into in the normal course of business and the Company has
guaranteed public debt securities issued by one of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Prudential Funding (Asia) PLC from early 2023. The Group




                                                                                                                                                                                         European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
considers the likelihood of outflows arising under such guarantees and commitments as remote.

Intra-group capital support arrangements
Prudential has put in place intra-group arrangements to formalise undertakings by Prudential to the regulators of the Hong Kong subsidiaries
regarding their solvency levels. Other intra-group transactions are discussed in note D4 below.


 D3 Post balance sheet events
Dividends
The 2022 second interim dividend approved by the Board of Directors after 31 December 2022 is as described in note B5.

Debt redemption
On 20 January 2023 the Company redeemed senior debt instruments of £300 million, as described in note C5.1.




                                                                                                                                                                                         Additional information




                                                                                                                                         Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   341
D Other information / continued




D4 Related party transactions
Transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries or intra-group transactions are eliminated on consolidation. Intra-group transactions of
the Group mainly related to a limited number of loans, guarantees or services provided by the Company to or from others business units, or
between business units, including investment management services provided by the Group’s asset managers to the insurance operations
businesses as shown in note B1.3. All intra-group transactions are subject to the same internal approval framework as external transactions. As the
Group’s business units operate independently, overall there is limited interconnectedness across the Group. The Group reviews its recovery plan
(that also covers intra-group transactions and the level of the Group’s interconnectivity risk) on an annual basis and details the remedial actions
that could be used to restore financial strength and viability if the Group were to come under severe stress.
   The Company has transactions and outstanding balances with collective investment schemes and similar entities that are not consolidated
and where a Group company acts as manager, which are regarded as related parties for the purposes of IAS 24. The balances are included in the
Group’s statement of financial position at fair value or amortised cost in accordance with IAS 39 classifications with the corresponding amounts
included in the income statement. The transactions include amounts paid on issue of shares or units, amounts received on cancellation of shares
or units and amounts paid in respect of the periodic charge and administration fee.
   In addition, there are no material transactions between the Group’s joint ventures and associates, which are accounted for on an equity method
basis, and other Group companies.
   Key management personnel of the Company, as described in note B2.3, may from time to time purchase insurance, asset management or
annuity products marketed by Group companies in the ordinary course of business on substantially the same terms as those prevailing at the time
for comparable transactions with other persons.
   In 2022, transactions with key management personnel were not deemed to be significant both by virtue of their size and in the context of the
individuals’ financial positions. All of these transactions were on terms broadly equivalent to those that prevailed in arm’s-length transactions.
   On 5 April 2021, pursuant to a separation agreement, Jackson National Life agreed to pay circa $23.5 million to Michael Falcon, the former
chief executive officer of Jackson, as a series of cash lump sum payments for termination of loss of office, and agreed that Mr Falcon would retain
98,311 Prudential ADRs that had been previously deferred under the Deferred Annual Incentive Plan. Prudential agreed to reimburse Jackson
National Life for such payments and settled this obligation prior to the demerger on 13 September 2021. On completion of the demerger, the
Prudential ADRs were translated into Jackson Shares with an equivalent value. They will be released on the original timeline, ie in 2022 and 2023,
and remain subject to the original malus and clawback provisions. Other transactions with those individuals meeting the definition of key
management personnel in 2021 were not deemed to be significant using the criteria described above.
   Additional details on the Directors’ interests in shares, transactions or arrangements are given in the Directors’ remuneration report. Key
management remuneration is disclosed in note B2.3.


D5 Commitments
The Group has provided, from time to time, certain commitments to third parties.
   At 31 December 2022, the Group had $2,626 million unfunded commitments (31 December 2021: $2,878 million) primarily related to
investments in infrastructure funds and alternative investment funds in Asia.


D6 Investments in subsidiary undertakings, joint ventures and associates
D6.1 Basis of consolidation
The Group consolidates those investees it is deemed to control. The Group has control over an investee if all three of the followings are met: (1) it
has power over an investee; (2) it is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and (3) it has the ability to
use its power over the investee to affect its own returns.

(a) Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are those investees that the Group controls. The majority of the Group’s subsidiaries are corporate entities.
   The Group performs a re-assessment of consolidation whenever there is a change in the substance of the relationship between the Group and
an investee. Where the Group is deemed to control an entity, it is treated as a subsidiary and its results, assets and liabilities are consolidated.
Where the Group holds a minority share in an entity with no control over the entity, the investments are carried at fair value within financial
investments in the Consolidated statement of financial position.
   Entities consolidated by the Group include Qualifying Partnerships as defined under the UK Partnerships (Accounts) Regulations 2008 (the
‘Partnerships Act’). The Group’s limited partnership has taken advantage of the exemption under regulation 7 of the Partnerships Act from the
financial statement requirements. This is under regulations 4 to 6, on the basis that the limited partnership is dealt with on a consolidated basis in
these financial statements.




342                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                        prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                            Group overview




(b) Joint ventures and associates
Joint ventures are joint arrangements arising from a contractual agreement whereby the Group and other investors have joint control of the net



                                                                                                                                                            Strategic report
assets of the arrangement. In a number of these arrangements, the Group’s share of the underlying net assets may be less than 50 per cent but
the terms of the relevant agreement make it clear that control is jointly exercised between the Group and the third party. Associates are entities
over which the Group has significant influence but does not control. Generally, it is presumed that the Group has significant influence if it holds
between 20 per cent and 50 per cent voting rights of an entity.
   With the exception of those referred to below, the Group accounts for its investments in joint ventures and associates using the equity method
of accounting. The Group’s share of profit or loss of its joint ventures and associates is recognised in the income statement and its share of
movements in other comprehensive income is recognised in other comprehensive income. The equity method of accounting does not apply to
investments in joint ventures and associates held by the Group’s insurance or investment funds, including collective investment schemes which, as
allowed by IAS 28 ‘Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures’, are carried at fair value through profit or loss.

                                                                                                                                                            Governance
(c) Structured entities
Structured entities are those that have been designed so that voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in deciding who controls the
entity. Voting rights relate to administrative tasks. Relevant activities are directed by means of contractual arrangements. The Group invests in
both consolidated and unconsolidated structured entities including investment vehicles such as collective investment schemes, collateralised debt
obligations, mortgage-backed securities and similar asset-backed securities.

Collective investment schemes
The Group invests in collective investment schemes that invest mainly in equities, bonds, cash and cash equivalents and properties. In assessing




                                                                                                                                                            Directors’ remuneration report
control under IFRS 10 ‘Consolidated Financial Statements’, the Group determines whether it is acting as principal or agent and the variable returns
from its involvement with these entities. The Group’s percentage ownership in these entities can fluctuate on a daily basis according to the
participation of the Group and other investors.
   Where the entity is managed by a Group asset manager:
> Where the Group’s ownership holding in the entity exceeds 50 per cent, the Group is judged to have control over the entity;
> Where the Group’s ownership holding in the entity is between 20 per cent and 50 per cent, the facts and circumstances of the Group’s
  involvement in the entity are considered, including the rights to any fees earned by the asset manager, in forming a judgement as to whether
  the Group has control over the entity;
> Where the Group’s ownership holding in the entity is less than 20 per cent, the Group is judged to not have control over the entity.
Where the entity is managed by an asset manager outside the Group, an assessment is made of whether the Group has existing rights that gives
it the ability to direct the current activities of the entity and therefore control the entity. In assessing the Group’s ability to direct an entity, the



                                                                                                                                                            Financial statements
Group considers its ability relative to other investors.
    Where the Group is deemed to control an entity, it is treated as a subsidiary and is consolidated, with the interests of investors other than the
Group being classified as liabilities, and presented within ‘Net asset value attributable to unit holders of consolidated investment funds’.
    Where the Group does not control these entities (where the Group is deemed to be acting as an agent under IFRS 10) and they do not meet the
definition of associates, they are carried at FVTPL within financial investments in the Consolidated statement of financial position.
    Where the Group’s asset manager sets up investment funds as part of its asset management operations, unless the Group also participates in
the ownership holding of the entities, the Group’s interest is limited to the fees charged to manage the assets of such entities. With no
participation in ownership holding of these entities, the Group does not retain risks associated with investment funds. For these investment funds,




                                                                                                                                                            European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
the Group is not deemed to control the entities but deemed to be acting as an agent.
    The Group generates returns and retains the ownership risks in these investment vehicles commensurate to its participation and does not have
any further exposure to the residual risks of these investment vehicles.

Other structured entities
The Group holds investments in mortgage-backed securities, collateralised debt obligations and similar asset-backed securities, the majority of
which are actively traded in a liquid market.
   The Group consolidates the vehicles that hold the investments where the Group is deemed to control the vehicles. When assessing control over
the vehicles, the factors considered include the purpose and design of the vehicle, the Group’s exposure to the variability of returns and the scope
of the Group’s ability to direct the relevant activities of the vehicle including any kick-out or removal rights that are held by third parties. The
outcome of the control assessment is dependent on the terms and conditions of the respective individual arrangements.
   The majority of such vehicles are not consolidated. In these cases, the Group is not the sponsor of the vehicles in which it holds investments and
has no administrative rights over the vehicles’ activities. The Group generates returns and retains the ownership risks commensurate to its holding
and its exposure to the investments and does not have any further exposure to the residual risks or losses of the investments or the vehicles in
which it holds investments. Accordingly, the Group does not have power over the relevant activities of such vehicles and all are carried at FVTPL
within financial investments in the Consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                                                                                                            Additional information




                                                                                                        Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    343
D Other information / continued




 D6 Investments in subsidiary undertakings, joint ventures and associates continued
D6.1 Basis of consolidation continued
The table below provides aggregate carrying amounts of the investments in unconsolidated structured entities reported in the Group’s
Consolidated statement of financial position:

                                                                                                                              31 Dec 2022 $m                             31 Dec 2021 $m

                                                                                                                                                    Other                                      Other
                                                                                                                         Investment            structured                                 structured
Consolidated statement of financial position line items                                                                        funds              entities          Investment               entities

Equity securities and holdings in collective investment schemes                                                              30,771                    –                35,446                    –
Debt securities                                                                                                                   –                  370                     –                  251
Total investments in unconsolidated structured entities                                                                      30,771                  370                35,446                  251


The Group’s maximum exposure to loss related to the interest in unconsolidated structured entities is limited to the carrying value in the
Consolidated statement of financial position and the unfunded investment commitments provided by the Group (see note D5).
   During the year, the Group receives dividend and interest income from its investments in these unconsolidated structured entities. Where the
Group’s asset manager manages these entities, such as the collective investment schemes, the Group also receives asset management fees from
these entities.
   As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group does not have an agreement, contractual or otherwise, or intention to provide financial support
to structured entities (both consolidated and unconsolidated) that could expose the Group to a loss.

D6.2 Dividend restrictions and minimum capital requirements
Certain Group entities are subject to restrictions on the amounts of funds they may transfer in the form of cash dividends or otherwise to the
parent company.
  Under UK company law, UK companies can only declare dividends if they have sufficient distributable reserves.
  The Group’s subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates may remit dividends to the Group, in general, provided the statutory insurance fund
meets the capital adequacy standard required under local statutory regulations and has sufficient distributable reserves. Further details on local
capital regulations in certain Asia operations are provided in note C10.2.

D6.3 Investments in joint ventures and associates
Joint ventures represent arrangements where the controlling parties through contractual or other agreement have the rights to the net assets of
the arrangements. The Group has insurance and asset management joint ventures in Chinese Mainland with CITIC Group and an asset
management joint venture in India with ICICI Bank. In addition, there is an asset management joint venture in Hong Kong with Bank of China
International Holdings Limited (BOCI) and Takaful insurance joint venture in Malaysia. For the Group’s joint ventures that are accounted for using
the equity method, the net-of-tax results of these operations are included in the Group’s profit before tax.
   The Group’s associates, which are also accounted for using the equity method, include the Indian insurance entity (with the majority
shareholder being ICICI Bank).
   In addition, the Group has investments in collective investment schemes, funds holding collateralised debt obligations and property funds
where the Group has significant influence. As allowed under IAS 28, these investments are accounted for on a FVTPL basis. The aggregate fair
value of associates accounted for at fair value through profit or loss, where there are published price quotations, is approximately $0.3 billion at
31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: $0.6 billion).
   For joint ventures and associates accounted for using the equity method, the 12 months financial information of these investments for the
years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 (covering the same period as that of the Group) has been used in these consolidated financial
statements.
   The Group’s share of the profit for shareholder-backed business (including short-term fluctuations in investment returns), net of related tax, in
joint ventures and associates equity accounted for as shown in the Consolidated income statement, is allocated across segments as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                       2022 $m             2021 $m

CPL                                                                                                                                                                        (144)                278
Hong Kong                                                                                                                                                                     –                   9
Malaysia                                                                                                                                                                     24                  28
Growth markets and other note                                                                                                                                                 5                (110)
Insurance operations                                                                                                                                                       (115)                205
Eastspring                                                                                                                                                                  144                 147
Total segment and Group total                                                                                                                                                 29                352

Note
For growth markets and other, as well as the segment results for associates and joint ventures within the segment, the amount shown includes other items of $15 million (2021: $(38) million) which
primarily comprise of taxes for all life joint ventures and associates together with other non-recurring items.




344                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                          prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                           Group overview




There is no other comprehensive income in the joint ventures and associates other than the foreign exchange differences that arise from
translating the associates and joint ventures into the Group’s presentational currency. There has been no unrecognised share of losses of a joint



                                                                                                                                                           Strategic report
venture or associate that the Group has stopped recognising in total comprehensive income.
   The Group’s interest in joint ventures and associates gives rise to no contingent liabilities or capital commitments that are material to the Group.

CITIC-Prudential Life Insurance Company (CPL)
CPL is the Group’s joint venture with the CITIC Group in which the Group owns a 50 per cent interest. The joint venture is incorporated in China and
is principally engaged in underwriting insurance and investment contracts. The summarised financial information for CPL, which is considered to
be a material joint venture to the Group, is set out below. The financial information represents the entity’s financial statements prepared in
accordance with Group’s IFRS accounting policies, on a 100 per cent basis, for the years shown:



                                                                                                                                                           Governance
                                                                                                                              31 Dec 2022    31 Dec 2021
Statement of financial position:                                                                                                       $m             $m

Total assets                                                                                                                      31,608        29,237
Total liabilities (including non-controlling interest)                                                                            29,330        26,523
Shareholders’ equity                                                                                                               2,278          2,714
The above amounts of assets and liabilities include the following:
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                            561           422
Financial liabilities (excluding trade and other payables and provisions)                                                            985           938




                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ remuneration report
Income statement:                                                                                                                2022 $m        2021 $m

Revenue                                                                                                                            5,778          7,374
Profit for the year after tax                                                                                                       (248)           453
The above profit for the year includes the following:
Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                                        (106)         (86)
Interest income                                                                                                                       599          465
Interest expense                                                                                                                       (3)          (2)
Income tax credit (charge)                                                                                                             40          (84)


The summarised financial information above is reconciled to the carrying amount of the Group’s interest in the joint venture recognised in the




                                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
consolidated financial statements as follows:

                                                                                                                              31 Dec 2022    31 Dec 2021
                                                                                                                                       $m             $m

Net assets of CITIC-Prudential Life as shown above                                                                                 2,278          2,714
Proportion owned by the joint venture partner (50%)                                                                                1,139          1,357
Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in the joint venture (50%)                                                                 1,139          1,357


The Group has received no dividends from CPL in 2022 (2021: $57 million).




                                                                                                                                                           European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                                           Additional information




                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022     345
D Other information / continued




 D6 Investments in subsidiary undertakings, joint ventures and associates continued
D6.4 Related undertakings
In accordance with Section 409 of the Companies Act 2006, a list of Prudential Group’s subsidiaries, joint ventures, associates and significant
holdings (being holdings of more than 20 per cent) is disclosed below, along with the classes of shares held, the registered office address and the
effective percentage of equity owned at 31 December 2022. The Group also operates through branches, none of which are significant.
   The definitions of a subsidiary undertaking, joint venture and associate in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 are different from the
definition under IFRS Standards. As a result, the related undertakings included within the list below may not be the same as the undertakings
consolidated in the Group consolidated financial statements. The Group’s consolidation policy is described in note D6.1.


                                                                                                        Prudential plc


                                                                                                                              Prudential Group Holdings Limited
                                                             Prudential Corporation Asia Limited
                                                                                                                                       and subsidiaries




                              Prudential                                                                                                            Growth markets
                              Hong Kong                                                                                                                and other
      CITIC-                                                                                              Prudential                                    entities†
                               Limited                                               Prudential                                 Eastspring                                    Prudential
    Prudential                                        PT. Prudential                                      Assurance                                  (including Africa,
                                                                                     Assurance                                 Investments                                   International
  Life Insurance              Prudential              Life Assurance                                      Company                                    Cambodia, India,
                                                                                     Malaysia                                 Group Pte. Ltd.†                                 Treasury
     Company                   General                 (Indonesia)†                                    Singapore (Pte)                                Laos, Myanmar,
                                                                                      Berhad†                                 and subsidiaries                                  Limited
  Limited† (CPL)*          Insurance Hong                                                                  Limited†                                     Philippines,
                                                                                                                                                     Taiwan, Thailand,
                            Kong Limited                                                                                                                 Vietnam)


* CPL is a joint venture with CITIC, a leading state owned conglomerate.
† Indirectly held by Prudential Corporation Asia Limited.



Direct subsidiary undertakings of the parent company, Prudential plc (shares held directly or via nominees)
                                                                    Classes of Proportion
Name of entity                                                     shares held       held         Registered office address
Prudential Corporation Asia Limited                                            OS      100.00%    13th Floor, One International Finance Centre, 1 Harbour View Street, Central, Hong Kong
Prudential Group Holdings Limited                                              OS      100.00%    1 Angel Court, London, EC2R 7AG, United Kingdom


Other subsidiaries, joint ventures, associates and significant holdings of the Group – no shares held directly by the parent company (Prudential plc)
or its nominees
                                                                    Classes of Proportion
Name of entity                                                     shares held       held         Registered office address
Aberdeen Cash Creation Fund                                                     U       30.62%    28th Floor Bangkok City Tower, 179 South Sathorn Road, Thungmahamek, Sathorn,
                                                                                                  Bangkok 10120, Thailand
Aberdeen Standard Global Opportunities Fund                                     U       34.61%    21 Church Street, #01-01, Capital Square Two, Singapore 049480
Aberdeen Standard Singapore Equity Fund                                         U       62.18%
AC Financial Partners Limited Partnership                                      PI      100.00%    65 Haymarket Terrace, Edinburgh, EH12 5HD
Alternatives North America, Ltd.                                                U      100.00%    PO Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands
BOCHK Aggressive Growth Fund                                                    U       47.75%    27th Floor, Bank of China Tower, 1 Garden Road, Hong Kong
BOCHK Balanced Growth Fund                                                      U       41.47%
BOCHK China Equity Fund                                                         U       73.71%
BOCHK Conservative Growth Fund                                                  U       42.71%
BOCHK US Dollar Money Market Fund                                               U       21.91%
BOCI-Prudential Asset Management Limited                                       OS       36.00%
BOCI-Prudential Trustee Limited                                                OS       36.00%    Suites 1501-1507 & 1513-1516, 15th Floor, 1111 King's Road, Taikoo Shing, Hong Kong
Cathay High Yield Ex China Cash Pay 1-5 Year 2% Issuer                          U       42.71%    6th Floor, No.39, Sec.2, Dunhua South. Road, Taipei, Taiwan
Capped ETF
CITIC-CP Asset Management Co., Ltd.                                        MI - JV      26.95%    Room 101-2, No.128 North Zhangjiabang Road, Pudong District, Shanghai, China
CITIC-Prudential Fund Management Company Limited                           MI - JV      49.00%    Level 9, HSBC Building, Shanghai IFC, 8 Century Avenue, Pudong, Shanghai, China
CITIC-Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited                            MI - JV      50.00%    Room 1101-A, 1201, 1301, 1401, 1501, 1601, 1701, 1801, Unit 01, Building 1, No. B2, North
                                                                                                  Road of East Third Ring Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, PRC,100027, China
Eastspring Al-Wara' Investments Berhad                                         OS      100.00%    Level 25, Menara Hong Leong, No. 6 Jalan Damanlela, Bukit Damansara, 50490 Kuala
                                                                                                  Lumpur, Malaysia
Eastspring Asia Pacific High Yield Equity Fund                                  U       37.57%    4th Floor, No.1, Songzhi Road, Xinyi Dist., Taipei, Taiwan


346                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                 prudentialplc.com
                                                                                    Key to share classes:
                                                                                    LBG           Limited by Guarantee




                                                                                                                                                                                   Group overview
                                                                                    MI            Membership Interest
                                                                                    MI - WFOE	Membership Interest of a Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise in the Chinese Mainland
                                                                                    MI – JV 	Membership Interest of a Sino-Foreign Equity Joint Venture in the Chinese Mainland
                                                                                    OS            Ordinary Shares
                                                                                    PI            Partnership Interest
                                                                                    PS            Preference Shares
                                                                                    U             Units


                                                           Classes of Proportion
Name of entity                                            shares held       held   Registered office address




                                                                                                                                                                                   Strategic report
Eastspring Asset Management (Thailand) Co., Ltd.                 OS      59.50%    944 Mitrtown Office Tower, 9th Floor, Rama 4 Road, Wangmai, Pathumwan, Bangkok
                                                                                   10330, Thailand
Eastspring Asset Management Korea Co. Ltd.                       OS    100.00%     22nd Floor (Seoul International Finance Center, Yeouido dong), 10 Gukjegeumyung-ro,
                                                                                   Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea 07326
Eastspring Investment K-Short Term Bond Alpha Securities    U            27.54%    22nd Floor One IFC, 10 Gukjegeumyung-ro, Youngdungpo-gu, Seoul 07326, Korea
Investment Trust(Bond Balanced)
Eastspring Investment Management (Shanghai) Company MI - WFOE          100.00%     Unit 306-308, 3rd Floor, Azia Center, 1233 Lujiazui Ring Road, China (Shanghai) Pilot Free
Limited                                                                            Trade Zone, China
Eastspring Investments - Asia Opportunities Equity Fund     U           99.97%     26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Eastspring Investments - Global Growth Equity Fund          U           59.04%


                                                                                                                                                                                   Governance
Eastspring Investments - Global Low Volatility Equity Fund  U           96.36%
Eastspring Investments - Global Technology Fund             U           82.06%
Eastspring Investments - Pan European Fund                  U           61.34%
Eastspring Investments - US High Yield Bond Fund            U           46.85%
Eastspring Investments - US Investment Grade Bond Fund      U           68.91%
Eastspring Investments - World Value Equity Fund            U           95.64%
Eastspring Investments (Hong Kong) Limited                 OS          100.00%     13th Floor, One International Finance Centre, 1 Harbour View Street, Central, Hong Kong
Eastspring Investments (Luxembourg) S.A.                   OS          100.00%     26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
Eastspring Investments (Singapore) Limited                 OS          100.00%     10 Marina Boulevard, #32-01, Marina Bay Financial Centre, Singapore 018983




                                                                                                                                                                                   Directors’ remuneration report
Eastspring Investments Asia Pacific Equity Fund             U           93.92%     26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Eastspring Investments Asia Pacific ex-Japan Target Return  U           75.84%     Eastspring Investments Berhad, Level 22, Menara Prudential, Persiaran TRX Barat, 55188
Fund                                                                               Tun Razak Exchange, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Eastspring Investments Asia Real Estate Multi Asset Income  U            73.95%    26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Fund
Eastspring Investments Asia Sustainable Bond Fund           U           93.97%
Eastspring Investments Asian Bond Fund                      U           42.30%
Eastspring Investments Asian Dynamic Fund                   U           91.58%
Eastspring Investments Asian Equity Fund                    U           98.97%
Eastspring Investments Asian Equity Income Fund             U           87.52%
Eastspring Investments Asian High Yield Bond Fund           U           44.35%
Eastspring Investments Asian Investment Grade Bond Fund     U           90.06%




                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial statements
Eastspring Investments Asian Low Volatility Equity Fund     U           89.01%
Eastspring Investments Asian Multi Factor Equity Fund       U           90.94%
Eastspring Investments Berhad                              OS          100.00%     Level 25, Menara Hong Leong, No. 6 Jalan Damanlela, Bukit Damansara, 50490 Kuala
                                                                                   Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia
Eastspring Investments China A Shares Growth Fund                 U      63.69%    26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Eastspring Investments Dragon Peacock Fund                        U      95.82%
Eastspring Investments Emerging Markets Star Players              U      40.88%    Eastspring Investments Limited, Marunouchi Park Bldg., 2-6-1 Marunochi, Chiyoda-ku,
                                                                                   Tokyo, Japan 100-6905
Eastspring Investments Equity Income Fund                         U      40.95%    Eastspring Investments Berhad, Level 22, Menara Prudential, Persiaran TRX Barat, 55188
                                                                                   Tun Razak Exchange, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia




                                                                                                                                                                                   European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Eastspring Investments European Investment Grade Bond             U      99.91%    26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Fund
Eastspring Investments Fund Management Limited                   MI    100.00%     23rd Floor, Saigon Trade Center, 37 Ton Duc Thang Street, District 1, Ho Chi Minh City,
Liability Company                                                                  Vietnam
Eastspring Investments Global Emerging Markets Bond               U      99.38%    26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Fund
Eastspring Investments Global Emerging Markets Dynamic            U      62.79%
Fund
Eastspring Investments Global Emerging Markets ex-China           U      99.96%
Dynamic Fund
Eastspring Investments Global Equity Navigator Fund               U      97.19%
Eastspring Investments Global Growth Fund                         U      40.22%    Eastspring Investments Berhad, Level 22, Menara Prudential, Persiaran TRX Barat, 55188
                                                                                   Tun Razak Exchange, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Eastspring Investments Global Market Navigator Fund               U     99.75%     26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Eastspring Investments Global Multi Asset Income Plus             U    100.00%
Growth Fund
Eastspring Investments Greater China Equity Fund                  U     90.60%
Eastspring Investments Group Pte. Ltd.                           OS    100.00%     10 Marina Boulevard, #32-01, Marina Bay Financial Centre, Singapore 018983




                                                                                                                                                                                   Additional information
Eastspring Investments Incorporated                              OS    100.00%     874 Walker Road, Suite C, City of Dover, County of Kent, State of Delaware, 19904, USA
Eastspring Investments India Consumer Equity Open                OS    100.00%     3rd Floor, 355 NEX, Rue du Savoir, Cybercity Ebene 72201, Mauritius
Limited
Eastspring Investments India Equity Fund                          U     79.97%     26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Eastspring Investments India Equity Open Limited                 OS    100.00%     3rd Floor, 355 NEX, Rue du Savoir, Cybercity Ebene 72201, Mauritius
Eastspring Investments India Infrastructure Equity Open          OS    100.00%
Limited



                                                                                                                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022           347
D Other information / continued




 D6 Investments in subsidiary undertakings, joint ventures and associates continued
D6.4 Related undertakings continued
Direct subsidiary undertakings of the parent company, Prudential plc (shares held directly or via nominees) continued

                                                              Classes of Proportion
Name of entity                                               shares held       held   Registered office address
Eastspring Investments Limited                                      OS    100.00%     Marunouchi Park Building, 6-1 Marunouchi 2-chome, Chiyoda-Ku, Tokyo, Japan
Eastspring Investments MY Focus Fund                                 U     28.33%     Eastspring Investments Berhad, Level 22, Menara Prudential, Persiaran TRX Barat, 55188
                                                                                      Tun Razak Exchange, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Eastspring Investments Private Fixed Income Fund Number 1            U      87.11%    Units 306-308, 3rd Floor, Azia Center 1233 Lujiazui Ring Road, Shanghai, China
Eastspring Investments Services Pte. Ltd.                           OS    100.00%     10 Marina Boulevard, #32-01, Marina Bay Financial Centre, Singapore 018983
Eastspring Investments SICAV-FIS – Alternative                       U    100.00%     26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Investments Fund
Eastspring Investments SICAV-FIS – Asia Pacific Loan Fund            U    100.00%
Eastspring Investments Syariah Equity Islamic Asia Pacific           U     88.02%     Prudential Tower, 23rd Floor, Jl. Jend. Sudirman Kav.79, Jakarta 12910, Indonesia
USD Kelas B
Eastspring Investments Unit Trusts - Dragon Peacock Fund             U      97.69%    10 Marina Boulevard, #32-01, Marina Bay Financial Centre, Singapore 018983
Eastspring Investments Unit Trusts Singapore ASEAN                   U      98.74%
Equity Fund
Eastspring Investments Unit Trusts Singapore Select Bond             U      66.05%
Fund
Eastspring Investments US Corporate Bond Fund                        U      60.04%    26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Eastspring Investments US High Investment Grade Bond                 U      87.42%
Fund
Eastspring Investments Vietnam Navigator Fund                        U      76.79%    23rd Floor, Saigon Trade Center Building, 37 Ton Duc Thang Street, Ben Nghe Ward,
                                                                                      District 1, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Eastspring Investments-Global Emerging Markets                       U      99.96%    26, Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Fundamental Value Fund
Eastspring Investments-Japan Sustainable Value Fund                  U    100.00%
Eastspring Overseas Investment Fund Management               MI - WFOE    100.00%     Unit 306-308, 3rd Floor, 1233 Lujiazui Ring Road, China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone,
(Shanghai) Company Limited                                                            China
Eastspring Private Equity Fund 2                                     U     99.99%     10 Marina Boulevard, #32-01, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2, Singapore 018983
Eastspring Securities Investment Trust Co., Ltd.                    OS     99.54%     4th Floor, No.1 Songzhi Road, Taipei 110, Taiwan
Eastspring Singapore Alternatives VCC                                U    100.00%     10 Marina Boulevard, #32-01, Marina Bay Financial Centre, Singapore 018983
Eastspring Syariah Fixed Income USD Kelas A                          U     69.23%     Prudential Tower Lantai 23, JI. Jend. Sudirman Kav. 79, Jakarta 12910, Indonesia
FCP Ecobank Actions Uemoa                                            U     43.63%     Immeuble Ecobank, 2Er Etage -Avenue Houdaille Plateau, 01 B.P 4107 Abidjan O1 Cote
                                                                                      D’Ivoire
First Sentier Global Property Securities Fund                        U      67.50%    79 Robinson Road, #17-01, Singapore 068897
FSSA China Focus Fund                                                U      67.76%    70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin 2, D02 R296, Ireland
Fubon 1-5 Years US High Yield Bond Ex China                          U      61.05%    8th Floor, No.108, Sec.1, Dunhua South. Road, Taipei, Taiwan
Fubon China Bond Umbrella Fund - Fubon China Quality                 U      23.37%
Rmb Bond Fund
Fubon China Currency Fund                                            U     35.49%
Fuh Hwa 1-5 Yr High Yield ETF                                        U     44.22%     8th & 9th Floor, No.308, Sec. 2, Bade Road, Da-an District
Fuh Hwa Emerging Market RMB Fixed Income Fund                        U     46.42%
Fuh Hwa Rmb Money Market Fund                                        U     37.52%
Furnival Insurance Company PCC Limited                              OS    100.00%     PO Box 155, Mill Court, La Charroterie, St Peter Port, GY1 4ET, Guernsey
GIS Total Return Bond Fund                                           U     27.53%     78 Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin, D02 HD32, Ireland
GS Twenty Two Limited                                               OS    100.00%     1 Angel Court, London, EC2R 7AG, United Kingdom
HSBC Asia Pacific Ex Japan Sustainable Equity UCITS ETF              U     63.65%     25/28 North Wall Quay, IFSC, Dublin 1, Ireland
HSBC Senior Global Infrastructure Debt Fund                          U    100.00%     8 Canada Square, London, E14 5HQ, United Kingdom
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited                   OS     49.00%     12th Floor, Narain Manzil, 23, Barakhamba Road, New Delhi 110001, India
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited                     OS     22.07%     ICICI PruLife Towers, 1089 Appasaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi,
ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company                   OS     22.07%     Mumbai 400025, India
Limited
ICICI Prudential Trust Limited                                      OS     49.00%     12th Floor, Narain Manzil, 23, Barakhamba Road, New Delhi 110001, India
India Innovation High Growth EQ QII                                  U    100.00%     Eastspring Investments Limited, Marunouchi Park Bldg., 2-6-1 Marunochi, Chiyoda-ku,
                                                                                      Tokyo, Japan 100-6905
Invesco Fixed Maturity Selective Emerging Market Bonds               U    100.00%     8th Floor, No 122, Tung Hua N. Rd. Taipei, Taiwan
2024
Invesco Select 6 Year Maturity Global Bond Fund                      U    100.00%
iShares Core MSCI Asia                                               U     61.46%     15th, 16th, 17th Floor, Champion Tower & 17th Floor ICBC Tower, Three Garden Road,
                                                                                      Central, Hong Kong
iShares Global High Yield Corp Bond UCITS ETF                        U      65.61%    200 Capital Dock, 79 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland
iShares MSCI Europe ESG Enhanced UCITS ETF                           U      51.34%    12 Throgmorton Avenue, London, EC2N 2DL
iShares MSCI Korea UCITS ETF USD (Acc)                               U      53.66%    200 Capital Dock, 79 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland



348                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                         prudentialplc.com
                                                                                   Key to share classes:
                                                                                   LBG           Limited by Guarantee




                                                                                                                                                                                  Group overview
                                                                                   MI            Membership Interest
                                                                                   MI - WFOE	Membership Interest of a Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise in the Chinese Mainland
                                                                                   MI – JV 	Membership Interest of a Sino-Foreign Equity Joint Venture in the Chinese Mainland
                                                                                   OS            Ordinary Shares
                                                                                   PI            Partnership Interest
                                                                                   PS            Preference Shares
                                                                                   U             Units


                                                          Classes of Proportion
Name of entity                                           shares held       held   Registered office address




                                                                                                                                                                                  Strategic report
iShares MSCI USA ESG Enhanced UCITS ETF                          U      41.86%    12 Throgmorton Avenue, London, EC2N 2DL
KKP Active Equity Fund                                           U      35.38%    19th Floor Muang Thai-Phatra Complex, Building Tower, A, 252/25 Ratchadapisek Road,
                                                                                  Huaykwang, Bangkok 10310, Thailand
Krungsri Greater China Equity Hedged Dividend Fund               U      31.10%    12th, 18th Zone B Floor, Ploenchit Tower 898 Ploenchit Road, Lumpini Pathumwan,
                                                                                  Bangkok 10330, Thailand
Lasalle Property Securities SICAV-FIS                            U     99.97%     11-13 Bouldevard de la Foire, L-1528 Luxembourg
M&G Asia Property Trust                                          U    100.00%     138 Market Street, CapitaGreen #35-01, Singapore 048946
M&G Real Estate Asia Holding Company Pte. Ltd.                  OS     33.00%     138 Market Street, #35-01 CapitaGreen, Singapore 048946
Manulife Asia Pacific Bond Fund                                  U     57.81%     9th Floor, No 89 Son Ren Road, Taipei, Taiwan



                                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
Manulife China Dim Sum High Yield Bond Fund                      U     22.54%
Manulife China Offshore Bond Fund                                U     85.22%
Manulife Taiwan Dynamic Fund                                     U     20.53%
Manulife USD High Yield Bond Fund                                U     29.47%
Nomura Six Years Fixed Maturity Asia Pacific Emerging            U    100.00%     101 Tower, 30th Floor, No. 7 Sec. 5, Xinyi Rd., Xinyi Dist., Taipei, Taiwan
Market Bond Fund
Nomura Six Years Fixed Maturity Emerging Market Bond             U      41.88%
Fund
Nomura Six Years Ladder Maturity Asia Pacific Emerging           U      97.86%
Market Bond Fund




                                                                                                                                                                                  Directors’ remuneration report
North Sathorn Holdings Company Limited                          OS    100.00%     No. 63, Athenee Tower, 34th Floor, Wireless Road, Lumpini Subdistrict Pathumwan District,
                                                                                  Bangkok Metropolis, Thailand
PCA IP Services Limited                                         OS    100.00%     13th Floor, One International Finance Centre, 1 Harbour View Street, Central, Hong Kong
PCA Life Assurance Co., Ltd.                                    OS     99.79%     8th Floor, No.1 Songzhi Road, Taipei City, 11047, Taiwan
PCA Reinsurance Co. Ltd.                                        OS    100.00%     Unit Level 13(A), Main Office Tower, Financial Park Labuan, Jalan Merdeka, 87000 Federal
                                                                                  Territory of Labuan, Malaysia
PineBridge US Dual Core Income Fund                              U     37.37%     10th Floor, No. 144, Sec. 2, Minquan East Rd, Taipei
Principal Global Silver Age Fund                                 U     22.89%     44, 16th Floor, CIMB Thai Bank, Lungsuan Road, Lumpini, Bangkok 10330, Thailand
Pru Life Insurance Corporation of U.K.                          OS    100.00%     9th Floor, Uptown Place Tower 1, 1 East 11th Drive, Uptown Bonifacio, 1634 Taguig City,
Pru Life UK Asset Management and Trust Corporation              OS    100.00%     Metro Manila, Philippines
Prudence Foundation                                            LBG    100.00%     13th Floor, One International Finance Centre, 1 Harbour View Street, Central, Hong Kong
Prudential (Cambodia) Life Assurance Plc                        OS    100.00%     Phnom Penh Tower, 20th Floor, #445, Monivong Blvd., Boeung Prolit, 7 Makara, Phnom




                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial statements
                                                                                  Penh, Cambodia
Prudential (US Holdco 1) Limited                                OS    100.00%     1 Angel Court, London, EC2R 7AG, United Kingdom
Prudential Africa Holdings Limited                              OS    100.00%
Prudential Africa Services Limited                              OS    100.00%     3rd Floor, One Africa Place, LR. No. 1870/X/45, P.O. Box 25093-00100, Westlands, Nairobi,
                                                                                  Kenya
Prudential Assurance Company Singapore (Pte) Limited            OS    100.00%     30 Cecil Street, #30-01 Prudential Tower, Singapore 049712
Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad*                           OS     51.00%     Level 26, Menara Prudential, Persiaran TRX Barat, 55188 Tun Razak Exchange, Kuala
                                                                                  Lumpur, Malaysia
Prudential Assurance Uganda Limited                             OS    100.00%     9th Floor Zebra Plaza, Plot 23 Kampala Road, P.O. Box 2660, Kampala, Uganda
Prudential BeGeneral Insurance Côte d'Ivoire S.A.               OS     51.00%     Abidjan Plateau, Avenue Noguès, Immeuble Woodin Center, 1er étage, 01 P.O. BOX 5173,




                                                                                                                                                                                  European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Prudential Belife Insurance Côte d'Ivoire S.A.                  OS     51.00%     Abidjan 01, Côte d'Ivoire
Prudential Beneficial General Insurance Cameroon S.A.           OS     50.71%     1944, Boulevard de la République Douala-Akwa, P.O. BOX 2328, Douala, Cameroon
Prudential Beneficial Life Insurance Cameroon S.A.              OS     51.00%
Prudential Beneficial Life Insurance Togo S.A.                  OS     50.99%     2963 Rue de la Chance Agbalepedogan, P.O. Box 1115, Lome, Togo
Prudential BSN Takaful Berhad†                                  OS     49.00%     Level 13, Menara Prudential, Persiaran TRX Barat, 55188 Tun Razak Exchange, Kuala
                                                                                  Lumpur, Malaysia
Prudential Corporation Holdings Limited                         OS    100.00%     1 Angel Court, London, EC2R 7AG, United Kingdom
Prudential Financial Advisers Singapore Pte. Ltd.               OS    100.00%     30 Cecil Street, #30-01 Prudential Tower, Singapore 049712
Prudential Financial Partners (Asia) Limited                    OS    100.00%     1 Angel Court, London, EC2R 7AG, England, United Kingdom
Prudential Financial Partners HK Limited                        OS    100.00%     13th Floor, One International Finance Centre, 1 Harbour View Street, Central, Hong Kong
Prudential General Insurance Hong Kong Limited                  OS    100.00%     59th Floor, One Island East, 18 Westlands Road, Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
Prudential Group Secretarial Services HK Limited                OS    100.00%     13th Floor, One International Finance Centre, 1 Harbour View Street, Central, Hong Kong
Prudential Group Secretarial Services Limited                   OS    100.00%     1 Angel Court, London, EC2R 7AG, United Kingdom
Prudential Holdings Limited                                     OS    100.00%     4th Floor, Saltire Court, 20, Castle Terrace, Edinburgh, EH1 2EN, United Kingdom
Prudential Hong Kong Limited                                    OS    100.00%     59th Floor, One Island East, 18 Westlands Road, Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
Prudential International Treasury Limited                       OS    100.00%     13th Floor, One International Finance Centre, 1 Harbour View Street, Central, Hong Kong




                                                                                                                                                                                  Additional information
Prudential IP Services Limited                                  OS    100.00%     1 Angel Court, London, EC2R 7AG, United Kingdom
Prudential Life Assurance (Lao) Company Limited                 OS    100.00%     5th Floor, Lao international Business and Tourist Center Project (Vientiane Center),
                                                                                  Khouvieng Road, Nongchan Village, Sisattanak District, Vientiane Capital, Lao PDR
Prudential Life Assurance (Thailand) Public Company             OS      99.93%    944 Mitrtown Office Tower, 10th, 29th-31st Floor, Rama 4 Road, Wangmai, Pathumwan,
Limited                                                                           Bangkok, 10330, Thailand
Prudential Life Assurance Kenya Limited                         OS    100.00%     Vienna Court, Ground Floor, State House Crescent, Off State House Avenue, P.O. Box
                                                                                  25093-00603, Nairobi, Kenya
Prudential Life Assurance Zambia Limited                        OS    100.00%     Prudential House, Plot No. 32256, Thabo Mbeki Road, P.O. Box 31357, Lusaka, Zambia



                                                                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022         349
D Other information / continued




 D6 Investments in subsidiary undertakings, joint ventures and associates continued
D6.4 Related undertakings continued
Direct subsidiary undertakings of the parent company, Prudential plc (shares held directly or via nominees) continued

                                                            Classes of Proportion
Name of entity                                             shares held       held   Registered office address
Prudential Life Insurance Ghana Limited                           OS    100.00%     H/NO. 35, Opp. Hobats Clinic, North Street, Tesano, Accra, Accra Metropolitan, Greater
                                                                                    Accra, P.O. Box AN 10476, Ghana
Prudential Life Vault Limited                                     OS    100.00%     48 Awolowo Road, South-West Ikoyi, Lagos, Nigeria
Prudential Mauritius Holdings Limited                             OS    100.00%     3rd Floor, 355 NEX, Rue du Savoir, Cybercity Ebene, 72201, Mauritius
Prudential Myanmar Life Insurance Limited                         OS    100.00%     #15-01, 15th Floor, Sule Square, 221 Sule Pagoda Road, Kyauktada Township, Yangon,
                                                                                    Myanmar
Prudential Pensions Management Zambia Limited                     OS     49.00%     Prudential House, Plot No. 32256, Thabo Mbeki Road, P.O. Box 31357, Lusaka, Zambia
Prudential Services Asia Sdn. Bhd.                                OS    100.00%     Suite 1005, 10th Floor, Wisma Hamzah-Kwong Hing, No. 1 Leboh Ampang, 50100 Kuala
                                                                  PS    100.00%     Lumpur, Malaysia
Prudential Services Limited                                       OS    100.00%     1 Angel Court, London, EC2R 7AG, United Kingdom
Prudential Services Philippines Corporation                       OS    100.00%     19th Floor Uptown Place Tower I East, 11th Drive Uptown Bonifacio Fort Bonifacio
                                                                                    Bonifacio Global City, Taguig City, Fourth District, National Capital Region (NCR), 1630,
                                                                                    Philippines
Prudential Services Singapore Pte. Ltd.                           OS    100.00%     7 Straits View, #06-01 Marina One East Tower, Singapore 018936
Prudential Singapore Holdings Pte. Limited                        OS    100.00%     30 Cecil Street, #30-01 Prudential Tower, Singapore 049712
                                                                  PS    100.00%
Prudential Technology and Services India Private Limited          OS    100.00%     CoWrks NXT, EPIP Industrial Area, Whitefield Road, K.R Puram, Near SAP Labs, Hubli,
                                                                                    Bangalore, Karnataka, 560066, India
Prudential Vietnam Assurance Private Limited                      OS    100.00%     25th Floor, Saigon Trade Center, 37 Ton Duc Thang Street, District 1, Ho Chi Minh City,
                                                                                    Vietnam
Prudential Wealth Holdings Company Pte. Ltd.                      OS    100.00%     7 Straits View #07-01, Marina One East Tower, Singapore 018936, Singapore
Prudential Wealth Management Singapore Pte. Ltd.                  OS    100.00%     8 Marina View #15-06A, Asia Square Tower 1, Singapore 018960, Singapore
Prudential Zenith Life Insurance Limited                          OS     51.00%     13th Floor, Civic Towers, Ozumba Mbadiwe Avenue, Victoria Island, Lagos State, Lagos,
                                                                                    Nigeria
PRUInvest PHP Liquid Fund                                          U     99.84%     9th Floor, Uptown Place Tower 1, 1 East 11th Drive, Uptown Bonifacio, 1634 Taguig City,
PRUInvest PH Equity Index Tracker Fund                             U    100.00%     Metro Manila, Philippines
PT Prudential Sharia Life Assurance                               OS     94.62%     Prudential Tower, 2nd Floor, Jl. Jend. Sudirman Kav. 79, Jakarta 12910, Indonesia
PT. Eastspring Investments Indonesia                              OS     99.95%     Prudential Tower, 23rd Floor, Jl. Jend. Sudirman Kav.79, Jakarta 12910, Indonesia
PT. Prudential Life Assurance‡                                    OS     94.62%     Prudential Tower, Jl. Jend. Sudirman Kav. 79, Jakarta 12910, Indonesia
Pulse Ecosystems Pte. Ltd.                                        OS    100.00%     7 Straits View, #06-01 Marina One East Tower, Singapore 018936
Pulse Wealth Limited                                              OS    100.00%     Suite 3703-04, 37/F, Tower 6, The Gateway, Harbour City, 9 Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui,
                                                                                    Kowloon, Hong Kong
Reksa Dana Eastspring IDR Fixed Income Fund                        U      98.81%    Prudential Tower, 23rd Floor, Jl. Jend. Sudirman Kav.79, Jakarta 12910, Indonesia
Reksa Dana Eastspring Investments Cash Reserve                     U      88.93%
Reksa Dana Syariah Eastspring Syariah Fixed Income                 U      66.32%
Amanah
Reksa Dana Syariah Eastspring Syariah Money Market                 U      99.30%
Khazanah
Reksa Dana Syariah Penyertaan Terbatas Bahana Syariah              U      99.01%    Graha CIMB Niaga 21st Floor. Jl Jend Sudirman Kav 58, Jakarta - 12190, Indonesia
Bumn Fund IV
Rhodium Investment Funds - Singapore Bond Fund                     U     99.75%     10 Marina Boulevard, #32-01, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2, Singapore 018983
Rhodium Passive Long Dated Bond Fund                               U     99.87%
Robeco QI European Active Index Equities                           U     94.55%     6, route de Trèves, L-2633 Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
Schroder Asian Investment Grade Credit                             U     37.95%     138 Market Street, #23-01 CapitaGreen, Singapore 048946
Schroder Emerging Markets Fund                                     U     67.30%
Schroder Multi-Asset Revolution                                    U     48.29%
Schroder US Dollar Money Fund                                      U     34.92%     9th floor, no. 108, section 5, xinyi road, taipei
Scotts Spazio Pte. Ltd.                                           OS     45.00%     316 Tanglin Road, #01-01,Singapore, 247978
Shenzhen Prudential Technology Limited                     MI - WFOE    100.00%     Unit 5, 8th Floor, China Resources Tower, No.2666 Keyuan South Road, Yuehai Street,
                                                                                    Nanshan District, Shenzhen 518054, China
Sinopac RMB Money Market Fund                                      U      27.12%    14th Floor, No.17,Po Ai Rd., Taipei, Taiwan
Sri Han Suria Sdn. Bhd.                                           OS      51.00%    Suite 1005, 10th Floor, Wisma Hamzah-Kwong Hing, No. 1 Leboh Ampang, 50100 Kuala
                                                                                    Lumpur, Malaysia
Staple Limited                                                    OS    100.00%     No. 63, Athenee Tower, 34th Floor, Wireless Road, Lumpini Subdistrict Pathumwan District,
                                                                                    Bangkok Metropolis, Thailand
Templeton Asian Growth Fund                                        U      31.40%    8A, rue Albert Borschette, L-1246 Luxembourg
Threadneedle (Lux) – Global Emerging Market Equities               U      69.10%    44 Rue de la vallée, 2661 Luxembourg




350                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                       prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                     Key to share classes:
                                                                                                     LBG           Limited by Guarantee




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Group overview
                                                                                                     MI            Membership Interest
                                                                                                     MI - WFOE	Membership Interest of a Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise in the Chinese Mainland
                                                                                                     MI – JV 	Membership Interest of a Sino-Foreign Equity Joint Venture in the Chinese Mainland
                                                                                                     OS            Ordinary Shares
                                                                                                     PI            Partnership Interest
                                                                                                     PS            Preference Shares
                                                                                                     U             Units


                                                                     Classes of Proportion
Name of entity                                                      shares held       held          Registered office address




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Strategic report
United Global Innovation Fund                                                  U       21.33%       23A, 25th Floor, Asia Centre Building, 173/27-30, 32-33 South Sathon Road,
UOB Smart Global Healthcare Fund                                               U       42.04%       Thungmahamek, Sathon, Bangkok 10120, Thailand
UOB Smart Japan Small and Mid Cap Fund                                         U       29.79%
UOB Smart Millennium Growth Fund                                               U       38.65%
USD Investment Grade Infrastructure Debt Fund SCSp                             U       21.53%       35a, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

*      Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad is consolidated at 100 per cent in the Group’s consolidated financial statements reflecting the economic interest to the Group.
† 	   Prudential BSN Takaful Berhad is a joint venture that is accounted for using the equity method, for which the Group has an economic interest of 70 per cent for all business sold up to
       23 December 2016 and of 49 per cent for new business sold subsequent to this date.
‡ 	   The holding of 94.62 per cent for PT. Prudential Life Assurance represents the proportion held in the Indonesia subsidiary attaching to the aggregate of the shares across the types


                                                                                                                                                                                                    Governance
       of capital in issue.

The below table lists the issued share capital of the subsidiaries of the Group which, in the opinion of the Directors, principally affect the results or
assets of the Group:
Name of entity                                                                                      Issued and fully paid up share/ registered capital

Prudential Assurance Company Singapore (Pte) Limited                                                526,557,000 ordinary shares of SG$ 1 each
PT. Prudential Life Assurance                                                                       105,500 ordinary shares and 6,000 preference shares of Rp 1,000,000 each
Prudential Hong Kong Limited                                                                        3,641,479,873 ordinary shares of HK$ 1 each




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Directors’ remuneration report
Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad                                                                100,000,000 ordinary shares of RM 1 each




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Financial statements




                                                                                                                                                                                                    European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Additional information




                                                                                                                                          Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                351
Statement of financial position of the parent company




                                                                                                                  31 Dec 2022      31 Dec 2021
                                                                                                          Note             $m               $m

Fixed assets
Investments in subsidiary undertakings                                                                      5        13,178            13,114

Current assets
Amounts owed by subsidiary undertakings                                                                               7,501              7,013
Other debtors                                                                                                             –                  9
Other investments: equity securities – fair value through other comprehensive income                        6           266                683
Cash at bank and in hand                                                                                                 45              1,711
                                                                                                                      7,812              9,416
Liabilities: amounts falling due within one year
Subordinated liabilities                                                                                    7            (21)           (1,725)
Debenture loans                                                                                             7           (361)                –
Commercial paper                                                                                            7           (501)             (500)
Amounts owed to subsidiary undertakings                                                                                 (614)             (161)
Tax payable                                                                                                               (9)               (7)
Accruals and deferred income                                                                                             (63)              (85)
                                                                                                                      (1,569)           (2,478)
Net current assets                                                                                                    6,243              6,938
Total assets less current liabilities                                                                                19,421            20,052
Liabilities: amounts falling due after more than one year                                                   7
Subordinated liabilities                                                                                              (2,265)           (2,350)
Debenture loans                                                                                                       (1,614)           (1,702)
Other borrowings                                                                                                           –              (350)
                                                                                                                      (3,879)           (4,402)
Total net assets                                                                                                     15,542            15,650
Capital and reserves                                                                                        8
Share capital                                                                                                           182               182
Share premium                                                                                                         5,006             5,010
Profit and loss account                                                                                              10,354            10,458
Shareholders’ funds                                                                                                  15,542            15,650

                                                                                                                     2022 $m           2021 $m

Profit for the year                                                                                                     455              2,648


The financial statements of the parent company on pages 352 to 357 were approved by the Board of Directors on 15 March 2023 and signed on
its behalf by:




Shriti Vadera                                             Anil Wadhwani
Chair		                                                   Chief Executive Officer




352                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                         prudentialplc.com
Statement of changes in equity of the parent company

                                                                                                                                         Group overview




                                                                                                                                 Total
                                                                              Share           Share         Profit and   shareholders’




                                                                                                                                         Strategic report
                                                                             capital       premium       loss account           funds
                                                                                $m              $m                  $m             $m

Balance at 1 Jan 2021                                                          173           2,637             9,476          12,286

Profit for the year                                                               –               –            2,648           2,648
Valuation movements on retained interest in Jackson measured at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                             –               –              273             273
Total comprehensive income for the year                                           –               –            2,921           2,921




                                                                                                                                         Governance
Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
New share capital subscribed                                                      9           2,373                –            2,382
Demerger dividend in specie of Jackson                                            –               –           (1,735)          (1,735)
Share-based payment transactions                                                  –               –              217              217
Other dividends                                                                   –               –             (421)            (421)
Total contributions by and distributions to owners                                9           2,373           (1,939)            443
Balance at 31 Dec 2021 / 1 Jan 2022                                            182           5,010           10,458          15,650

Profit for the year                                                               –               –              455             455




                                                                                                                                         Directors’ remuneration report
Valuation movements on retained interest in Jackson measured at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                             –               –             (125)           (125)
Total comprehensive income for the year                                           –               –              330             330

Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
New share capital subscribed                                                      –              (4)               –              (4)
Share-based payment transactions                                                  –               –               40              40
Dividends                                                                         –               –             (474)           (474)
Total contributions by and distributions to owners                                –              (4)            (434)           (438)

Balance at 31 Dec 2022                                                         182           5,006           10,354           15,542




                                                                                                                                         Financial statements




                                                                                                                                         European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                         Additional information




                                                                                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022      353
Notes to the parent company financial statements




1 Nature of operations
Prudential plc (‘the Company’) together with its subsidiaries (collectively, ‘the Group’ or ‘Prudential’) is an international financial services
group. Prudential plc provides life and health insurance and asset management services in Asia and Africa. The business helps people get the most
out of life by making healthcare affordable and accessible by promoting financial inclusion.


2 Basis of preparation
The financial statements of the Company, which comprise the statement of financial position, statement of changes in equity and related notes,
are prepared in accordance with UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice, including Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure
Framework (‘FRS 101’) and Part 15 of the Companies Act 2006.
  In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements in accordance with
UK-adopted international accounting standards but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with the Companies Act 2006 and
has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken. The Company has also taken advantage of the
exemption under Section 408 of the Companies Act 2006 from presenting its own profit and loss account.
  In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:
> A cash flow statement and related notes;
> Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly-owned subsidiaries within the Prudential Group;
> Disclosure in respect of capital management; and
> The effects of new but not yet effective IFRS.
As the consolidated financial statements of the Group include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also applied the exemptions available
under FRS 101 in respect of the following disclosures:
> IFRS 2 ‘Share-based Payment’ in respect of Group-settled share-based payments;
> Disclosure required by IFRS 7 ‘Financial Instruments: Disclosures’ and IFRS 13 ‘Fair Value Measurement’, except for the consequential
  amendments to IFRS 7 related to IFRS 9 which have not been adopted by the Group; and
> IFRS 15, ‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’ in respect of revenue recognition.
The accounting policies set out in note 3 below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to both years presented in these financial
statements.
   On the basis of the assessment of going concern for the Company and the Group as set out in note A1 to the Group consolidated financial
statements, the Directors consider it appropriate to continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing these financial
statements for the year ended 31 December 2022.
   The Company and Group manages its cash resources, remittances and financing primarily in US dollars. Accordingly, the functional currency of
the Company is US dollars.


3 Significant accounting policies
Investments in subsidiary undertakings
Investments in subsidiary undertakings are shown at cost, less impairment. Investments are assessed for impairment by comparing the net assets
of the subsidiary undertakings with the carrying value of the investment.

Amounts owed by subsidiary undertakings
Amounts owed by subsidiary undertakings are shown at cost, less provisions. Provisions are determined using the expected credit loss approach
under IFRS 9.

Financial instruments
Under IFRS 9, except for derivative instruments (where applicable) that are mandatorily classified as fair value through profit or loss and the
Company’s financial investment in Jackson’s equity securities (as discussed below), all of the financial assets and liabilities of the Company are
held at amortised cost. The Company assesses impairment on its loans and receivables using the expected credit loss approach. The expected
credit loss on the Company’s loans and receivables, the majority of which represent loans to its subsidiaries, have been assessed by taking into
account the probability of default on those loans. In all cases, the subsidiaries are expected to have sufficient resources to repay the loan either
now or over time based on projected earnings. For loans recallable on demand, the expected credit loss has been limited to the impact of
discounting the value of the loan between the balance sheet date and the anticipated recovery date. For loans with a fixed maturity date the
expected credit loss has been determined with reference to the historic experience of loans with equivalent credit characteristics.
   Upon the demerger of Jackson in September 2021, the Company has made the election under IFRS 9 to measure its retained interest in
Jackson’s equity securities at ‘fair value through other comprehensive income’. Under this designation, only dividend income from this retained
interest is recognised in the profit or loss of the Company. Unrealised gains and losses are recognised in other comprehensive income and there is
no recycling to the profit or loss on derecognition.



354               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                   prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Group overview




Borrowings
Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs, and subsequently accounted for on an amortised cost basis using the



                                                                                                                                                                                                           Strategic report
effective interest method. Under the effective interest method, the difference between the redemption value of the borrowing and the initial
proceeds, net of transaction costs, is amortised through the profit and loss account to the date of maturity or, for subordinated debt, over the
expected life of the instrument.

Dividends
Interim dividends are recorded in the period in which they are paid.

Foreign currency translation
Transactions not denominated in the Company’s functional currency, US dollars, are initially recorded at the functional rate of currency prevailing


                                                                                                                                                                                                           Governance
on the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities not denominated in the Company’s functional currency are translated to the
Company’s functional currency at year end spot rates. The impact of these currency translations is recorded within the profit and loss account for
the year.

Tax
Current tax expense is charged or credited to operations based upon amounts estimated to be payable or recoverable as a result of taxable
amounts for the current year. To the extent that losses of an individual UK company are not offset, they can be carried back for one year or carried
forward indefinitely to be offset, subject to restrictions based on future taxable profits, against profits arising from the same company or other
companies in the same UK tax group.




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ remuneration report
   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in accordance with the provisions of IAS 12 ‘Income Taxes’. Deferred tax assets are recognised
to the extent that it is regarded as more likely than not that future taxable profits will be available against which these losses can be utilised.
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse, using tax rates enacted or
substantively enacted at the reporting date.

Share-based payments
The Group offers share award and option plans for certain key employees and a Save As You Earn (‘SAYE’) plan for all UK and certain overseas
employees. The share-based payment plans operated by the Group are mainly equity-settled.
   Under IFRS 2 ‘Share-based payment’, where the Company, as the parent company, has the obligation to settle the options or awards of its
equity instruments to employees of its subsidiary undertakings, and such share-based payments are accounted for as equity-settled in the Group
financial statements, the Company records an increase in the investment in subsidiary undertakings for the value of the share options and awards
granted with a corresponding credit entry recognised directly in equity. The value of the share options and awards granted is based upon the fair




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
value of the options and awards at the grant date, the vesting period and the vesting conditions. Cash receipts from business units in respect of
newly issued share schemes are treated as returns of capital within investments in subsidiaries.


 4 Reconciliation from the FRS 101 parent company results to the IFRS Group results
The parent company financial statements are prepared in accordance with FRS 101 and the Group financial statements are prepared in
accordance with IFRS Standards as issued by the IASB and international financial reporting standards adopted for use in the UK.
  The tables below provide a reconciliation between the FRS 101 parent company results and the IFRS Group results.




                                                                                                                                                                                                           European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                                                                                                                                          2022 $m             2021 $m

Profit after tax
Profit for the financial year of the Company in accordance with FRS 101 note (i)                                                                                               455               2,648
Accounting policy difference note (ii)                                                                                                                                         108                  28
Share in the IFRS result of the Group, net of distributions to the Company note (iii)                                                                                          435              (4,718)
Profit (loss) after tax of the Group attributable to equity holders in accordance with IFRS note (iv)                                                                          998              (2,042)
   			
                                                                                                                                                                      31 Dec 2022         31 Dec 2021
                                                                                                                                                                               $m                  $m

Shareholders’ equity
Shareholders’ funds of the Company in accordance with FRS 101                                                                                                              15,542              15,650
Accounting policy difference note (ii)                                                                                                                                         66                  19
Share in the IFRS net equity of the Group note (iii)                                                                                                                        1,352               1,419
Shareholders’ equity of the Group in accordance with IFRS                                                                                                                  16,960              17,088




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Additional information
Notes
(i)   The Company’s profit for the financial year includes distributions to the Company from subsidiaries.
(ii)  Accounting policy difference represents the difference in accounting policy for expected credit losses on loan assets, and the difference in treatment of realised gains and losses on investments
      classified as fair value through other comprehensive income, as the Company has adopted IFRS 9 while the Group applies IAS 39.
(iii) The ‘Share in the IFRS result and net equity of the Group’ line represents the parent company’s equity in the earnings and net assets of its subsidiaries and associates. The movement relative to
      the prior period reflects movements in the results of the Group relative to the result of the Company.
(iv) The profit for the year of the Company in accordance with IFRS includes dividends received from subsidiary undertakings of $708 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021:
      $3,597 million).



                                                                                                                                          Prudential plc Annual Report 2022               355
Notes to the parent company financial statements / continued




 5 Investments in subsidiary undertakings

                                                                                                                                                                    2022 $m             2021 $m

At 1 Jan                                                                                                                                                            13,114               12,682
Capital injections note (i)                                                                                                                                             62                  430
Other note (ii)                                                                                                                                                          2                    2
At 31 Dec                                                                                                                                                           13,178               13,114

Notes
(i)   In December 2022, intercompany loans of $62 million owed to the Company were settled in exchange for the issue of equity instruments from Prudential Group Holdings Limited, an immediate
      subsidiary of the Company.
(ii)  Other includes net amounts in respect of share-based payments settled by the Company for employees of its subsidiary undertakings.


Investments in subsidiaries held at 31 December 2022 have been assessed for impairment and no impairment was identified.
  Subsidiary undertakings of the Company at 31 December 2022 are listed in note D6 of the Group IFRS consolidated financial statements.


 6 Equity securities – fair value through other comprehensive income
The Company’s interest in the equity securities of Jackson Financial Inc are recognised as a financial investment at ‘fair value through other
comprehensive income’. Transactions in 2022 reduced the Company’s interest in Jackson to 9.2 per cent (both voting and economic interest) at
31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: 18.4 per cent economic interest with 18.5 per cent voting interest).
   The fair value of the Company’s holding in the equity securities of Jackson Financial Inc. is determined by the use of current market bid prices,
and is categorised as Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted in active markets) of the IFRS 13 ‘Fair Value Measurement’ defined fair value hierarchy. A
loss of $125 million (2021: $273 million gain) has been recognised in other comprehensive income for the year in respect of these instruments.


 7 Borrowings

                                                                            Core structural borrowings                     Other borrowings                                 Total

                                                                             31 Dec 2022        31 Dec 2021           31 Dec 2022         31 Dec 2021           31 Dec 2022         31 Dec 2021
                                                                                      $m                 $m                    $m                  $m                    $m                  $m

Core structural borrowings note (i)
  Subordinated liabilities note (ii)                                               2,286               4,075                      –                   –               2,286               4,075
  Debenture loans                                                                  1,975               1,702                      –                   –               1,975               1,702
  Bank loan                                                                            –                 350                      –                   –                   –                 350
                                                                                   4,261               6,127                     –                   –                4,261               6,127
Commercial paper note (iii)                                                            –                   –                   501                 500                  501                 500
Total borrowings note (iv)                                                         4,261               6,127                   501                 500                4,762               6,627

Borrowings are repayable as follows:
  Within 1 year                                                                      382               1,725                   501                 500                  883               2,225
  Between 1 and 5 years                                                                –                 778                     –                   –                    –                 778
  After 5 years                                                                    3,879               3,624                     –                   –                3,879               3,624
                                                                                   4,261               6,127                   501                 500                4,762               6,627

Notes
(i)   Further details on the core structural borrowings of the Company are provided in note C5.1 of the Group IFRS consolidated financial statements.
(ii)  The interests of the holders of the subordinated liabilities are subordinate to the entitlements of other creditors of the Company. On 20 January 2022 the Company redeemed subordinated debt
      instruments of $1,725 million, as described in note C5.1 of the Group IFRS consolidated financial statements.
(iii) These borrowings support a short-term fixed income securities programme.
(iv) Borrowings are classified in line with contractual maturity dates unless the Company has established its intention to redeem at an earlier date.




356                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                      prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                         Group overview




8 Capital and reserves


                                                                                                                                                         Strategic report
Share capital and share premium
On 4 October 2021, the Company completed the issuance of 130,780,350 new ordinary shares on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong through a
concurrent Hong Kong public offer and international placing. Further details on this issuance together with a summary of the ordinary shares in
issue and the options outstanding to subscribe for the Company’s shares at 31 December 2021 are set out in note C8 of the Group IFRS
consolidated financial statements.

Retained profit of the Company
Retained profit at 31 December 2022 amounted to $10,354 million (31 December 2021: $10,458 million). The retained profit includes
distributable reserves of $4,639 million (31 December 2021: $4,734 million) and non-distributable reserves of $5,715 million (31 December 2021:

                                                                                                                                                         Governance
$5,724 million). The non-distributable reserves of the Company relate to gains on intra-group transactions, in which qualifying consideration was
not received, and share-based payment reserves.
    Under UK company law, Prudential may pay dividends only if sufficient distributable reserves of the Company are available for the purpose and
if the amount of its net assets is greater than the aggregate of its called up share capital and non-distributable reserves (such as the share
premium account) and the payment of the dividend does not reduce the amount of its net assets to less than that aggregate.
    The retained profit of the Company is substantially generated from dividend income received from subsidiaries. The Group segmental analysis
illustrates the generation of profit across the Group (see note B1 of the Group IFRS consolidated financial statements). The Group and its
subsidiaries are subject to local regulatory minimum capital requirements, as set out in note C10 of the Group IFRS consolidated financial




                                                                                                                                                         Directors’ remuneration report
statements. A number of the principal risks set out in the Risk Review report could impact the generation of profit in the Group’s subsidiaries in the
future and hence impact their ability to pay dividends in the future.
    In determining the dividend payment in any year, the Directors follow the Group dividend policy described in the Financial review section of this
Annual Report. The Directors consider the Company’s ability to pay current and future dividends twice a year by reference to the Company’s
business plan and certain stressed scenarios.


9 Other information
a		Information on key management remuneration is given in note B2.3 of the Group IFRS consolidated financial statements. Additional
    information on Directors’ remuneration is given in the Directors’ remuneration report section of this Annual Report.
b		 Information on transactions of the Directors with the Group is given in note D4 of the Group IFRS consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                         Financial statements
c		 The Company employs no staff.
d		Fees payable to the Company’s auditor for the audit of the Company’s annual accounts were $0.1 million (2021: $0.1 million) and for other
    services were $0.1 million (2021: $0.1 million).
e		 In certain instances, the Company has guaranteed that its subsidiaries will meet their obligations when they fall due for payment.


10 Post balance sheet events




                                                                                                                                                         European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Dividends
The second interim dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022, which was approved by the Board of Directors after 31 December 2022,
is described in note B5 of the Group IFRS consolidated financial statements.

Debt redemption
On 20 January 2023, the Company redeemed a senior debt instrument of £300 million, as described in note C5.1 of the Group IFRS consolidated
financial statements.

Debt Transfer
On 2 March 2023 the Company transferred all its external debt instruments, classified as core structural borrowings, to a wholly-owned indirect
subsidiary of the Company, Prudential Funding (Asia) plc, in exchange for assuming intercompany debt liabilities with similar terms to the
transferred instruments. The Company has provided a guarantee to holders of the debt instruments in the event of default by Prudential Funding
(Asia) plc.
   The effect of this transaction, which in substance crystallises the difference between the fair value and the carrying value of the debt, is a gain
of approximately $0.4 billion.




                                                                                                                                                         Additional information




                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   357
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect
of the Annual Report and the financial statements



The directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the      Responsibility statement of the directors in respect of the
Group and parent Company financial statements in accordance with           annual financial report
applicable law and regulations.                                            The directors of Prudential plc, whose names and positions are set
                                                                           out on pages 180 to 189 confirm that to the best of their knowledge:
Company law requires the directors to prepare Group and parent
company financial statements for each financial year. Under that law       > the financial statements, prepared in accordance with the
they are required to prepare the Group financial statements in               applicable set of accounting standards, give a true and fair view of
accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards and            the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the
applicable law and have elected to prepare the parent company                company and the undertakings included in the consolidation taken
financial statements in accordance with UK accounting standards              as a whole;
and applicable law, including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework.        > the strategic report includes a fair review of the development and
Under company law the directors must not approve the financial               performance of the business and the position of the Group and the
statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view     undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole,
of the state of affairs of the Group and parent company and of their         together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties
profit or loss for that period. In preparing each of the Group and           that they face; and
parent company financial statements, the directors are required to:        > the annual report and financial statements, taken as a whole, is
                                                                             fair, balanced and understandable and provides the information
> select suitable accounting policies and then apply them                    necessary for shareholders to assess the Group’s position and
  consistently;                                                              performance, business model and strategy.
> make judgements and estimates that are reasonable, relevant,
  reliable and prudent;
> for the Group financial statements, state whether they have been
  prepared in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting
  standards;
> for the parent company financial statements, state whether
  applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to
  any material departures disclosed and explained in the parent
  company financial statements;
> assess the Group and parent company’s ability to continue as a
  going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
  concern; and
> use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend
  to liquidate the Group or the parent company or to cease
  operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting
records that are sufficient to show and explain the parent Company’s
transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the
financial position of the parent Company and enable them to ensure
that its financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006.
They have general responsibility for taking such steps as are
reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Group and to
prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.
Under applicable law and regulations, the directors are also
responsible for preparing a Strategic Report, Directors’ Report,
Directors’ Remuneration Report and Corporate Governance
Statement that comply with that law and those regulations.
The directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the
corporate and financial information included on the company’s
website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and
dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in
other jurisdictions.




358               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                prudentialplc.com
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Prudential plc

                                                                                                                                                                   Group overview




1. Our opinion is unmodified
In our opinion:



                                                                                                                                                                   Strategic report
> the financial statements of Prudential plc give a true and fair view of the state of the Group’s and of the Parent Company’s affairs as at
  31 December 2022, and of the Group’s profit for the year then ended;
> the Group financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards;
> the Parent Company financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101
  Reduced Disclosure Framework; and
> the Group and Parent Company financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.


What our opinion covers

                                                                                                                                                                   Governance
We have audited the Group and Parent Company financial statements of Prudential plc (“the Company”) for the year ended 31 December 2022
(FY22) included in the Annual Report 2022, which comprise:

Group (Prudential plc and its subsidiaries)                                       Parent Company (Prudential plc)

Consolidated income statement, Consolidated statement of                          Statement of financial position of the Parent Company and
comprehensive income, Consolidated statement of changes in equity,                Statement of changes in equity of the Parent Company
Consolidated statement of financial position and Consolidated
statement of cash flows.                                                          Notes 1 to 10 to the Parent Company financial statements,
                                                                                  including the accounting policies in note 3.




                                                                                                                                                                   Directors’ remuneration report
Notes A1 to D6 to the Group financial statements, including the
accounting policies in note A3.1.


Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law. Our responsibilities are
described below. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion. Our audit opinion and
matters included in this report are consistent with those discussed and included in our reporting to the Audit Committee (“AC”).
We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and we remain independent of the Group in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including
the FRC Ethical Standard as applied to listed public interest entities.
2. Overview of our audit




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial statements
Factors driving our           The three Key Audit Matters (“KAMs”) identified in 2022 all remain           Key Audit Matters                      Vs FY21   Item
view of risks                 unchanged from FY21.
                                                                                                           Valuation of insurance                            4.1
                              KAM 4.1 is driven by the inherent subjectivity required when                 contract liabilities and
                              valuing the ultimate total settlement value of long-term policyholder        investment contract
                              liabilities. We consider the risk to be unchanged in the current year in     liabilities with discretionary
                              light of the continued business and economic disruption caused by
                                                                                                           participation features
                              the Coronavirus pandemic’s (COVID-19) potential impact on medical
                              claims experience and trends in policyholder behaviour in respect of         Valuation of certain level 2                      4.2
                              lapses, making historical experience less reliable in setting operating      and level 3 investments held




                                                                                                                                                                   European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                              assumptions. Market volatility also drives the level of subjectivity         at fair value
                              in setting economic assumptions such as discount rates and
                                                                                                           Recoverability of Parent                          4.3
                              investment return and this continues to be a driver of the risk in
                              this area reflecting economic and market conditions in 2022.                 Company’s investment in
                                                                                                           subsidiaries
                              KAM 4.2 is driven by the significant judgement required in valuing
                              certain level 2 and level 3 investments, specifically unlisted debt
                              securities and unlisted funds that are valued by reference to their Net
                              Asset Value (‘NAV funds’) where third party prices are not available
                              and therefore expert judgement is required in the valuations
                              adopted. Economic conditions in 2022 mean that there remains a
                              high level of subjectivity in determining the valuations of such
                              investments.
                              The continuing financial significance of the Parent Company’s
                              investment in subsidiaries also drove the identification of KAM 4.3
                              which remains the most significant area in the context of the Parent




                                                                                                                                                                   Additional information
                              Company financial statements.

Audit committee               During the year, the AC met 8 times. KPMG are invited to attend all AC meetings and are provided with an opportunity
interaction                   to meet with the AC in private sessions without the Executive Directors being present. For each Key Audit Matter, we
                              have set out communications with the AC in section 4, including matters that required particular judgement for each.
                              The matters included in the AC report on page 211 are materially consistent with our observations of those meetings.



                                                                                                              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022         359
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Prudential plc / continued




2. Overview of our audit continued

Our independence        We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and we remain       Total audit fee                               $6.7m
                        independent of the Group in accordance with, UK ethical
                        requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard as applied to listed      Audit related fees                            $3.5m
                        public interest entities.                                                 Other services                                $0.7m
                        Apart from the matters noted below, we have not performed any             Non-audit fee as a % of
                        non-audit services during the year ended 31 December 2022 or              total audit and audit
                        subsequently which are prohibited by the FRC Ethical Standard.            related fee %                                   41%
                        During 2023, we identified that certain KPMG member firms had             Date first appointed              October 1999
                        provided preparation of local GAAP financial statement services and
                        foreign language translation of those financial statements over the       Uninterrupted audit
                        period 2017 to 2022 and earlier periods prior to the implementation       tenure                                       24 years
                        of the FRC Ethical Standard. Some of those entities to whom services      Next financial period
                        were provided are, and have been, in scope for the Group audit. The       which requires a tender                        2023
                        services, which have been terminated, were administrative in nature
                                                                                                  Tenure of Group
                        and did not involve any management decision-making or
                                                                                                  engagement partner                             1 year
                        bookkeeping. The work in each case had no direct or indirect effect
                        on Prudential plc’s consolidated financial statements.                    Average tenure of
                                                                                                  component signing
                        In our professional judgement, we confirm that based on our               partners                                      2 years
                        assessment of the breach, our integrity and objectivity as auditor
                        has not been compromised and we believe that an objective,
                        reasonable and informed third party would conclude that the
                        provision of these services would not impair our integrity or
                        objectivity for any of the impacted financial years. The AC have
                        concurred with this view.
                        We were first appointed as auditor by the directors for the
                        year ended 31 December 1999. The period of total uninterrupted
                        engagement is for the 24 financial years ended 31 December 2022.
                        The Group engagement partner is required to rotate every 5 years.
                        As these are the first set of the Group’s financial statements signed
                        by Stuart Crisp, he would have been required to rotate off after the
                        FY26 audit. However, given that KPMG will rotate off this audit after
                        the completion of this 2022 audit, following the audit tender
                        conducted by the Company in 2020, this will be his last year of
                        involvement.
                        The average tenure of partners responsible for component audits as
                        set out in section 7 below is 2 years, with the shortest being 1 and
                        the longest being 3.

Materiality             The scope of our work is influenced by our view of materiality and our    Materiality levels used in our audit
(Item 6 below)          assessed risk of material misstatement.
                                                                                                                                                   190
                                                                                                  Group
                        We have determined overall materiality for the Group financial                                                             190
                        statements as a whole at $190m (FY21: $190m) and for the Parent            GPM
                                                                                                                                  140
                        Company financial statements as a whole at $45m (FY21: $53m).                                             140
                                                                                                                            110
                        Consistent with FY21, we determined that IFRS shareholders’ equity        HCM
                                                                                                                            110
                        remains the benchmark for the Group as it represents the residual                          45
                                                                                                   PLC
                        interest that can be ascribed to shareholders after policyholder assets                      53
                        and corresponding liabilities have been accounted for. We consider                    20
                                                                                                   LCM
                        that this is the most appropriate measure for the size of the business                20
                        and that it provides a stable measure year on year. As such, we based             9
                                                                                                  AMPT
                        our Group materiality on net assets, of which it represents 1.1%                  9                             FY22       FY21
                        (FY21: 1.1%).
                                                                                                  Group Group Materiality
                        Materiality for the Parent Company financial statements was               GPM   Group Performance Materiality
                        determined with reference to a benchmark of Parent Company’s              HCM   Highest Component Materiality
                        net assets of which it represents 0.3% (FY21: 0.4%).                      PLC   Parent Company Materiality
                                                                                                  LCM   Lowest Component Materiality
                                                                                                  AMPT	Audit Misstatement Posting
                                                                                                        Threshold




360              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                 prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                             Group overview




Group scope      We have performed risk assessment and planning procedures to                Coverage of Group financial statements
(Item 7 below)   determine which of the Group’s components are likely to include risks


                                                                                                                                             Strategic report
                 of material misstatement to the Group financial statements, the type                                           74
                                                                                                              8
                 of procedures to be performed at these components and the extent of
                 involvement required from our component auditors around the world.                                    5        79

                 Of the 13 (FY21:13) reporting components scoped in for the Group
                 audit, we subjected 6 (FY21: 7) to full scope audits for group reporting               16
                 purposes, 5 (FY21: 5) to an audit of account balances, 2 to specified
                                                                                                              Shareholders’
                                                                                             18                  Equity
                 risk-focused audit procedures over cash and cash equivalents, equity
                 and debt securities and deposits with credit institutions and insurance                          92%
                 contract liabilities (FY21: 1 to specified risk-focused audit procedures

                                                                                                                                             Governance
                 over cash and cash equivalents and debt securities). The components
                 for which we performed work other than full scope audits for Group
                 reporting purposes were not individually significant but were included
                 in the scope of our Group reporting work as they did present specific
                 individual audit risks that needed to be addressed or in order to provide
                 further coverage over the Group’s results.                                                                     55
                 The components within the scope of our work accounted for the                          11
                 percentages illustrated opposite.                                                                              86
                                                                                                                  10




                                                                                                                                             Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                                                              4
                 In addition, we have performed Group level analysis on the remaining
                 components to determine whether further risks of material
                 misstatement exist in those components.                                                             Profit
                                                                                                                   before tax
                 We consider the scope of our audit, as communicated to the AC, to be                                 89%
                 an appropriate basis for our audit opinion.


                       Full scope for FY22 audit
                                                                                                              34
                     Audits of one or more account balances and specified risk
                    	
                     focused audit procedures for FY22
                                                                                                                       4        85




                                                                                                                                             Financial statements
                       Full scope for FY21 audit
                       Audits
                             of one or more account balances and specified risk                   11                           78
                                                                                                                   9
                       focused audit procedures for FY21
                       Residual components
                                                                                                        13
                                                                                                                   Revenue
                                                                                                                     96%




                                                                                                                                             European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                                                                                               1 82


                                                                                                                           5    82
                                                                                                  17
                                                                                                         13
                                                                                                                       Total
                                                                                                                       assets
                                                                                                                        98%




                                                                                                                                             Additional information




                                                                                               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022      361
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Prudential plc / continued




2. Overview of our audit continued

The impact of          In planning our audit, we have considered the potential impact of climate change on the Group’s business and its
climate change on      financial statements.
our audit
                       The Group has set out its commitments to decarbonise its portfolio of assets held on behalf of its insurance
                       companies with a new goal of becoming “net zero” by 2050. Further information is provided in the Group’s
                       Environment, Social and Governance report.
                       Climate change risk could have a significant impact on the Group’s business as the operations and strategy of the
                       Group are adapted to address the potential financial and non-financial risks which could arise from both the physical
                       and transition risks associated with climate change. Climate change initiatives and commitments could impact the
                       financial statements of the Group in a variety of ways including in the determination of fair value for assets and
                       potential for increased claims experience which could impact the valuation of liabilities. Greater narrative and
                       disclosure of the impact of climate change risk is incorporated into the annual report.
                       As a part of our audit we have made enquiries of the directors and other management to understand the extent of
                       the potential impact of climate change risk on the Group’s financial statements and the Group’s preparedness for this.
                       We have performed a risk assessment of how the impact of the scenario analysis performed by the Group in respect
                       of climate change may affect the financial statements and our audit, this involved a discussion with our own climate
                       risk subject matter professionals to challenge our risk assessment. There was no significant impact of this on our key
                       audit matters.
                       We have assessed how the Group considers the impact of climate change risk on the valuation of the policyholder
                       liabilities taking into account the nature of the insurance contracts that the Group enters into and the associated
                       valuation methodology. This has not had a significant impact on the related key audit matter. We have also
                       incorporated a consideration of the climate change impact on the audit of the valuation of certain level 2 and level 3
                       positions within the portfolio of financial investments held at fair value, taking into account the nature of the
                       investments and the associated valuation approach. This has not had a significant impact on the related key audit
                       matter. We have read the disclosure of climate related information in the front half of the annual report and
                       considered consistency with the financial statements and our audit knowledge.
                       We have not been engaged to provide assurance over the accuracy of the climate risk disclosures set out on pages 90
                       to 132 in the Annual Report.




362             Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                  prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                           Group overview




3. Going concern, viability and principal risks and uncertainties
The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Group or the Parent



                                                                                                                                                           Strategic report
Company or to cease their operations, and as they have concluded that the Group’s and the Parent Company’s financial position means that this
is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over their ability to continue as
a going concern for at least a year from the date of approval of the financial statements (“the going concern period”).

Going concern
We used our knowledge of the Group and the Parent Company, its industry, and the general               Our conclusions
economic environment in which it operates to identify the inherent risks to its business model         > We consider that the directors’ use of
and analysed how those risks might affect the Group and the Parent Company’s financial                   the going concern basis of accounting in
resources or ability to continue operations over the going concern period. The risks that were           the preparation of the financial


                                                                                                                                                           Governance
considered most likely to adversely affect the Group’s and the Parent Company’s available                statements is appropriate;
financial resources over this period were:                                                             > We have not identified, and concur with
> Adverse impacts arising from fluctuations or negative trends in the economic environment               the directors’ assessment that there is
  which affect the valuations of the Group’s investments, wider credit spreads and defaults and          not, a material uncertainty related to
  valuation of policyholder liabilities due to the impact of these market movements;                     events or conditions that, individually or
                                                                                                         collectively, may cast significant doubt
> The impact on regulatory capital solvency margins from movements in interest rates; and
                                                                                                         on the Group’s or Parent Company’s
> Severely adverse policyholder lapse or claims experience.                                              ability to continue as a going concern for
We also considered less predictable but realistic second order impacts, such as failure of some of       the going concern period;




                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ remuneration report
the Group’s counterparties (such as banks and reinsurers) to meet commitments, which could             > We have nothing material to add or
give rise to a negative impact on the Group’s financial position and liquidity, and wider economic       draw attention to in relation to the
factors such as the Coronavirus pandemic’s impact on economic volatility and market                      directors’ statement in note A1 to the
uncertainty in the period, and other such macroeconomic events.                                          financial statements on the use of the
                                                                                                         going concern basis of accounting with
We considered whether these risks could plausibly affect the liquidity or solvency in the going          no material uncertainties that may cast
concern period by assessing the directors’ sensitivities over the level of available financial           significant doubt over the Group and
resources indicated by the Group’s and the Parent Company’s cash flow forecasts taking account           Parent Company’s use of that basis for
of severe but plausible adverse effects that could arise from these risks individually and               the going concern period, and we found
collectively.                                                                                            the going concern disclosure in note A1
                                                                                                         to be acceptable; and
We considered whether the going concern disclosure in note A1 to the financial statements gives        > The related statement under the Listing




                                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
a full and accurate description of the directors’ assessment of going concern, including the             Rules set out on page 223 is materially
identified risks and related sensitivities.                                                              consistent with the financial statements
                                                                                                         and our audit knowledge.
Accordingly, based on those procedures, we found the directors’ use of the going concern basis
of accounting without any material uncertainty for the Group and Parent Company to be
acceptable. However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent
events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at
the time they were made, the above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Group or the
Parent Company will continue in operation.




                                                                                                                                                           European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                                           Additional information




                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   363
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Prudential plc / continued




3. Going concern, viability and principal risks and uncertainties continued

Disclosures of emerging and principal risks and longer-term viability
Our responsibility                                                                                   Our reporting
We are required to perform procedures to identify whether there is a material inconsistency          > We have nothing material to add or
between the directors’ disclosures in respect of emerging and principal risks and the viability        draw attention to in relation to these
statement, and the financial statements and our audit knowledge.                                       disclosures.
Based on those procedures, we have nothing material to add or draw attention to in relation to:      > We have concluded that these
                                                                                                       disclosures are materially consistent with
> the directors’ confirmation within the risk review on page 52 that they have carried out             the financial statements and our audit
  a robust assessment of the emerging and principal risks facing the Group, including those            knowledge.
  that would threaten its business model, future performance, solvency and liquidity;
> the principal risks and uncertainties disclosures describing these risks and how emerging
  risks are identified and explaining how they are being managed and mitigated; and
> the directors’ explanation in the viability statement of how they have assessed the prospects
  of the Group, over what period they have done so and why they considered that period to be
  appropriate, and their statement as to whether they have a reasonable expectation that the
  Group will be able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the
  period of their assessment, including any related disclosures drawing attention to any
  necessary qualifications or assumptions.
We are also required to review the viability statement set out on page 64 under the Listing Rules.
Our work is limited to assessing these matters in the context of only the knowledge acquired
during our financial statements audit. As we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as
subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that were
reasonable at the time they were made, the absence of anything to report on these statements
is not a guarantee as to the Group’s and Parent Company’s longer-term viability.




364               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                  prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                    Group overview




4. Key audit matters




                                                                                                                                                    Strategic report
What we mean
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements and
include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) identified by us, including those which had
the greatest effect on:
> the overall audit strategy;
> the allocation of resources in the audit; and
> directing the efforts of the engagement team.



                                                                                                                                                    Governance
We include below the Key Audit Matters in decreasing order of audit significance together with our key audit procedures to address those matters
and our results from those procedures. These matters were addressed, and our results are based on procedures undertaken, for the purpose of our
audit of the financial statements as a whole. We do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

4.1 Valuation of insurance contract liabilities and investment contract liabilities with discretionary participation
features (group)
Financial Statement Elements                        Our assessment of risk vs FY21                    Our results
                             FY22          FY21                     We have not identified any        FY22: Acceptable




                                                                                                                                                    Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                    significant changes to our
Insurance contract $121,522m $151,101m                              assessment of the level of        FY21: Acceptable
   liabilities and                                                  risk relating to the valuation
   investment                                                       of insurance contract
   contract liabilities
                                                                    liabilities and investment
   with discretionary
                                                                    contract liabilities with
   participation
                                                                    discretionary participation
   features
                                                                    features compared to FY21

Description of the Key Audit Matter                 Our response to the risk
The Group has significant insurance contract        We used our own actuarial specialists to assist us in performing our procedures in this area.
liabilities and investment contract liabilities     Our procedures included:




                                                                                                                                                    Financial statements
with discretionary participation features
(policyholder liabilities) representing             Methodology choice
82 per cent (FY21: 83 per cent) of the Group’s      We assessed the methodology for selecting assumptions and calculating the policyholder
total liabilities.                                  liabilities. This included:

Subjective valuation                                > Assessing the methodology adopted for selecting assumptions by applying our industry
This is an area that involves significant              knowledge and experience and comparing the methodology used against industry
judgement over uncertain future outcomes,              standard actuarial practice;
mainly the ultimate total settlement value of       > Assessing the methodology adopted for calculating the policyholder liabilities by reference
these long term policyholder liabilities, and          to the requirements of the accounting standard and actuarial market practice, and




                                                                                                                                                    European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
we consider the risk to have remained                  assessing the impact of current year changes in methodology on the calculation of
unchanged in the current year in light of the          policyholder liabilities;
continued business and economic disruption          > Comparing changes in methodology to our expectations derived from market experience;
caused by the Coronavirus pandemic’s                   and
(COVID-19) potential impact on policyholder         > Evaluating the analysis of the movements in policyholder liabilities during the year,
behaviour in respect of lapses and trends in           including consideration of whether the movements were in line with the methodology and
medical experience, making historical                  assumptions adopted.
experience less reliable in setting operating       Control operation
assumptions.                                        We used our own IT specialists to assist us in performing our procedures in this area which
Significant judgement is required to assess         included testing of the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of key controls
whether the directors’ overall estimate,            over the valuation process. Controls testing in respect of the valuation process included
taking into account key economic                    assessment and approval of the methods and assumptions adopted over the calculation of
assumptions, including investment return            policyholder liabilities as well as appropriate access and change management controls over
and associated discount rates, and operating        the actuarial models.
assumptions including mortality, morbidity,
expenses and lapses, which are the key




                                                                                                                                                    Additional information
inputs used to estimate these long term
liabilities, falls within an acceptable range, in
addition to the appropriate design and
calibration of complex reserving models.




                                                                                                        Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   365
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Prudential plc / continued




4. Key audit matters continued

The effect of these matters is that, as part of        Our procedures also included:
our risk assessment, we determined that the
valuation of policyholder liabilities has a high       Historical comparison
degree of estimation uncertainty, with a               > Evaluating the experience analysis in respect of the mortality, morbidity, lapse, and
potential range of reasonable outcomes                   expense assumptions by reference to actual experience, taking into account the potential
greater than our materiality for the financial           impact of COVID-19 on reported claims, in order to assess whether this supported the
statements as a whole and possibly many                  year-end assumptions adopted.
times that amount. The financial statements            Benchmarking assumptions and sector experience
note C6 disclose the sensitivities estimated           > Using our sector experience and market knowledge to inform our challenge of the
by the Group.                                            assumptions in the areas noted above.
                                                       Model evaluation
                                                       > Assessing the reserving models by considering the accuracy of the cash flow projections
                                                         including by reference to the inclusion of relevant product features. We have also assessed
                                                         the impact of modelling and assumption changes by inspecting pre and post change
                                                         model runs and comparing the outcomes of the changes to our expectations.
                                                       Assessing transparency
                                                       We assessed whether the disclosures in relation to the assumptions used in the valuation of
                                                       policyholder liabilities are compliant with the relevant accounting requirements.
Communications with the Prudential plc’s AC
Our discussions with and reporting to the AC included:
> Our approach to the audit of insurance contract liabilities and investment contract liabilities with discretionary participation features
  including details of our planned substantive procedures and the extent of our control reliance.
> Our conclusions on the appropriateness of the Company’s methodology for selecting assumptions and calculating policyholder liabilities
  and accounting policies.
> Our conclusions on the appropriateness of the calibration of the models and changes to the methodology, including the impact of the early
  adoption of the Risk-Based Capital regime on the valuation of contract liabilities in Hong Kong. We communicated to the AC our challenge
  of the assumptions using our sector experience and market knowledge.
Areas of particular auditor judgement
We identified the following as the areas of particular auditor judgement:
> Reasonableness of the estimate, depending on the application of the key economic assumptions including investment return and
  associated discount rates, and operating assumptions including mortality, morbidity, expenses and lapses
> Significance of the inputs into the reserving models and the consequent impact on the valuation of policyholder liabilities.
Our results
We found the valuation and disclosures of policyholder liabilities to be acceptable (FY21: acceptable).

Further information in the Annual Report: See the AC on page 211 for details on how the AC considered the valuation insurance contract
liabilities and investment contracts with discretionary participation features as an area of significant attention, page 290 for the accounting
policy on insurance contract liabilities and investment contracts with discretionary participation features, and pages 324 to 327 note C3 for
the financial disclosures.




366                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                      prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                       Group overview




4.2 Valuation of certain level 2 and level 3 investments held at fair value (group)
Financial Statement Elements                      Our assessment of risk vs FY21                    Our results


                                                                                                                                                       Strategic report
                            FY22          FY21                    We have not identified any        FY22: Acceptable
                                                                  significant changes to our
Level 2 and 3         $28,665m      $31,282m                      assessment of the level of        FY21: Acceptable
  financial                                                       risk relating to the valuation
  investments                                                     of certain level 2 and level 3
                                                                  investments held at fair
                                                                  value compared to FY21
Description of the Key Audit Matter               Our response to the risk

                                                                                                                                                       Governance
The Group’s investments portfolio represents      We used our own valuation specialists in order to assist us in performing our procedures in this
87 per cent (FY21: 85 per cent) of the Group’s    area.
total assets.
                                                  Our procedures included:
Subjective valuation
The area that involved significant audit effort   Methodology choice
and judgement in the current year was the         We assessed the appropriateness of the valuation methodologies with reference to relevant
valuation of certain level 2 and level 3          accounting standards as well as industry practice.
positions within the portfolio of financial       Control operation




                                                                                                                                                       Directors’ remuneration report
investments held at fair value. This is           We tested the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of key controls over the
comprised of unlisted debt securities and         valuation process, including the Group’s review and approval of the estimates and
unlisted funds that are valued by reference to    assumptions used for the valuation including key authorisation and data input controls.
their Net Asset Value (‘NAV funds’). For these
positions a reliable third-party price was not    Tests of detail
readily available and therefore involved the      For a sample of securities, we used our valuation specialists to assess the Group’s classification
application of expert judgement in the            of assets within Level 2 or Level 3 by evaluating the observability of the inputs used in valuing
valuations adopted.                               these securities.

Auditor judgement is required in determining      For a sample of unlisted debt securities we compared the price adopted to our independently
the appropriate valuation methodology             derived price, using our valuation specialists. For a sample of unlisted funds, we agreed the
where external pricing sources are either not     valuations for the NAV funds to the most recent NAV statements. To assess reliability of these
readily available or are unreliable. Further      statements we compared to audited financial statements of the funds, where available, or




                                                                                                                                                       Financial statements
judgement is required to assess whether the       performed a retrospective test over the NAV valuations for each fund to assess if the fund
directors’ overall estimate, based on their       valuations reported in the audited financial statements in the prior year were materially
judgement depending on the observability          consistent with the most recent NAV valuation statements available at the time.
and significance of the inputs into the           Assessing transparency
valuation and the consequent impact on the        We assessed whether the disclosures in relation to the valuation of level 2 and 3 investments
classification of those investments, falls        held at fair value are compliant with the relevant accounting requirements
within an acceptable range.
The effect of these matters is that, as part of
our risk assessment, we determined that the




                                                                                                                                                       European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
valuation of certain level 2 and 3
investments held at fair value has a high
degree of estimation uncertainty, with a
potential range of reasonable outcomes
greater than our materiality for the financial
statements as a whole and possibly many
times that amount.
The financial statements note C6 disclose
the sensitivities estimated by the Group.




                                                                                                                                                       Additional information




                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   367
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Prudential plc / continued




4. Key audit matters continued

Communications with the Prudential plc’s AC
Our discussions with and reporting to the AC included:
> Our approach to the audit of unlisted debt securities and unlisted funds that are valued by reference to their Net Asset Value including
  details of our planned substantive procedures and the extent of our control reliance.
> Our conclusions on the appropriateness of the methodology adopted by the Group and the valuation selected for individual investments.
> For our sample of securities, any differences between the valuation adopted by the Group and our independently derived price.
> The adequacy of the disclosures, particularly as it relates to the sensitivity of the value of the level 2 and level 3 investments to key
  assumptions.
Areas of particular auditor judgement
We identified the following as the areas of particular auditor judgement:
> Determination of the valuation methodology where external pricing sources are not readily available or unreliable
> Reasonableness of the estimate, depending on the observability and significance of the inputs into the valuation and the consequent
  impact on the classification of those investments.
Our results
We found the valuation of and disclosures of level 2 and 3 investments held at fair value to be acceptable (FY21: acceptable).

Further information in the Annual Report: See the AC Report on page 211 for details on how the AC considered the valuation of certain level 2 and
level 3 investments, page 292 for the accounting policy on the valuation of certain level 2 and level 3 investments , and pages 315 to 322/note C2
for the financial disclosures.

4.3 Recoverability of parent company’s investment in subsidiaries (parent company)
Financial Statement Elements                          Our assessment of risk vs FY21                  Our results
                            FY22           FY21                       We have not identified any      FY22: Acceptable
                                                                      significant changes to our
Investment in         $13,178m       $13,114m                         assessment of the level of      FY21: Acceptable
  subsidiaries                                                        risk relating to KAM 4.3
                                                                      compared to FY21
Description of the Key Audit Matter                   Our response to the risk
Low risk, high value                                  Our procedures included:
The carrying amount of the Parent
Company’s investments in subsidiaries                 Tests of detail
represents 63 per cent (FY21: 58 per cent) of         Comparing the carrying amount of 100% of the investment in subsidiaries with the relevant
the Parent Company’s total assets. Their              subsidiaries’ draft balance sheet to identify whether their net assets, being an approximation
recoverability is not at a high risk of               of their minimum recoverable amount, were in excess of their carrying amount, and assessing
significant misstatement or subject to                whether those subsidiaries have historically been profit-making.
significant judgement. However, due to their          We performed the test above rather than seeking to rely on the Parent Company’s controls
materiality in the context of the Parent              because the nature of the balance is such that we would expect to obtain audit evidence
Company financial statements, this is                 primarily through the detailed procedure described.
considered to be the area that had the
greatest effect on our overall Parent                 Assessing subsidiary audits
Company audit.                                        Assessing the work performed by the subsidiary audit teams on all of those subsidiaries and
                                                      considering the results of that work on those subsidiaries’ profits and net assets.
Communications with the Prudential plc’s AC
Our discussions with and reporting to the AC included:
> Our approach to the audit of the recoverability of the Parent Company’s investment in subsidiaries including details of our planned
  substantive procedures.
> Our conclusions on the appropriateness of the valuation of the Parent Company’s investment in subsidiaries.
Our results
We found the Parent Company’s conclusion that there is no impairment of its investment in subsidiaries to be acceptable (FY21:acceptable).

Further information in the Annual Report: See the AC Report on page 211 for details on how the AC considered the valuation of Parent Company’s
investment in subsidiaries as an area of significant attention, page 354 for the accounting policy on the valuation of Parent Company’s
investment in subsidiaries, and page 356/note 5 for the financial disclosures.




368               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                      prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                        Group overview




5. Our ability to detect irregularities, and our response




                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
Fraud – identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud
Fraud risk assessment               To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions
                                    that could indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud.
                                    Our risk assessment procedures included:
                                    > Enquiring of directors, the AC, internal audit, group security, and inspecting key papers provided to
                                      those charged with governance as to the high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect
                                      fraud, including the Group’s channel for “whistleblowing” and process for engaging local management
                                      to identify fraud risks specific to their business units, as well as whether they have knowledge of any
                                      actual, suspected, or alleged fraud.

                                                                                                                                                        Governance
                                    > Reading board and AC minutes.
                                    > Considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance targets for directors.
                                    > Consulting with our own professionals with forensic knowledge to assist us in identifying fraud risks
                                      based on discussions of the circumstances of the Group and the Parent Company.

Risk communications                 We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications
                                    of fraud throughout the audit. This included communication from the Group audit team to all
                                    component audit teams in scope of relevant fraud risks identified at the Group level and requests to these
                                    component audit teams to report to the Group audit team any instances of fraud that could give rise to a




                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ remuneration report
                                    material misstatement at Group.

Fraud risks                         As required by auditing standards, and taking into account possible pressures to meet profit targets, we
                                    perform procedures to address the risks of management override of controls, in particular the risk that
                                    Group and component management may be in a position to make inappropriate accounting entries and
                                    the risk of bias in accounting estimates and judgements. Accordingly, we identified fraud risks related to
                                    the valuation of policyholder liabilities given the impact on the Group’s profit, the opportunity for
                                    management to manipulate assumptions due to the subjectivity involved and given the long-term nature
                                    of these assumptions which are more difficult to corroborate.
                                    On this audit we do not consider there is a fraud risk related to revenue recognition as there is limited
                                    management judgement involved in the determination of all material revenue streams as the amounts




                                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
                                    are contractually derived.

Link to KAMs                        Further detail in respect of the valuation of insurance contract liabilities is set out in the valuation of
                                    insurance contract liabilities KAM disclosures in section 4.1 of this report.

Procedures to address               In determining the audit procedures to address the identified fraud risks, we took into account the results
fraud risks                         of our evaluation and testing of the operating effectiveness of the Group-wide anti-fraud risk controls. In
                                    order to address the risk of fraud specifically as it relates to the valuation of insurance contract liabilities,
                                    we involved actuarial specialists to assist in our challenge of management. We challenged management
                                    in relation to the selection of assumptions and the appropriateness of the rationale for any changes, the




                                                                                                                                                        European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                    consistency of the selected assumptions across different aspects of the financial reporting process and
                                    comparison to our understanding of the product portfolio, trends in experience, policyholder behaviour
                                    and economic conditions and also by reference to market practice. Further detail in respect of these is set
                                    out in the audit response to the risks associated with this key audit matter in section 4 of this report.
                                    To address the pervasive risk as it relates to management override, we also performed procedures
                                    including:
                                    > Identifying journal entries to test at Group and for all in-scope components, other than those only
                                      in scope for specified risk-based audit procedures, based on risk criteria and comparing the identified
                                      entries to supporting documentation. These include unusual journal entries posted to either cash
                                      or borrowings.
                                    > Evaluating the business purpose of any non-recurring transactions.
                                    > Assessing significant accounting estimates and judgements for bias.




                                                                                                                                                        Additional information




                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    369
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Prudential plc / continued




5. Our ability to detect irregularities, and our response continued

Laws and regulations – identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement relating to compliance with laws and
regulations
Laws and regulations risk              We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect
assessment                             on the financial statements from our general commercial and sector experience, through discussion with
                                       the directors, and from inspection of the Group’s regulatory and legal correspondence. We discussed with
                                       the directors and other management the policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws and
                                       regulation.
                                       As the Group is regulated, our assessment of risks involved gaining an understanding of the control
                                       environment including the entity’s procedures for complying with regulatory requirements.

Risk communications                    We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any
                                       indications of non-compliance throughout the audit. This included communication from the Group audit
                                       team to all in-scope component audit teams, with the exception of those scoped in only for specified
                                       risk-based audit procedures, of relevant laws and regulations identified at the Group level, and a request
                                       for these teams to report to the Group audit team any instances of non-compliance with said laws and
                                       regulations, or any identified local laws and regulations, that could give rise to a material misstatement at
                                       Group.

Direct laws context and link to        The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.
audit
                                       The Group is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including
                                       financial reporting legislation (including related companies legislation), distributable profits legislation
                                       and taxation legislation and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as
                                       part of our procedures on the related financial statement items.

Most significant indirect law/         The Group is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance
regulation areas                       could have a material effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for instance through
                                       the imposition of fines or litigation or the loss of the Group’s license to operate. We identified the
                                       regulations governing capital requirements most likely to have such an effect recognising the financial
                                       and regulated nature of the Group’s activities.
                                       Auditing standards limit the required audit procedures to identify non-compliance with these laws and
                                       regulations to enquiry of the directors and other management and inspection of regulatory and legal
                                       correspondence, if any. Therefore, if a breach of operational regulations is not disclosed to us or evident
                                       from relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.

Actual or suspected breaches           We discussed with the AC matters related to actual or suspected fraud, for which disclosure is not
discussed with ac                      necessary, and considered any implications for our audit.



Context
Context of the ability of the          Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected
audit to detect fraud or               some material misstatements in the financial statements, even though we have properly planned and
breaches of law or regulation          performed our audit in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-
                                       compliance with laws and regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial
                                       statements, the less likely the inherently limited procedures required by auditing standards would
                                       identify it.
                                       In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as fraud may
                                       involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls.
                                       Our audit procedures are designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for
                                       preventing non-compliance or fraud and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all
                                       laws and regulations.




370              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                        prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                    Group overview




6. Our determination of materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. We set quantitative thresholds and overlay qualitative considerations to



                                                                                                                                                    Strategic report
help us determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our procedures, and in evaluating the effect of misstatements, both
individually and in the aggregate, on the financial statements as a whole.

$190m                                What we mean
(FY21: $190m)                        A quantitative reference for the purpose of planning and performing our audit.
                                     Basis for determining materiality and judgements applied
Materiality for the group
                                     Materiality for the Group financial statements as a whole was set at $190m (FY21: $190m). This was
financial statements as a
                                     determined with reference to a benchmark of IFRS shareholders’ equity.
whole
                                     Consistent with FY21, we determined that IFRS shareholders’ equity remains the main benchmark for the

                                                                                                                                                    Governance
                                     Group as it represents the residual interest that can be ascribed to shareholders after policyholder assets
                                     and corresponding liabilities have been accounted for; we consider that this is the most appropriate
                                     measure for the size of the business and that it provides a stable measure year on year.
                                     Our Group materiality of $190m (FY21: $190m) was determined by applying a percentage to the IFRS
                                     Shareholders’ equity. When using a benchmark of net assets/equity to determine overall materiality,
                                     KPMG’s approach for listed entities considers a guideline range 0.5 - 2% of the measure. In setting overall
                                     Group materiality, we applied a percentage of 1.1% (FY21: 1.1%) to the benchmark.
                                     Materiality for the Parent Company financial statements as a whole was set at $45m (FY21: $53m),




                                                                                                                                                    Directors’ remuneration report
                                     determined with reference to a benchmark of Parent Company net assets, of which it represents 0.3%
                                     (FY21: 0.4%).



$140m                                What we mean
(FY21: $140m)                        Our procedures on individual account balances and disclosures were performed to a lower threshold,
                                     performance materiality, so as to reduce to an acceptable level the risk that individually immaterial
Performance materiality              misstatements in individual account balances add up to a material amount across the financial
                                     statements as a whole.
                                     Basis for determining performance materiality and judgements applied
                                     We have considered performance materiality at a level of 75% (FY21: 75%) of materiality for




                                                                                                                                                    Financial statements
                                     Prudential plc Group financial statements as a whole to be appropriate.
                                     The Parent Company performance materiality was set at $33m (FY21: $33.75m), which equates to 75%
                                     (FY21: 75%) of materiality for the Parent Company financial statements as a whole.
                                     We applied this percentage in our determination of performance materiality because we did not identify
                                     any factors indicating an elevated level of risk.




                                                                                                                                                    European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
$9m                                  What we mean
(FY21: $9m)                          This is the amount below which identified misstatements are considered to be clearly trivial from a
                                     quantitative point of view. We may become aware of misstatements below this threshold which could
Audit misstatement posting           alter the nature, timing and scope of our audit procedures, for example if we identify smaller
threshold                            misstatements which are indicators of fraud.
                                     This is also the amount above which all misstatements identified are communicated to Prudential plc’s
                                     AC.
                                     Basis for determining the audit misstatement posting threshold and judgements applied
                                     We set our audit misstatement posting threshold at 5% (FY21: 5%) of our materiality for the Group
                                     financial statements. We also report to the AC any other identified misstatements that warrant reporting
                                     on qualitative grounds.


The overall materiality for the Group financial statements of $190m (FY21: $190m) compares as follows to the main financial statement caption
amounts:




                                                                                                                                                    Additional information
                                                                            Group profit before tax for
                                          Total Group Revenue                 continuing operations                    Total Group Assets
                                              FY22               FY21              FY22               FY21                FY22               FY21

Financial statement Caption              $(8,219)m         $26,500m             $1,482m           $3,018m          $165,942m            $199,102m
Group Materiality as % of caption              2.3%              1.0%             12.8%               6.3%                 0.1%              0.1%




                                                                                                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022     371
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Prudential plc / continued




7. The scope of our audit

Group scope                           What we mean
                                      How the Group audit team determined the procedures to be performed across the Group.
                                      The Group has 13 (FY21: 13) reporting components scoped in for the Group audit. In order to determine
                                      the work performed at the reporting component level, we identified those components which we
                                      considered to be of individual financial significance, those which were significant due to risk and those
                                      remaining components on which we required procedures to be performed to provide us with the evidence
                                      we required in order to conclude on the Group financial statements as a whole.
                                      We determined individually financially significant components as those contributing at least 7% (FY21:
                                      6%) of profit before tax (for components that are equity accounted in the consolidated financial
                                      statements), total assets (for life insurance components) or revenue (for components that are not life
                                      insurance components). We selected profit before tax, total assets and revenue because these are the
                                      most representative of the relative size of the components and the nature. We identified 6 (FY21: 7)
                                      components as individually financially significant components and performed full scope audits on these
                                      components.
                                      In addition to the individually financially significant components, we identified 4 (FY21: 3) components as
                                      significant, owing to significant risks of material misstatement affecting the Group financial statements.
                                      Of the 4 (FY21: 3) components identified as significant due to risk, we performed audits of equity and
                                      debt securities in 3 components (2021: 3), gross insurance contracts in 3 components (FY21: 3) and
                                      performed specific risk-focused audit procedures over gross insurance contract liabilities in 1 component
                                      (FY21: none).
                                      In addition, to enable us to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence for the Group financial
                                      statements as a whole, we selected 7 (FY21: 7) components on which to perform procedures. 4 of these
                                      components were already scoped in owing to significance due to risk, as explained above. We performed
                                      audits of:
                                      > distribution rights, policy loans and benefits and claims and movement in unallocated surplus of
                                        with-profits funds in 2 components (FY21: 2),
                                      > deferred acquisition costs, gross premiums earned, total investment return and acquisition costs and
                                        other expenditure in 3 components (FY21:3)
                                      > equity and debt securities, gross investment contract liabilities without discretionary participation
                                        features, gross insurance contracts and other income in 1 component (FY21: 1),
                                      > cash and cash equivalents and deposits with credit institutions in 4 components (FY21:4),
                                      > performed specific risk-focused audit procedures over cash and cash equivalents and deposits with
                                        credit institutions in 1 component (FY21: cash and cash equivalents and debt securities).
                                      > performed specific risk-focused audit procedures over equity and debt securities in 1 component (FY21:
                                        none).
                                      The components within the scope of our work accounted for the percentages illustrated in section 2 -
                                      Group Scope.

                                                                                                                      Number of   Range of materiality
                                      Scope                                                                         components                applied

                                      Full scope audit                                                                       6       $45m - $110m
                                      Audit of one or more account balances                                                  5        $20m - $45m
                                      Specified audit procedures                                                             2               $20m

                                      In addition, we have performed Group level analysis on the remaining components to determine whether
                                      further risks of material.
                                      We were able to rely upon the Group’s internal control over financial reporting in several areas of our
                                      audit, where our controls testing supported this approach, which enabled us to reduce the scope of our
                                      substantive audit work; in the other areas the scope of the audit work performed was fully substantive.




372             Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                    prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                          Group overview




Group audit team oversight   What we mean
                             The extent of the Group audit team’s involvement in component audits.


                                                                                                                                          Strategic report
                             In working with component auditors, we:
                             > Held a virtual global planning conference with component auditors to identify audit risks and decide
                               how each component team should address the identified audit risks.
                             > Instructed component auditors as to the significant areas to be covered, including the relevant risks
                               detailed above and the information to be reported.
                             > Approved the component materialities, which ranged from $20 million to $110 million (FY21:
                               $20 million to $110 million) across the components, having regard to the size and risk profile of the
                               Group across the components. The work on 11 components (FY21: 11 components) was performed by

                                                                                                                                          Governance
                               component auditors and work on the remaining two components, which included the Parent
                               Company, was performed by the Group audit team.
                             > Visited 8 component locations across Asia, as travel restrictions eased during the course of 2022 (FY21:
                               due to Coronavirus restrictions on travel the Group audit team held video and telephone conference
                               meetings with component auditors). Video and telephone conference meetings were also held with
                               these component auditors. During these video and telephone conference meetings, an assessment
                               was made of audit risk and strategy, the findings reported to the Group audit team were discussed in
                               more detail, key working papers were inspected and any further work required by the Group audit team
                               was then performed by the component auditor.




                                                                                                                                          Directors’ remuneration report
                             > The Group team also routinely reviews the audit documentation of all component audits. The Group
                               audit team conducted a combination of in person and remote file reviews, performed by experienced
                               members of the audit team, to evaluate whether work performed by all component audit teams over
                               significant risk and other relevant audit areas was sufficient. In addition, the Group audit team
                               maintained clear oversight of the work of component auditors and attended local final audit closing
                               meetings via conference/video call.
                             > The Senior Statutory Auditor, in conjunction with other senior staff in the Group and component audit
                               teams, also regularly attended subsidiary AC meetings and participated in meetings with local
                               components to obtain additional understanding, first hand, of the key risks and audit issues at a
                               component level which may affect the Group financial statements.




                                                                                                                                          Financial statements




                                                                                                                                          European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                          Additional information




                                                                                           Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   373
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Prudential plc / continued




8. Other information in the annual report
The directors are responsible for the other information presented in the Annual Report together with the financial statements. Our opinion on the
financial statements does not cover the other information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion or, except as explicitly stated
below, any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

All other information
Our responsibility                                                                                   Our reporting
Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether, based on     Based solely on that work we have not
our financial statements audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or              identified material misstatements or
inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge.                                   inconsistencies in the other information.



Strategic report and Directors’ report
Our responsibility and reporting
Based solely on our work on the other information described above we report to you as follows:
> we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report and the directors’
  report;
> in our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial year is consistent with
  the financial statements; and
> in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.



Directors’ remuneration report
Our responsibility                                                                                   Our reporting
We are required to form an opinion as to whether the part of the Directors’ Remuneration             In our opinion the part of the Directors’
Report to be audited has been properly prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.           Remuneration Report to be audited has
                                                                                                     been properly prepared in accordance with
                                                                                                     the Companies Act 2006.

Corporate governance disclosures
Our responsibility                                                                                   Our reporting
We are required to perform procedures to identify whether there is a material inconsistency          Based on those procedures, we have
between the financial statements and our audit knowledge, and:                                       concluded that each of these disclosures is
                                                                                                     materially consistent with the financial
> the directors’ statement that they consider that the annual report and financial statements        statements and our audit knowledge.
  taken as a whole is fair, balanced and understandable, and provides the information
  necessary for shareholders to assess the Group’s position and performance, business model
  and strategy;
> the section of the annual report describing the work of the AC, including the significant issues
  that the AC considered in relation to the financial statements, and how these issues were
  addressed; and
> the section of the annual report that describes the review of the effectiveness of the Group’s
  risk management and internal control systems.

We are also required to review the part of the Corporate Governance Statement relating to the        We have nothing to report in this respect.
Group’s compliance with the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code specified by the
Listing Rules for our review.




374               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                  prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                      Group overview




Other matters on which we are required to report by exception
Our responsibility                                                                                      Our reporting


                                                                                                                                                      Strategic report
Under the Companies Act 2006, we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:                      We have nothing to report in these
                                                                                                        respects.
> adequate accounting records have not been kept by the Parent Company, or returns
  adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us; or
> the Parent Company financial statements and the part of the Directors’ Remuneration Report
  to be audited are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
> certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
> we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.


                                                                                                                                                      Governance
9. Respective responsibilities
Directors’ responsibilities
As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 358, the directors are responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements
including being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the Group and Parent Company’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
they either intend to liquidate the Group or the Parent Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditor’s responsibilities




                                                                                                                                                      Directors’ remuneration report
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor’s report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.
A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.
The Company is required to include these financial statements in an annual financial report prepared using the single electronic reporting format
specified in the TD ESEF Regulation. This auditor’s report provides no assurance over whether the annual financial report has been prepared in
accordance with that format.
10. The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities




                                                                                                                                                      Financial statements
This report is made solely to the Company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit
work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report
and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company
and the Company’s members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.




                                                                                                                                                      European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Stuart Crisp (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor


Public Interest Entity Auditor recognised in accordance with the Hong Kong Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
Chartered Accountants
15 Canada Square
London, E14 5GL
15 March 2023




                                                                                                                                                      Additional information




                                                                                                        Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   375
      European
      Embedded
      Value (EEV)
      basis results
      378 Index to EEV basis results




376           Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   prudentialplc.com
Group overview   Strategic report   Governance   Directors’ remuneration report   Financial statements   European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results   Additional information
                                                                                                                                                                                377
                                                                                                                                                                                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022
Index to European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                                            Page

EEV results highlights                                                                                                                                      379
Basis of preparation                                                                                                                                        380
Movement in Group EEV shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                  382
Movement in Group free surplus                                                                                                                              384



Notes on the EEV basis results
1      Analysis of new business profit and EEV for long-term business operations                                                                            386
2      Analysis of movement in net worth and value of in-force business for long-term business operations                                                   387
3      Sensitivity of results for long-term business operations                                                                                             388
4      Expected transfer of value of in-force business and required capital to free surplus for long-term business operations on a discounted basis         390
5      EEV results for other (central) operations                                                                                                           390
6      Net core structural borrowings of shareholder-financed businesses                                                                                    391
7      Comparison of EEV basis shareholders’ equity with IFRS basis shareholders’ equity                                                                    392
8      Methodology and accounting presentation                                                                                                              392
9      Assumptions                                                                                                                                          395
10     Insurance new business                                                                                                                               397
11     Post balance sheet events                                                                                                                            397


Statement of Directors’ responsibilities                                                                                                                    398
Independent auditor’s report to Prudential plc                                                                                                              399




Description of EEV basis reporting
The EEV basis results have been prepared in accordance with the EEV Principles issued by the European Insurance CFO Forum in 2016. All results
are stated net of tax and converted using actual exchange rates (AER) unless otherwise stated. AER are actual historical exchange rates for the
relevant accounting period. Constant exchange rate (CER) results are calculated by translating prior period results using current period foreign
currency exchange rates, ie current period average rates for the income statement and current period closing rates for the balance sheet. Where
appropriate, the EEV basis results include the effects of adoption of IFRS Standards.
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the supplementary information in accordance with the EEV Principles. In preparing the EEV
basis supplementary information, the Directors have satisfied themselves that the Group remains a going concern. Further information is provided
in note A1 of the IFRS financial results.

378                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                            prudentialplc.com
European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results

                                                                                                                                                                                                        Group overview




 EEV results highlights


                                                                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
                                                                                                            2022                                         2021

                                                                                                                                     AER                                       CER

                                                                                                              $m                  $m              % change                  $m            % change
                                                                                                                               note (i)                                  note (i)

New business profit note (ii)                                                                            2,184                 2,526                (14)%               2,443                (11)%
Annual premium equivalent (APE) note (ii)                                                                4,393                 4,194                   5%               4,013                   9%
New business margin (APE) (%)                                                                             50%                   60%                (10)pp                61%                (11)pp
Present value of new business premiums (PVNBP)                                                          22,406                24,153                 (7)%              23,281                 (4)%


                                                                                                                                                                                                        Governance
Operating free surplus generated notes (ii)(iii)                                                          2,193                 2,071                  6%                2,004                     9%

EEV operating profit notes (ii)(iv)                                                                       3,952                 3,543                 12%                3,429                 15%
EEV operating profit, net of non-controlling interests                                                    3,923                 3,515                 12%                3,401                 15%
Operating return on average EEV shareholders’ equity, net of non-
  controlling interests (%)                                                                                  9%                    8%

Closing EEV shareholders’ equity, net of non-controlling interests                                      42,184                47,355                (11)%              46,256                 (9)%




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ remuneration report
Closing EEV shareholders’ equity, net of non-controlling interests
   per share (in cents)                                                                                 1,534¢                1,725¢                (11)%              1,684¢                 (9)%

Notes
(i)   The 2021 results above are for the Group’s continuing operations only, excluding results from the discontinued US operations which were demerged in September 2021.
(ii)  Results are presented before deducting the amounts attributable to non-controlling interests. This presentation is applied consistently throughout this document, unless stated otherwise.
(iii) Operating free surplus generated is for long-term and asset management businesses only, before restructuring and IFRS 17 implementation costs, centrally incurred costs and eliminations.
(iv) Group EEV operating profit is stated after restructuring and IFRS 17 implementation costs, centrally incurred costs and eliminations.


The EEV basis supplementary information on pages 379 to 401 was approved by the Board of Directors on 15 March 2023 and signed on its
behalf by:




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
Shriti Vadera                                                      Anil Wadhwani
Chair				                                                          Chief Executive Officer




                                                                                                                                                                                                        European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Additional information




                                                                                                                                          Prudential plc Annual Report 2022           379
European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results / continued




Basis of preparation
IFRS profit for long-term business broadly reflects the aggregate of results on a traditional accounting basis. By contrast, EEV is a way of
measuring the value of the in-force life insurance business. The value of future new business is excluded from the embedded value. The EEV
Principles provide consistent definitions of the components of EEV, a framework for setting assumptions and an approach to the underlying
methodology and disclosures. The EEV Principles were designed to provide guidance and common principles that could be understood by both
users and preparers alongside prescribing a minimum level of disclosures to enable users to understand an entity’s methodology, assumptions and
key judgements as well as the sensitivity of an entity’s EEV to key assumptions. Results prepared under the EEV Principles represent the present
value of the shareholders’ interest in the post-tax future profits (generally on a local statutory basis) expected to arise from the current book of
long-term business, after sufficient allowance has been made for the aggregate risks in the business. The shareholders’ interest in the Group’s
long-term business is the sum of the shareholders’ total net worth and the value of in-force business.
   For the purposes of preparing EEV results, insurance joint ventures and associates are included at the Group’s proportionate share of their
embedded value and not at their market value. Asset management and other non-insurance subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are
included in the EEV results at the Group’s proportionate share of IFRS shareholders’ equity, with central Group debt shown on a market value basis.
Post the demerger of the Group’s US operations (Jackson) in September 2021, the Group’s retained interest in Jackson has been included at its fair
value within other (central) operations. This is equivalent to its value within the Group’s IFRS financial results. Further information is contained in
note 5.
   Key features of the Group’s EEV methodology include:
> Economic assumptions: The projected post-tax profits assume a level of future investment return and are discounted using a risk discount rate.
  Both the risk discount rate and the investment return assumptions are updated at each valuation date to reflect current market risk-free rates,
  such that changes in market risk-free rates impact all projected future cash flows. Risk-free rates, and hence investment return assumptions, are
  based on observable market data, with current market risk-free rates assumed to remain constant throughout the projection, with no trending
  or mean reversion to longer-term assumptions. Different products will be sensitive to different assumptions, for example, participating products
  or products with guarantees are likely to benefit disproportionately from higher assumed investment returns.
> Time value of financial options and guarantees: Explicit quantified allowances are made for the time value of financial options and guarantees
  (TVOG). The TVOG is determined by weighting the probability of outcomes across a large number of different economic scenarios and is
  typically less applicable to health and protection business that generally contains more limited financial options or guarantees. At 31 December
  2022, the TVOG is $(151) million (31 December 2021: $(784) million). The magnitude of the TVOG at 31 December 2022 would be
  approximately equivalent to a circa 3 basis point (31 December 2021:10 basis point) increase in the weighted average risk discount rate.
> Allowance for risk in the risk discount rates: Risk discount rates are set equal to the risk-free rate at the valuation date plus product-specific
  allowances for market and non-market risks. Risks that are explicitly captured elsewhere, such as via the TVOG, are not included in the risk
  discount rates.
The allowance for market risk is based on a product-by-product assessment of the sensitivity of shareholder cash flows to varying market returns.
This approach reflects the inherent market risk in each product group and results in lower risk discount rates for products where the majority of
shareholder profit is uncorrelated to market risk and appropriately higher risk discount rates for products where there is greater market exposure
for shareholders.
   For example, for health and protection products, which represent 51 per cent of the value of in-force business and 43 per cent of new business
profit, the major sources of shareholder profits are underwriting profits or fixed shareholder charges which have low market risk sensitivity. There is
a lower proportion of health and protection than in prior periods largely as a result of higher interest rates, which is adverse on health and
protection type products and positive impact on savings type products. New business profit is also impacted by the mix of business sold in the
period.
   The construct of UK-style with-profits or similar participating funds in some business units (representing 26 per cent of the value of in-force and
18 per cent of new business profit) reduce the market volatility of both policyholder and shareholder cash flows due to smoothed bonus
declarations and for some markets the presence of an estate. Accordingly, 77 per cent of the value of in-force is products with low market risk
sensitivity and this is reflected in the overall risk discount rate.
   For unit-linked products where fund management charges fluctuate with the investment return, a portion of the profits will typically be more
sensitive to market risk due to the higher proportion of equity-type assets in the investment portfolio resulting in a higher risk discount rate. This
business represents 17 per cent of the value of in-force and 11 per cent of the value of new business profit which limits the impact on the overall risk
discount rate. The remaining parts of the business (6 per cent of the value of in-force business and 28 per cent of the value of new business) relate
to non-participating products not covered by the above.
   The allowance for non-market risk comprises a base Group-wide allowance of 50 basis points plus additional allowances for emerging market
risk where appropriate. At 31 December 2022, the total allowance for non-market risk is equivalent to a $(2.8) billion (31 December 2021:
$(3.7) billion) reduction, or around (7) per cent (31 December 2021: (8) per cent) of the embedded value.




380               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                     prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                        Group overview




Hong Kong Risk-Based Capital regime
In April 2022, Prudential Hong Kong Limited (PHKL), the Group’s 100 per cent owned life insurance subsidiary in Hong Kong received approval



                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
from the Hong Kong Insurance Authority (IA) to early adopt the Hong Kong Risk-Based Capital (HK RBC) regime with effect from 1 January 2022.
This impacts PHKL’s (and consequentially the Group’s) capital position as described in note I(i) within Additional unaudited financial information.
Under the Group’s EEV methodology, local regulatory and target capital requirements are the basis of estimating future shareholder cash flows
and therefore the changes to the HK RBC framework will impact the Group’s EEV, with effect from 1 January 2022, as discussed below.
Comparatives have not been restated.

Adjustment to shareholders’ equity at 1 January 2022

                                                                                                                                Value of



                                                                                                                                                        Governance
                                                                                    Free      Required            Net            in-force   Embedded
Long-term insurance business                                                     surplus        capital          worth          business        value

As reported at 31 Dec 2021                                                       5,960          3,230           9,190           35,456        44,646
Opening adjustment at 1 Jan 2022:
HK RBC impact                                                                    1,360          2,853           4,213            (3,984)         229
Long-term insurance business as at 1 Jan 2022                                    7,320          6,083          13,403           31,472        44,875


The HK RBC framework requires liabilities to be valued on a best estimate basis and capital requirements to be risk based. As a result of applying
this framework, the EEV net worth increased by $4,213 million, reflecting the release of prudent regulatory margins previously included in




                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ remuneration report
liabilities, and a reduction in VIF. EEV free surplus excludes regulatory surplus that arises where HK RBC technical provisions are lower than
policyholder asset shares or cash surrender values to more realistically reflect how the business is managed. The introduction of this flooring for
PHKL reduces the increase to its free surplus that would have otherwise arisen. The impact therefore differs from the effect on Group GWS surplus
as explained in note I(i) of the Additional unaudited financial information.




                                                                                                                                                        Financial statements




                                                                                                                                                        European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                                        Additional information




                                                                                                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022      381
European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results / continued




Movement in Group EEV shareholders’ equity
                                                                                                       2022 $m                      2021 $m

                                                                                         Insurance
                                                                                         and asset
                                                                                      management     Other (central)    Group             Group
                                                                               Note     operations      operations       total             total

Continuing operations:
New business profit                                                              1          2,184                 –     2,184             2,526
Profit from in-force business                                                    2          2,358                 –     2,358             1,630
Long-term business                                                                          4,542                 –     4,542             4,156
Asset management                                                                              234                 –       234               284
Operating profit from long-term and asset management businesses                             4,776                –      4,776             4,440
Other income (expenditure)                                                       5              –             (542)      (542)             (723)
Operating profit (loss) before restructuring and IFRS 17
  implementation costs                                                                      4,776             (542)     4,234             3,717
Restructuring and IFRS 17 implementation costs                                               (125)            (157)      (282)             (174)
Operating profit (loss) for the year                                                        4,651             (699)     3,952             3,543
Short-term fluctuations in investment returns                                    2         (6,893)              19     (6,874)           (1,040)
Effect of changes in economic assumptions                                        2         (1,571)               –     (1,571)              412
(Loss) profit attaching to corporate transactions                                              (5)              62         57               (35)
Mark-to-market value movements on core structural borrowings                     6              –              865        865               357
Non-operating results                                                                      (8,469)             946     (7,523)             (306)
(Loss) profit from continuing operations                                                   (3,818)             247     (3,571)            3,237
Loss from discontinued US operations note (i)                                                   –                –          –           (10,852)
(Loss) profit for the year                                                                 (3,818)             247     (3,571)           (7,615)
Non-controlling interests share of profit from continuing operations                          (29)               –        (29)              (40)
Non-controlling interests share of loss from discontinued US operations                         –                –          –             1,205
(Loss) profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the Company                   (3,847)             247     (3,600)           (6,450)
Equity items from continuing operations:
Foreign exchange movements on operations                                                   (1,195)               –     (1,195)             (460)
Intra-group dividends and investment in operations note (ii)                               (1,211)           1,211          –                 –
Demerger dividend in specie from Jackson                                                                         –          –            (1,735)
Other external dividends                                                                       –              (474)      (474)             (421)
New share capital subscribed note (iii)                                                        –                (4)        (4)            2,382
Other movements note (iv)                                                                    172              (299)      (127)              238
Equity items from discontinued US operations net of non-controlling interest                   –                 –          –              (206)
Net (decrease) increase in shareholders’ equity                                           (6,081)              681     (5,400)          (6,652)
Shareholders’ equity at beginning of year (as previously disclosed)                       46,114             1,241     47,355           54,007
Effect of HK RBC                                                                             229                 –        229                –
Shareholders’ equity at beginning of year after adoption of HK RBC                        46,343             1,241     47,584           54,007
Shareholders’ equity at end of year                                                       40,262             1,922     42,184           47,355

Contribution to Group EEV:
At end of year:
Long-term business                                                               2        38,857                 –     38,857           44,646
Asset management and other                                                       5           643             1,922      2,565            1,931
Shareholders’ equity, excluding goodwill attributable to equity holders                   39,500             1,922     41,422           46,577
Goodwill attributable to equity holders                                                      762                 –        762              778
Shareholders’ equity at end of year                                                       40,262             1,922     42,184           47,355

At beginning of year:
Long-term business                                                               2        44,646                 –     44,646           42,861
Asset management and other                                                       5           690             1,241      1,931           (1,756)
Shareholders’ equity, excluding goodwill attributable to equity holders                   45,336             1,241     46,577           41,105
Goodwill attributable to equity holders                                                      778                 –        778              821
Total continuing operations (as previously disclosed)                                     46,114             1,241     47,355           41,926
Discontinued US operations                                                                     –                 –          –           12,081
Shareholders’ equity at beginning of year (as previously disclosed)                       46,114             1,241     47,355           54,007


382                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                            prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                Group overview




                                                                                                                                          2022                                          2021

                                                                                                                       Insurance




                                                                                                                                                                                                Strategic report
                                                                                                                       and asset               Other
                                                                                                                    management              (central)              Group               Group
EEV shareholders’ equity per share (in cents) note (v)                                                                operations          operations                total               total

At end of year:
Based on shareholders’ equity, net of goodwill attributable to equity holders                                            1,437¢                  70¢            1,507¢               1,696¢

Based on shareholders’ equity at end of year                                                                             1,464¢                  70¢            1,534¢               1,725¢

At beginning of year:


                                                                                                                                                                                                Governance
Based on shareholders’ equity, net of goodwill attributable to equity holders                                            1,651¢                  45¢            1,696¢               1,576¢

Based on shareholders’ equity at beginning of year
  From continuing operations                                                                                             1,680¢                  45¢            1,725¢               1,607¢
  From discontinued US operations                                                                                             –                    –                 –                 463¢



                                                                                                                                          2022                                          2021

                                                                                                                      Before non-          After non-              Basic               Basic




                                                                                                                                                                                                Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                                                                       controlling        controlling          earnings            earnings
                                                                                                                         interests          interests          per share           per share
EEV basis basic earnings per share in cents note (vi)                                                                          $m                 $m                cents               cents

Based on operating profit from continuing operations                                                                       3,952              3,923             143.4¢               133.8¢
Based on (loss) profit for the year:
  From continuing operations                                                                                              (3,571)            (3,600)          (131.6)¢               121.7¢
  From discontinued US operations                                                                                              –                  –                  –             (367.1)¢

Notes
(i)   Discontinued operations represent the Group’s US business (Jackson) which was demerged in September 2021.
(ii)  Intra-group dividends represent dividends that have been declared in the year. Investment in operations reflects movements in share capital.
(iii) New share capital subscribed in 2021 primarily represented the issuance of new ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in October 2021.
(iv) Other movements include reserve movements in respect of valuation movements on the retained interest in Jackson, share-based payments, treasury shares and intra-group transfers between




                                                                                                                                                                                                Financial statements
      operations that have no overall effect on the Group’s shareholders’ equity.
(v)   Based on the number of issued shares at 31 December 2022 of 2,750 million shares (31 December 2021: 2,746 million shares).
(vi) Based on weighted average number of issued shares of 2,736 million shares in 2022 (2021: 2,628 million shares).




                                                                                                                                                                                                European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                                                                                Additional information




                                                                                                                                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022            383
European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results / continued




Movement in Group free surplus
Operating free surplus generation is the financial metric we use to measure the internal cash generation of our business operations and for our life
operations is generally based on (with adjustments as discussed below) the capital regimes that apply locally in the various jurisdictions in which
the Group operates. It represents amounts emerging from the in-force business during the year, net of amounts reinvested in writing new
business. For asset management businesses, it equates to post-tax adjusted operating profit for the year.
   For long-term business, free surplus is generally based on (with adjustments including recognition of certain intangibles and other assets that
may be inadmissible on a regulatory basis) the excess of the regulatory basis net assets (EEV total net worth) over the EEV capital required to
support the covered business. For shareholder-backed businesses, the level of EEV required capital has been based on the Group Prescribed Capital
Requirements (GPCR) used in our GWS reporting as set out in note 8.1(e).
   Adjustments are also made to enable free surplus to be a better measure of shareholders’ resources available for distribution as described in the
reconciliation to GWS surplus as disclosed in note I(i) of the Additional unaudited financial information. For asset management and other
non-insurance operations (including the Group’s central operations), free surplus is taken to be IFRS basis shareholders’ equity, net of goodwill
attributable to shareholders, with central Group debt recorded as free surplus to the extent that it is classified as capital resources under the
Group’s capital regime. Following the application of the GWS Framework, both subordinated and senior debt (excluding the amount issued in
2022) are treated as capital for the purposes of free surplus at 31 December 2022.
   A reconciliation of EEV free surplus to the GWS shareholder capital surplus over GPCR is set out in note I(i) of the Additional unaudited financial
information.

                                                                                                          2022 $m                              2021 $m

                                                                                             Insurance
                                                                                             and asset           Other
                                                                                          management          (central)        Group             Group
                                                                                   Note     operations      operations          total             total

Continuing operations:
Expected transfer from in-force business                                                        2,406                –        2,406              2,340
Expected return on existing free surplus                                                          347                –          347                157
Changes in operating assumptions and experience variances                                        (227)               –         (227)              (173)
Operating free surplus generated from in-force long-term business                     2         2,526                –        2,526              2,324
Investment in new business note (ii)                                                  2          (567)               –         (567)              (537)
Long-term business                                                                              1,959                –        1,959              1,787
Asset management                                                                                  234                –          234                284
Operating free surplus generated from long-term and asset management businesses                 2,193               –         2,193              2,071
Other income (expenditure)                                                                          –            (542)         (542)              (723)
Restructuring and IFRS 17 implementation costs                                                   (120)           (157)         (277)              (169)
Operating free surplus generated                                                                2,073            (699)         1,374             1,179
Non-operating free surplus generated note (iii)                                                (2,040)            116         (1,924)               82
Free surplus generated from continuing operations                                                  33            (583)          (550)            1,261
Free surplus generated from discontinued US operations note (i)                                     –               –              –               770
Free surplus generated for the year                                                                33            (583)          (550)            2,031
Equity items from continuing operations:
Net cash flows paid to parent company note (iv)                                                (1,304)          1,304              –                 –
Demerger dividend in specie from Jackson                                                            –               –              –            (1,735)
Other external dividends                                                                            –            (474)          (474)             (421)
Foreign exchange movements on operations                                                         (316)              –           (316)               10
New share capital subscribed note (v)                                                               –              (4)            (4)            2,382
Other movements and timing differences                                                            265            (392)          (127)              238
Treatment of ‘grandfathered’ debt instruments under the GWS Framework                               –               –              –             1,995
Equity items from discontinued US operations                                                        –               –              –              (206)
Net movement in free surplus before non-controlling interest and before net
  subordinated debt redemption                                                                 (1,322)           (149)        (1,471)            4,294
Net subordinated debt redemption                                                                    –          (1,699)        (1,699)             (232)
Net movement in free surplus before non-controlling interest                                   (1,322)         (1,848)       (3,170)            4,062
Change in amounts attributable to non-controlling interests                                       (10)              –           (10)             (106)
Balance at beginning of year (as previously reported)                                           6,650           7,399        14,049            10,093
Effect of HK RBC                                                                                1,360               –         1,360                 –
Balance at beginning of year after adoption of HK RBC                                           8,010           7,399        15,409            10,093
Balance at end of year                                                                          6,678           5,551        12,229            14,049
Representing:
Free surplus excluding distribution rights and other intangibles                                5,727           2,663         8,390            10,083
Distribution rights and other intangibles                                                         951           2,888         3,839             3,966
Balance at end of year                                                                          6,678           5,551        12,229            14,049


384                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                  prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Group overview




                                                                                                                                                2022 $m                                        2021 $m

                                                                                                                              Insurance




                                                                                                                                                                                                              Strategic report
                                                                                                                              and asset                Other
                                                                                                                           management               (central)               Group                 Group
Contribution to Group free surplus:                                                                              Note        operations           operations                 total                 total

At end of year:
Long-term business                                                                                                  2             6,035                    –                6,035                 5,960
Asset management and other                                                                                          5               643                5,551                6,194                 8,089
Free surplus at end of year                                                                                                       6,678                5,551              12,229                14,049

At beginning of year:

                                                                                                                                                                                                              Governance
Long-term business                                                                                                  2             5,960                    –                5,960                 5,348
Asset management and other                                                                                          5               690                7,399                8,089                 2,996
Total continuing operations at beginning of year                                                                                  6,650                7,399              14,049                  8,344
Discontinued US operations                                                                                                               –                   –                    –               1,749
Free surplus at beginning of year                                                                                                 6,650                7,399              14,049                10,093

Notes
(i)   Discontinued operations represent the Group’s US business (Jackson) which was demerged in September 2021.




                                                                                                                                                                                                              Directors’ remuneration report
(ii)  Free surplus invested in new business primarily represents acquisition costs and amounts set aside for required capital.
(iii) Non-operating free surplus generated for other operations represents the post-tax IFRS basis short-term fluctuations in investment returns, gain or loss on corporate transactions for other entities
      and the movement in the mark-to-market value adjustment on core structural borrowings which did not meet the qualifying conditions as set out in the Insurance (Group Capital) Rules.
(iv) Net cash flows to parent company reflect the cash remittances as included in the holding company cash flow at transaction rates. The difference to the intra-group dividends and investment in
      operations in the movement in EEV shareholders’ equity primarily relates to intra-group loans, foreign exchange and other non-cash items.
(v)   New share capital subscribed in 2021 primarily represented the issuance of new ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in October 2021.




                                                                                                                                                                                                              Financial statements




                                                                                                                                                                                                              European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                                                                                              Additional information




                                                                                                                                          Prudential plc Annual Report 2022               385
Notes on the EEV basis results




 1 Analysis of new business profit and EEV for long-term business operations
                                                                                                                          2022
                                                                                                                     Present                                  Closing EEV
                                                                                            New       Annual    value of new            New        New      shareholders’
                                                                                        business    premium         business        business   business            equity,
                                                                                          profit   equivalent     premiums           margin      margin         excluding
                                                                                          (NBP)         (APE)       (PVNBP)           (APE)    (PVNBP)           goodwill
                                                                                             $m           $m              $m              %          %                 $m

CPL (Prudential’s share)                                                                   387          884          3,521             44%        11%             3,259
Hong Kong                                                                                  384          522          3,295             74%        12%            16,576
Indonesia                                                                                  125          247          1,040             51%        12%             1,833
Malaysia                                                                                   159          359          1,879             44%         8%             3,695
Singapore                                                                                  499          770          6,091             65%         8%             6,806
Growth markets and other                                                                   630        1,611          6,580             39%        10%             6,688
Total long-term operations                                                               2,184        4,393        22,406              50%        10%            38,857


                                                                                                                       2021 (AER)
                                                                                                                     Present                                  Closing EEV
                                                                                            New       Annual    value of new            New        New      shareholders’
                                                                                        business    premium         business        business   business            equity,
                                                                                          profit   equivalent     premiums           margin      margin         excluding
                                                                                          (NBP)         (APE)       (PVNBP)           (APE)    (PVNBP)           goodwill
                                                                                             $m           $m              $m              %          %                 $m

CPL (Prudential’s share)                                                                   352          776          3,761            45%          9%             3,114
Hong Kong                                                                                  736          550          4,847           134%         15%            21,460
Indonesia                                                                                  125          252          1,067            50%         12%             2,237
Malaysia                                                                                   232          461          2,137            50%         11%             3,841
Singapore                                                                                  523          743          6,214            70%          8%             7,732
Growth markets and other                                                                   558        1,412          6,127            40%          9%             6,262
Total long-term operations                                                               2,526        4,194         24,153             60%        10%            44,646


                                                                                                                       2021 (CER)
                                                                                                                     Present                                  Closing EEV
                                                                                            New       Annual    value of new            New        New      shareholders’
                                                                                        business    premium         business        business   business            equity,
                                                                                          profit   equivalent     premiums           margin      margin         excluding
                                                                                          (NBP)         (APE)       (PVNBP)           (APE)    (PVNBP)           goodwill
                                                                                             $m           $m              $m              %          %                 $m

CPL (Prudential’s share)                                                                   337          743          3,602            45%          9%             2,855
Hong Kong                                                                                  731          546          4,812           134%         15%            21,436
Indonesia                                                                                  120          243          1,027            49%         12%             2,048
Malaysia                                                                                   219          434          2,013            50%         11%             3,633
Singapore                                                                                  510          724          6,056            70%          8%             7,772
Growth markets and other                                                                   526        1,323          5,771            40%          9%             5,852
Total long-term operations                                                               2,443        4,013         23,281             61%        10%            43,596

Note
The movement in new business profit from long-term operations is analysed as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                      $m

2021 new business profit                                                                                                                                           2,526
Foreign exchange movement                                                                                                                                            (83)
Sales volume                                                                                                                                                         231
Effect of changes in interest rates and other economic assumptions                                                                                                  (173)
Business mix, product mix and other items                                                                                                                           (317)
2022 new business profit                                                                                                                                           2,184


EEV new business profit reflects the value of expected future profits from the new business sold in the year, and is a measure used by Prudential to
assess profitability of the new business written. Explanations of changes in new business profitability is contained in the Group Strategic and
Operating Review. Information on the Group’s operating experience variances on the in-force business is shown in note 2.




386                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                 prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Group overview




 2 Analysis of movement in net worth and value of in-force business for long-term
 business operations
                                                                                                                             2022 $m                                                             2021 $m     Strategic report
                                                                                                                                                      Value of
                                                                                            Free            Required                                   in-force         Embedded               Embedded
                                                                                         surplus              capital           Net worth             business              value                  value

Balance at beginning of year after adoption of HK RBC
Balance at beginning of year (as previously reported)                                     5,960                3,230               9,190              35,456               44,646                 42,861
Effect of HK RBC                                                                          1,360                2,853               4,213              (3,984)                 229                      –


                                                                                                                                                                                                             Governance
Balance at beginning of year after adoption of HK RBC                                     7,320                6,083              13,403              31,472               44,875                 42,861
New business contribution                                                                  (567)                 334                (233)              2,417                2,184                  2,526
Existing business – transfer to net worth                                                 2,406                 (198)              2,208              (2,208)                   –                      –
Expected return on existing business note 2(b)                                              347                  289                 636               1,923                2,559                  1,761
Changes in operating assumptions, experience variances
   and other items note 2(c)                                                               (227)                (266)                (493)                 292                 (201)                 (131)
Operating profit before restructuring and IFRS 17
  implementation costs                                                                    1,959                  159               2,118                2,424                4,542                  4,156
Restructuring and IFRS 17 implementation costs                                             (111)                   –                (111)                  (5)                (116)                   (82)




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Directors’ remuneration report
Operating profit                                                                          1,848                  159               2,007                2,419                4,426                  4,074
Non-operating result note 2(d)                                                           (2,040)                (548)             (2,588)              (5,881)              (8,469)                  (603)
(Loss) profit for the year                                                                 (192)                (389)                (581)             (3,462)              (4,043)                 3,471
Non-controlling interests share of (profit) loss                                             (3)                   –                   (3)                (19)                 (22)                   (30)
(Loss) profit for the year attributable to equity holders
   of the Company                                                                          (195)                (389)               (584)              (3,481)              (4,065)                 3,441
Foreign exchange movements                                                                 (283)                 (94)               (377)                (769)              (1,146)                  (457)
Intra-group dividends and investment in operations                                         (999)                 (44)             (1,043)                  44                 (999)                (1,115)
Other movements note 2(e)                                                                   192                    –                 192                    –                  192                    (84)
Balance at end of year note 2(a)                                                          6,035                5,556              11,591              27,266               38,857                 44,646




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Financial statements
Notes
(a) Total embedded value
      The total embedded value for long-term business operations at the end of each year, excluding goodwill attributable to equity holders, can be analysed as follows:
                                                                                                                                                               31 Dec 2022 $m 31 Dec 2021 $m

      Value of in-force business before deduction of cost of capital and time value of options and guarantees                                                               28,126                36,965
      Cost of capital                                                                                                                                                         (709)                 (725)
      Time value of options and guarantees note                                                                                                                               (151)                 (784)
      Net value of in-force business                                                                                                                                        27,266                35,456




                                                                                                                                                                                                             European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
      Free surplus                                                                                                                                                            6,035                5,960
      Required capital                                                                                                                                                        5,556                3,230
      Net worth                                                                                                                                                             11,591                 9,190
      Embedded value                                                                                                                                                        38,857                44,646

      Note
      The time value of options and guarantees (TVOG) arises from the variability of economic outcomes in the future and is, where appropriate, calculated as the difference between an average
      outcome across a range of economic scenarios, calibrated around a central scenario, and the outcome from the central economic scenario, as described in note 8.1(d). At 31 December 2022,
      the TVOG is $(151) million, with the substantial majority arising in Hong Kong. The TVOG has decreased since 31 December 2021 reflecting the generally higher government bond yields at
      31 December 2022 which mean guarantees are less likely to be in-the-money. The TVOG reflects the variability of guaranteed benefit payouts across the range of economic scenarios around
      interest rates at the valuation date and represents some of the market risk for the key products in Hong Kong. As this market risk is explicitly allowed for via the TVOG, no further adjustment is
      made for this within the EEV risk discount rate, as described in note 8.1(h).

(b)   Expected return on existing business
      The expected return on existing business reflects the effect of changes in economic and operating assumptions in the current year, as described in note 8.2(c). The movement in this amount
      compared to the prior year from long-term operations is analysed as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                                       $m

      2021 expected return on existing business                                                                                                                                                    1,761




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Additional information
      Foreign exchange movement                                                                                                                                                                       (56)
      Effect of changes in interest rates and other economic assumptions                                                                                                                              715
      Growth in opening value of in-force business and other items                                                                                                                                    139
      2022 expected return on existing business                                                                                                                                                    2,559




                                                                                                                                           Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                387
Notes on the EEV basis results / continued




 2 Analysis of movement in net worth and value of in-force business for long-term
 business operations continued
(c)   Changes in operating assumption, experience variances and other items
      Overall, the total impact of operating assumption changes, experience variances and other items in 2022 was $(201) million (2021: $(131) million), comprising changes in operating
      assumptions of $32 million in 2022 (2021: $118 million) and experience variances and other items of $(233) million (2021: $(249) million).

(d)   Non-operating results
      The EEV non-operating result from long-term operations can be summarised as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                          2022 $m              2021 $m

      Short-term fluctuations in investment returns             note (i)                                                                                                    (6,893)              (1,015)
      Effect of change in economic assumptions note (ii)                                                                                                                    (1,571)                 412
      Loss attaching to corporate transactions                                                                                                                                  (5)                   –
      Non-operating results                                                                                                                                                 (8,469)                (603)

      Notes
      (i)   The charge of $(6,893) million for short-term fluctuations in investment returns mainly reflects lower than expected bond returns, following the rise in interest rates in many markets in the
            year, widening credit spreads and falling equity markets.
      (ii)  The charge of $(1,571) million for effect of change in economic assumptions primarily arises from increases in interest rates, resulting in higher risk discount rates, partially offset by the
            effect of higher assumed fund earned rates that impact projected future cash flows. The effects and impacts vary between businesses and products with the overall negative impact due to
            larger weight of health and protection business outweighing positive impacts for other products.

(e)   Other reserve movements
      Other movements include reserve movements in respect of share-based payments, treasury shares, intra-group loans and other intra-group transfers between operations that have no overall
      effect on the Group’s shareholders’ equity.



 3 Sensitivity of results for long-term business operations
(a) Sensitivity analysis – economic assumptions
The tables below show the sensitivity of the new business profit and the embedded value for long-term business operations to:
> 1 per cent and 2 per cent increases in interest rates and 0.5 per cent decrease in interest rates. This allows for consequential changes in the
  assumed investment returns for all asset classes, market values of fixed interest assets, local statutory reserves, capital requirements and risk
  discount rates (but excludes changes in the allowance for market risk);
> 1 per cent rise in equity and property yields;
> 1 per cent and 2 per cent increases in the risk discount rates. The main driver for changes in the risk discount rates from period to period is
  changes in interest rates, the impact of which is expected to be partially offset by a corresponding change in assumed investment returns, the
  effect of which is not included in the risk discount rate sensitivities. The impact of higher investment returns can be approximated as the
  difference between the sensitivity to increases in interest rates and the sensitivity to increases in risk discount rates;
> For embedded value only, 20 per cent fall in the market value of equity and property assets; and
> For embedded value only, holding the Group Minimum Capital Requirements (GMCR) under the GWS Framework in contrast to EEV required
  capital based on the GPCR. This reduces the level of capital and therefore the level of charge deducted from the embedded value for the cost of
  locked-in required capital. This has the effect of increasing EEV.
The sensitivities shown below are for the impact of instantaneous and permanent changes (with no trending or mean reversion) on the
embedded value of long-term business operations and include the combined effect on the value of in-force business and net assets (including
derivatives) held at the valuation dates indicated. The results only allow for limited management actions, such as changes to future policyholder
bonuses, where applicable. If such economic conditions persisted, the financial impacts may differ to the instantaneous impacts shown below. In
this case, management could also take additional actions to help mitigate the impact of these stresses. No change in the mix of the asset
portfolio held at the valuation date is assumed when calculating sensitivities, while changes in the market value of those assets are recognised.
The sensitivity impacts are expected to be non-linear. To aid understanding of this non-linearity, impacts of both a 1 per cent and 2 per cent
increase to interest rates and risk discount rates are shown.
   If the changes in assumptions shown in the sensitivities were to occur, the effects shown below would be recorded within two components of
the profit analysis for the following period, namely the effect of changes in economic assumptions and short-term fluctuations in investment
returns. In addition to the sensitivity effects shown below, the other components of the profit for the following period would be calculated by
reference to the altered assumptions, for example, new business profit and expected return on existing business.




388                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                             prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                          Group overview




New business profit from long-term business




                                                                                                                                                          Strategic report
                                                                                                                                 2022 $m       2021 $m

New business profit                                                                                                                2,184         2,526
Sensitivity to alternative economic assumptions:
Interest rates and consequential effects – 2% increase                                                                                220           88
Interest rates and consequential effects – 1% increase                                                                                134           70
Interest rates and consequential effects – 0.5% decrease                                                                              (97)         (64)
Equity/property yields – 1% rise                                                                                                      160          155
Risk discount rates – 2% increase                                                                                                    (551)        (653)
Risk discount rates – 1% increase                                                                                                    (309)        (380)


Embedded value of long-term business                                                                                                                      Governance

                                                                                                                          31 Dec 2022 $m 31 Dec 2021 $m

Embedded value                                                                                                                    38,857        44,646
Sensitivity to alternative economic assumptions:
Interest rates and consequential effects – 2% increase                                                                             (3,988)      (4,782)
Interest rates and consequential effects – 1% increase                                                                             (2,067)      (2,228)




                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ remuneration report
Interest rates and consequential effects – 0.5% decrease                                                                            1,058          223
Equity/property yields – 1% rise                                                                                                    1,884        1,909
Equity/property market values – 20% fall                                                                                           (1,840)      (1,959)
Risk discount rates – 2% increase                                                                                                  (7,371)      (9,717)
Risk discount rates – 1% increase                                                                                                  (4,155)      (5,443)
Group Minimum Capital Requirements                                                                                                    117          136


For a 1 per cent increase in assumed interest rates, the $(2,067) million negative effect comprises a $(4,155) million negative impact of increasing
the risk discount rate by 1 per cent, partially offset by a $2,088 million benefit from assuming 1 per cent higher investment returns. Similarly, for a
2 per cent increase in assumed interest rates the $(3,988) million negative effect comprises a $(7,371) million negative impact of increasing the
risk discount rates by 2 per cent, partially offset by a $3,383 million benefit from higher assumed investment returns. Finally, for a 0.5 per cent
decrease in assumed interest rates, there would be a $1,058 million positive effect reflecting the benefit of a 0.5 per cent reduction in risk discount



                                                                                                                                                          Financial statements
rates being partially offset by lower assumed investment returns. These offsetting impacts are sensitive to economics and the net impact can
therefore change from period to period depending on the current level of interest rates.
   In order to illustrate the impact of varying specific economic assumptions, all other assumptions are held constant in the sensitivities above and,
therefore, the actual changes in embedded value were these economic effects to materialise may differ from the sensitivities shown. For example,
market risk allowances within the risk discount rate may change if interest rates change and these are not allowed for in the above. If market risk
allowances were changed as expected when interest rates are increased by 1 per cent, the expected reduction in EEV would be $(2,038) million
(compared with the $(2,067) million impact shown above). Similarly, if interest rates actually decreased by 0.5 per cent, it would lead to a
$1,029 million increase (compared with the $1,058 million increase shown above).




                                                                                                                                                          European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
(b) Sensitivity analysis – non-economic assumptions
The tables below show the sensitivity of the new business profit and the embedded value for long-term business operations to:
> 10 per cent proportionate decrease in maintenance expenses (for example, a 10 per cent sensitivity on a base assumption of $10 per annum
  would represent an expense assumption of $9 per annum);
> 10 per cent proportionate decrease in lapse rates (for example, a 10 per cent sensitivity on a base assumption of 5.0 per cent would represent a
  lapse rate of 4.5 per cent per annum); and
> 5 per cent proportionate decrease in base mortality (ie increased longevity) and morbidity rates.
New business profit from long-term business

                                                                                                                                 2022 $m       2021 $m

New business profit                                                                                                                2,184         2,526
Maintenance expenses – 10% decrease                                                                                                   48            60
Lapse rates – 10% decrease                                                                                                           134           190
Mortality and morbidity – 5% decrease                                                                                                 99           143




                                                                                                                                                          Additional information




                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022     389
Notes on the EEV basis results / continued




    3 Sensitivity of results for long-term business operations continued
(b) Sensitivity analysis – non-economic assumptions continued
Embedded value of long-term business

                                                                                                                                                            31 Dec 2022 $m 31 Dec 2021 $m

Embedded value                                                                                                                                                       38,857              44,646
Maintenance expenses – 10% decrease                                                                                                                                      411                 455
Lapse rates – 10% decrease                                                                                                                                             1,533               1,901
Mortality and morbidity – 5% decrease                                                                                                                                  1,300               1,596



    4 Expected transfer of value of in-force business and required capital to free surplus
    for long-term business operations on a discounted basis
The table below shows how the value of in-force business (VIF) and the associated required capital for long-term business operations are
projected as emerging into free surplus over future years. Cash flows are projected on a deterministic basis and are discounted at the appropriate
risk discount rate. The modelled cash flows use the same methodology underpinning the Group’s EEV reporting and so are subject to the same
assumptions and sensitivities. The projected emergence of VIF and required capital into free surplus in 2022 will be the starting point for expected
free surplus generation next year, after updating for operating and economic assumption changes. See note I(vi) of the Additional unaudited
financial information for further detail.

                                                                                                Expected period of conversion of future post-tax distributable earnings
                                                                   Total                                 and required capital flows to free surplus at 31 Dec
                                                               expected
                                                              emergence             1-5 years          6-10 years         11-15 years        16-20 years         21-40 years           40+ years

2022 ($m)                                                        32,648                9,764               6,038               4,360               3,424               6,910               2,152
(%)                                                                100%                  30%                 19%                13%                 10%                 21%                   7%

2021 ($m)                                                         38,922               9,520               6,824               5,160               4,190               9,588               3,640
(%)                                                                100%                  24%                 18%                 13%                 11%                 25%                  9%


The required capital and value of in-force business for long-term business operations can be reconciled to the total discounted emergence of
future free surplus shown above as follows:

                                                                                                                                                            31 Dec 2022 $m 31 Dec 2021 $m

Required capital note 2                                                                                                                                               5,556               3,230
Value of in-force business (VIF) note 2                                                                                                                              27,266              35,456
Other items*                                                                                                                                                           (174)                236
Long-term business operations                                                                                                                                        32,648              38,922

*     Other items’ represent the impact of the TVOG and amounts incorporated into VIF where there is no definitive time frame for when the payments will be made or receipts received. These items
      are excluded from the expected free surplus generation profile above.



    5 EEV results for other (central) operation
EEV results for other income and expenditure represents the post-tax IFRS results for other (central) operations (before restructuring and IFRS 17
implementation costs), together with an adjustment to deduct the unwind of expected margins on the internal management of the assets of the
covered business, as shown in the table below. It mainly includes interest costs on core structural borrowings and corporate expenditure for head
office functions that are not recharged/allocated to the insurance operations.
   In line with the EEV Principles, the allowance for the future costs of internal asset management services within the EEV results for long-term
insurance operations excludes the projected future profits or losses generated by any non-insurance entities within the Group in providing those
services (ie the EEV for long-term insurance operations assumes that the cost of internal asset management services will be that incurred by the
Group as a whole, not the cost that will be borne by the insurance business). The results of the Group’s asset management operations include the
current period profit from the management of both internal and external funds, consistent with their presentation within the Group’s IFRS basis
reporting. An adjustment is accordingly made to Group EEV operating profit, within the EEV results for other operations, to deduct the expected
profit anticipated to arise in the current period in the opening value of in-force business from internal asset management services, such that Group
EEV operating profit includes the actual profit earned in respect of the management of these assets.




390                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                        prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Group overview




Any costs incurred within the head office functions that are deemed attributable to the long-term insurance (covered) business are recharged to
the insurance operations and recorded within the results for those operations. The assumed future expenses within the value of in-force business



                                                                                                                                                                                                   Strategic report
for long-term insurance operations allow for amounts expected to be recharged by the head office functions. Other costs that are not recharged
to the insurance operations are shown as part of other income and expenditure for the current period, and are not included within the projection
of future expenses for in-force insurance business.

                                                                                                                                                                  2022 $m             2021 $m

IFRS other income (expenditure) (as recorded in note B1.1 of the IFRS financial results)                                                                              (437)               (605)
Tax charge on the above IFRS results                                                                                                                                   (21)                (37)
Less: unwind of expected profit on internal management of the assets of long-term business                                                                             (84)                (81)
EEV other income (expenditure)                                                                                                                                        (542)               (723)

                                                                                                                                                                                                   Governance
The EEV shareholders’ equity for other operations is taken to be IFRS shareholders’ equity, with central Group debt shown on a market value basis.
Free surplus for other operations is taken to be IFRS shareholders’ equity, net of goodwill attributable to equity holders, with central Group debt
recorded as free surplus to the extent that it is classified as capital resources under the Group’s capital regime. Under the GWS Framework, debt
instruments issued at the date of designation which met the transitional conditions set by the Hong Kong IA are included as GWS eligible group
capital resources. In addition, debt issued since the date of designation which met the qualifying conditions as set out in the Insurance (Group
Capital) Rules are also included as GWS eligible group capital resources. The $350 million senior debt issued in 2022 did not meet the conditions
and hence has not been treated as available capital within free surplus.




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Directors’ remuneration report
   Shareholders’ equity for other (central) operations can be compared across metrics as shown in the table below.

                                                                                                                                                                  2022 $m             2021 $m

IFRS basis shareholders’ equity (as recorded in note C1 of the IFRS financial results)                                                                              1,495               1,679
Mark-to-market value adjustment on central borrowings note 6                                                                                                          427                (438)
EEV basis shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                                      1,922               1,241
Debt instruments treated as capital resources                                                                                                                       3,629               6,158
Free surplus of other (central) operations                                                                                                                          5,551               7,399

Jackson shareholding
The fair value of the Group’s retained interest in Jackson equity securities, as included in the Group’s EEV at 31 December 2022, was $266 million



                                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial statements
(31 December 2021: $683 million). Net unrealised changes in fair value since the date of demerger have been included in other movements in
equity items as part of the EEV basis results for other (central) operations. This treatment is consistent with the approach adopted for IFRS. Further
information can be found in note D1.2 of the IFRS financial results.


 6 Net core structural borrowings of shareholder-financed businesses
                                                                                                31 Dec 2022 $m                                              31 Dec 2021 $m




                                                                                                                                                                                                   European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                                                                      Mark-to-                EEV                                Mark-to -                EEV
                                                                                                       market              basis at                                market              basis at
                                                                                                         value             market                                    value             market
                                                                                 IFRS basis        adjustment                value           IFRS basis        adjustment                value
                                                                                    note (ii)          note (iii)                               note (ii)          note (iii)

Holding company cash and short-term investments note (i)                            (3,057)                    –           (3,057)              (3,572)                    –            (3,572)
Central borrowings:
  Subordinated debt                                                                  2,286                (306)             1,980                4,075                 196              4,271
  Senior debt                                                                        1,975                (121)             1,854                1,702                 242              1,944
  Bank loan                                                                              –                   –                  –                  350                   –                350
Total central borrowings                                                             4,261                (427)             3,834                6,127                 438              6,565
Net core structural borrowings of
  shareholder-financed businesses                                                    1,204                (427)                777               2,555                 438              2,993

Notes
(i)   The definition of holding company cash and short-term investments has been updated. As at 31 December 2022, holding company includes central holding and service companies. As at
      31 December 2021, holding company includes centrally managed group holding companies. Further information is provided in note I(v) of the Additional unaudited financial information.




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Additional information
(ii)  As recorded in note C5.1 of the IFRS financial results.
(iii) The movement in the value of core structural borrowings includes issuances and redemptions in the year and foreign exchange effects for pounds sterling denominated debts. The movement in
      the mark-to-market value adjustment can be analysed as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                  2022 $m             2021 $m

      Mark-to-market value adjustment at beginning of year                                                                                                             438                 795
      Credit included in the income statement                                                                                                                         (865)               (357)
      Mark-to-market value adjustment at end of year                                                                                                                  (427)                438


                                                                                                                                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022             391
Notes on the EEV basis results / continued




7 Comparison of EEV basis shareholders’ equity with IFRS basis shareholders’ equity
  		
                                                                                                                                 31 Dec 2022 $m   31 Dec 2021 $m

Assets less liabilities before deduction of insurance funds                                                                           140,078           164,810
Less insurance funds (including liabilities in respect of insurance products classified as investment contracts under IFRS 4):
  Policyholder liabilities (net of reinsurers’ share) and unallocated surplus of with-profits funds                                  (122,951)         (147,546)
  Shareholders’ accrued interest in the long-term business                                                                             25,224            30,267
                                                                                                                                      (97,727)         (117,279)
Less non-controlling interests                                                                                                           (167)             (176)
Total net assets attributable to equity holders of the Company                                                                         42,184            47,355

Share capital                                                                                                                             182               182
Share premium                                                                                                                           5,006             5,010
IFRS basis shareholders’ reserves                                                                                                      11,772            11,896
IFRS basis shareholders’ equity, net of non-controlling interests                                                                      16,960            17,088
Shareholders’ accrued interest in the long-term business                                                                               25,224            30,267
EEV basis shareholders’ equity, net of non-controlling interests                                                                       42,184            47,355



8 Methodology and accounting presentation
8.1 Methodology
(a) Covered business
The EEV basis results for the Group are prepared for ‘covered business’ as defined by the EEV Principles. Covered business represents the Group’s
long-term insurance business (including the Group’s investments in joint venture and associate insurance operations), for which the value of new
and in-force contracts is attributable to shareholders. The definition of long-term insurance business comprises those contracts falling under the
definition for regulatory purposes.
   The EEV results for the Group’s covered business are then combined with the post-tax IFRS results of the Group’s asset management and other
operations (including interest costs on core structural borrowings and corporate expenditure for head office functions that is not recharged/
allocated to the insurance operations), with an adjustment to deduct the unwind of expected margins on the internal management of the assets
of the covered business. Under the EEV Principles, the results for covered business incorporate the projected margins of attaching internal asset
management, as described in note (g) below.

(b) Valuation of in-force and new business
The EEV basis results are prepared incorporating best estimate assumptions about all relevant factors including levels of future investment
returns, persistency, mortality, morbidity and expenses, as described in note 9(c). These assumptions are used to project future cash flows. The
present value of the projected future cash flows is then calculated using a discount rate, as shown in note 9(a), which reflects both the time value
of money and all other non-diversifiable risks associated with the cash flows that are not otherwise allowed for.
   The total profit that emerges over the lifetime of an individual contract as calculated under the EEV basis is the same as that calculated under
the IFRS basis. Since the EEV basis reflects discounted future cash flows, under the EEV methodology the profit emergence is advanced, thus more
closely aligning the timing of the recognition of profit with the efforts and risks of current management actions, particularly with regard to
business sold during the period.

New business
In determining the EEV basis value of new business, premiums are included in projected cash flows on the same basis of distinguishing regular and
single premium business as set out in the Group’s new business sales reporting.
   New business premiums reflect those premiums attaching to the covered business, including premiums for contracts classified as investment
contracts under IFRS 4. New business premiums for regular premium products are shown on an annualised basis.
   New business profit represents profit determined by applying operating and economic assumptions as at the end of the period. New business
profitability is a key metric for the Group’s management of the development of the business. In addition, new business margins are shown by
reference to annual premium equivalent (APE) and the present value of new business premiums (PVNBP). These margins are calculated as the
percentage of the value of new business profit to APE and PVNBP. APE is calculated as the aggregate of regular premiums on new business written
in the period and one-tenth of single premiums. PVNBP is calculated as the aggregate of single premiums and the present value of expected
future premiums from regular premium new business, allowing for lapses and the other assumptions made in determining the EEV new business
profit.




392                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                             prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                          Group overview




(c) Cost of capital
A charge is deducted from the embedded value for the cost of locked-in required capital supporting the Group’s long-term business. The cost is the



                                                                                                                                                          Strategic report
difference between the nominal value of the capital held and the discounted value of the projected releases of this capital, allowing for post-tax
investment earnings on the capital.
   The EEV results are affected by the movement in this cost from period to period, which comprises a charge against new business profit and
generally a release in respect of the reduction in capital requirements for business in force as this runs off.
   Where required capital is held within a with-profits long-term fund, the value placed on surplus assets within the fund is already adjusted to
reflect its expected release over time and so no further adjustment to the shareholder position is necessary.

(d) Financial options and guarantees
Nature of financial options and guarantees


                                                                                                                                                          Governance
Participating products, principally written in China, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Singapore and Taiwan, have both guaranteed and non-guaranteed
elements. These products provide returns to policyholders through bonuses that are smoothed. There are two types of bonuses: regular and final.
Regular bonuses are declared once a year and, once credited, are guaranteed in accordance with the terms of the particular products. Final
bonuses are guaranteed only until the next bonus declaration.
   There are also various non-participating long-term products with guarantees. The principal guarantees are those for whole-of-life contracts
with floor levels of policyholder benefits that typically accrue at rates set at inception and do not vary subsequently with market conditions. Similar
to participating products, the policyholder charges incorporate an allowance for the cost of providing these guarantees, which, for certain
whole-of-life products in Hong Kong, remains constant throughout varying economic conditions, rather than reducing as the economic
environment improves and vice versa.




                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ remuneration report
Time value
The value of financial options and guarantees comprises the intrinsic value (arising from a deterministic valuation on best estimate assumptions)
and the time value (arising from the variability of economic outcomes in the future).
   Where appropriate (ie where financial options and guarantees are explicitly valued under the EEV methodology), a full stochastic valuation has
been undertaken to determine the time value of financial options and guarantees. The economic assumptions used for the stochastic calculations
are consistent with those used for the deterministic calculations. Assumptions specific to the stochastic calculations reflect local market conditions
and are based on a combination of actual market data, historic market data and an assessment of long-term economic conditions. Common
principles have been adopted across the Group for the stochastic asset models, such as separate modelling of individual asset classes with an
allowance for correlations between various asset classes. Details of the key characteristics of each model are given in note 9(b).
   In deriving the time value of financial options and guarantees, management actions in response to emerging investment and fund solvency




                                                                                                                                                          Financial statements
conditions have been modelled. Management actions encompass, but are not confined to, investment allocation decisions, levels of regular and
final bonuses and credited rates. Bonus rates are projected from current levels and varied in accordance with assumed management actions
applying in the emerging investment and fund solvency conditions. In all instances, the modelled actions are in accordance with approved local
practice and therefore reflect the options available to management.

(e) Level of required capital and net worth
In adopting the EEV Principles, Prudential has based required capital on the applicable local statutory regulations, including any amounts
considered to be required above the local statutory minimum requirements to satisfy regulatory constraints.
   For shareholder-backed businesses, the level of required capital has been based on the GPCR.




                                                                                                                                                          European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
> For CPL operations, the level of required capital follows the approach for embedded value reporting issued by the China Association of
  Actuaries (CAA) reflecting the C-ROSS regime. The CAA has started a project to assess whether any changes are required to the embedded
  value guidance in China given changes in regulatory rules, regulations and the external market environment since the standard was first issued.
  To date, no outcomes have been proposed by the CAA and Prudential has made no change to its EEV basis for CPL in 2022. At such time that
  there is a new basis, Prudential will consider the effect of proposals.
> For Hong Kong participating business, the HK RBC regime recognises the value of future shareholder transfers on an economic basis as
  available capital with an associated required capital. Within EEV, the shareholder value of participating business continues to be recognised as
  VIF with no recognition within free surplus and no associated required capital.
> For Singapore life operations, the level of net worth and required capital is based on the Tier 1 Capital position under the risk-based capital
  framework (RBC2), which removes certain negative reserves permitted to be recognised in the full RBC2 regulatory position applicable to the
  Group’s GWS capital position, in order to better reflect free surplus and its generation.
Free surplus is the shareholders’ net worth in excess of required capital. For the Hong Kong business, the HK RBC framework requires liabilities to be
valued on a best estimate basis and capital requirements to be risk based. EEV free surplus excludes regulatory surplus that arises where HK RBC
technical provisions are lower than policyholder asset shares or cash surrender values to more realistically reflect how the business is managed.




                                                                                                                                                          Additional information




                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   393
Notes on the EEV basis results / continued




8 Methodology and accounting presentation continued
8.1 Methodology continued
(f) With-profits business and the treatment of the estate
For the Group’s relevant operations, the proportion of surplus allocated to shareholders from the with-profits funds has been based on the
applicable profit distribution between shareholders and policyholders. The EEV methodology includes the value attributed to the shareholders’
interest in the residual estate of the in-force with-profits business. In any scenarios where the total assets of the life fund are insufficient to meet
policyholder claims in full, the excess cost is fully attributed to shareholders. As required, adjustments are also made to reflect any capital
requirements for with-profits business in excess of the capital resources of the with-profits funds.

(g) Internal asset management
In line with the EEV Principles, the in-force and new business results from long-term business include the projected future profit or loss from asset
management and service companies that support the Group’s covered insurance businesses. The results of the Group’s asset management
operations include the current period profit from the management of both internal and external funds. EEV basis shareholders’ other income and
expenditure is adjusted to deduct the expected profit anticipated to arise in the current period in the opening VIF from internal asset
management and other services. This deduction is on a basis consistent with that used for projecting the results for covered insurance business.
Accordingly, Group operating profit includes the actual profit earned in respect of the management of these assets.

(h) Allowance for risk and risk discount rates
Overview
Under the EEV Principles, discount rates used to determine the present value of expected future cash flows are set by reference to risk-free rates
plus a risk margin.
   The risk-free rates are largely based on local government bond yields at the valuation date and are assumed to remain constant throughout the
projection, with no trending or mean reversion to longer-term assumptions that cannot be observed in the current market.
   The risk margin reflects any non-diversifiable risk associated with the emergence of distributable earnings that is not allowed for elsewhere in
the valuation. In order to better reflect differences in relative market risk volatility inherent in each product group, Prudential sets the risk discount
rates to reflect the expected volatility associated with the expected future shareholder cash flows for each product group in the embedded value
model, rather than at a Group level.
   Where financial options and guarantees are explicitly valued under the EEV methodology, risk discount rates exclude the effect of these product
features.
   The risk margin represents the aggregate of the allowance for market risk and allowance for non-diversifiable non-market risk. No allowance is
required for non-market risks where these are assumed to be fully diversifiable.

Market risk allowance
The allowance for market risk represents the beta multiplied by the equity risk premium.
  The beta of a portfolio or product measures its relative market risk. The risk discount rates reflect the market risk inherent in each product group
and hence the volatility of product-specific cash flows. These are determined by considering how the profit from each product is affected by
changes in expected returns across asset classes. By converting this into a relative rate of return, it is possible to derive a product-specific beta. This
approach contrasts with a top-down approach to market risk where the risks associated with each product are not directly reflected in the
valuation basis.
  The Group’s methodology allows for credit risk in determining the best estimate returns and through the market risk allowance, which covers
expected long-term defaults, a credit risk premium (to reflect the volatility in downgrade and default levels) and short-term downgrades and
defaults.

Allowance for non-diversifiable non-market risks
The majority of non-market and non-credit risks are considered to be diversifiable. An allowance for non-diversifiable non-market risks is estimated
as set out below.
   A base level allowance of 50 basis points is applied to cover the non-diversifiable non-market risks associated with the Group’s covered business.
For the Group’s businesses in less mature markets (such as the Philippines, Thailand and Africa) additional allowances of 250 basis points are
applied. The level and application of these allowances are reviewed and updated based on an assessment of the Group’s exposure and experience
in the markets. For the Group’s business in more mature markets, no additional allowance is necessary. At 31 December 2022, the total allowance
for non-diversifiable non-market risk is equivalent to a $(2.8) billion, or (7) per cent, reduction to the embedded value of long-term business
operations.

(i) Foreign currency translation
Foreign currency profits and losses have been translated at average exchange rates for the period. Foreign currency transactions are translated at
the spot rate prevailing at the date of the transactions. Foreign currency assets and liabilities have been translated at closing exchange rates. The
principal exchange rates are shown in note A1 of the Group IFRS financial results.

(j) Taxation
In determining the post-tax profit for the period for covered business, the overall tax rate includes the impact of tax effects determined on a local
regulatory basis. Tax payments and receipts included in the projected future cash flows to determine the value of in-force business are calculated
using tax rates that have been announced and substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.



394                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                        prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                           Group overview




8.2 Accounting presentation
(a) Analysis of post-tax profit or loss



                                                                                                                                                           Strategic report
To the extent applicable, the presentation of the EEV profit or loss for the period is consistent with the classification between operating and
non-operating results that the Group applies for the analysis of IFRS results. Operating results are determined as described in note (b) below and
incorporate the following:
> New business profit, as defined in note 8.1(b) above;
> Expected return on existing business, as described in note (c) below;
> The impact of routine changes of estimates relating to operating assumptions, as described in note (d) below; and
> Operating experience variances, as described in note (e) below.
In addition, operating results include the effect of changes in tax legislation, unless these changes are one-off and structural in nature, or primarily

                                                                                                                                                           Governance
affect the level of projected investment returns, in which case they are reflected as a non-operating result.
   Non-operating results comprise:
> Short-term fluctuations in investment returns;
> Mark-to-market value movements on core structural borrowings;
> Effect of changes in economic assumptions; and
> The impact of corporate transactions, if any, undertaken in the year.
Total profit or loss in the period attributable to shareholders and basic earnings per share include these items, together with actual investment




                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ remuneration report
returns. The Group believes that operating profit, as adjusted for these items, better reflects underlying performance.

(b) Investment returns included in operating profit
For the investment element of the assets covering the total net worth of long-term insurance business, investment returns are recognised in
operating results at the expected long-term rates of return. These expected returns are calculated by reference to the asset mix of the portfolio.

(c) Expected return on existing business
Expected return on existing business comprises the expected unwind of discounting effects on the opening value of in-force business and required
capital and the expected return on existing free surplus. The unwind of discount and the expected return on existing free surplus are determined
after adjusting for the effect of changes in economic and operating assumptions in the current period on the embedded value at the beginning of
the period, for example, the unwind of discount on the value of in-force business and required capital is determined after adjusting both the
opening value and the risk discount rates for the effect of changes in economic and operating assumptions in the current period.




                                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
(d) Effect of changes in operating assumptions
Operating profit includes the effect of changes to operating assumptions on the value of in-force business at the end of the reporting period. For
presentational purposes the effect of changes is delineated to show the effect on the opening value of in-force business as operating assumption
changes, with the experience variances subsequently being determined by reference to the assumptions at the end of the reporting period, as
discussed below.

(e) Operating experience variances
Operating profit includes the effect of experience variances on operating assumptions, such as persistency, mortality, morbidity, expenses and
other factors, which are calculated with reference to the assumptions at the end of the reporting period.




                                                                                                                                                           European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
(f) Effect of changes in economic assumptions
Movements in the value of in-force business at the beginning of the period caused by changes in economic assumptions, net of the related
changes in the time value of financial options and guarantees, are recorded in non-operating results.



9 Assumptions
(a) Principal economic assumptions
The EEV results for the Group’s covered business are determined using economic assumptions where both the risk discount rates and long-term
expected rates of return on investments are set with reference to risk-free rates of return at the end of the reporting period. Both the risk discount
rate and expected rates of return are updated at each valuation date to reflect current market risk-free rates, with the effect that changes in
market risk-free rates impact all projected future cash flows. The risk-free rates of return are largely based on local government bond yields and are
assumed to remain constant throughout the projection, with no trending or mean reversion to longer-term assumptions that cannot be observed
in the current market. The risk-free rates of return are shown below for each of the Group’s insurance operations. Expected returns on equity and




                                                                                                                                                           Additional information
property assets and corporate bonds are derived by adding a risk premium to the risk-free rate based on the Group’s long-term view.
   As described in note 8.1(h), risk discount rates are set equal to the risk-free rate at the valuation date plus allowances for market risk and
non-diversifiable non-market risks appropriate to the features and risks of the underlying products and markets.




                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   395
Notes on the EEV basis results / continued




 9 Assumptions continued
(a) Principal economic assumptions continued
Risks that are explicitly allowed for elsewhere in the EEV basis, such as via the cost of capital and the time value of options and guarantees, as set
out in note 2(a), are not included in the risk discount rates.

                                                                                     Risk discount rate %
                                                                                                                                          10-year government                      Equity return
                                                                       New business                      In-force business                   bond yield %                        (geometric) %

                                                                31 Dec 2022      31 Dec 2021       31 Dec 2022      31 Dec 2021        31 Dec 2022      31 Dec 2021       31 Dec 2022       31 Dec 2021

CPL                                                                      7.4              7.3               7.4               7.3                 2.9             2.8               6.9              6.8
Hong Kong note (i)                                                       4.8              2.5               5.5               2.8                 3.9             1.5               7.4              5.0
Indonesia                                                               10.0              9.9              10.6              10.5                 7.3             7.0              11.5             11.3
Malaysia                                                                 5.8              5.7               6.5               6.1                 4.1             3.7               7.6              7.2
Philippines                                                             14.5             12.0              14.5              12.0                 7.3             4.8              11.5              9.0
Singapore                                                                5.0              3.4               5.2               3.8                 3.1             1.7               6.6              5.2
Taiwan                                                                   3.5              3.5               4.0               3.1                 1.3             0.7               5.3              4.7
Thailand                                                                10.0              9.3              10.0               9.3                 2.7             2.0               7.0              6.3
Vietnam                                                                  6.9              4.0               6.7               4.1                 5.0             2.2               9.3              6.4
Total weighted average (new business) note (ii)                          6.9              5.0               n/a               n/a                 4.2             2.7               7.5              6.1
Total weighted average (in-force business) note (ii)                     n/a              n/a               6.4               4.3                 4.0             2.3               7.6              5.8

Notes
(i)   For Hong Kong, the assumptions shown are for US dollar denominated business. For other businesses, the assumptions shown are for local currency denominated business.
(ii)  Total weighted average assumptions have been determined by weighting each business’s assumptions by reference to the EEV basis new business profit and the closing net value of in-force
      business. The changes in the risk discount rates for individual businesses reflect the movements in the local government bond yields, changes in the allowance for market risk (including as a result
      of changes in asset mix) and changes in product mix.
(iii) Expected long-term inflation assumptions range from 1.5 per cent to 5.5 per cent for all periods shown above.


(b) Stochastic assumptions
Details are given below of the key characteristics of the models used to determine the time value of financial options and guarantees as referred
to in note 8.1(d).
> The stochastic cost of guarantees is primarily of significance for the Hong Kong, Malaysia, Singapore and Taiwan businesses;
> The principal asset classes are government bonds, corporate bonds and equity;
> Interest rates are projected using a stochastic interest rate model calibrated to the current market yields;
> Equity returns are assumed to follow a log-normal distribution;
> The corporate bond return is calculated based on a risk-free return plus a mean-reverting spread;
> The volatility of equity returns ranges from 18 per cent to 35 per cent for both years; and
> The volatility of government bond yields ranges from 1.1 per cent to 2.0 per cent for both years.
(c) Operating assumptions
Best estimate assumptions are used for projecting future cash flows, where best estimate is defined as the mean of the distribution of future
possible outcomes. The assumptions are reviewed actively and changes are made when evidence exists that material changes in future
experience are reasonably certain. Where experience is expected to be adverse over the short term, a provision may be established.
   Assumptions required in the calculation of the time value of financial options and guarantees, for example relating to volatilities and
correlations, or dynamic algorithms linking liabilities to assets, have been set equal to the best estimates and, wherever material and practical,
reflect any dynamic relationships between the assumptions and the stochastic variables.

Demographic assumptions
Persistency, mortality and morbidity assumptions are based on an analysis of recent experience, and reflect expected future experience. When
projecting future cash flows for medical reimbursement business that is repriced annually, explicit allowance is made for expected future premium
inflation and separately for future medical claims inflation.

Expense assumptions
Expense levels, including those of the service companies that support the Group’s long-term business, are based on internal expense analysis and
are appropriately allocated to acquisition of new business and renewal of in-force business. For mature business, in general, it is Prudential’s policy
not to take credit for future cost reduction programmes until the actions to achieve the savings have been delivered. An allowance is made for
short-term required expenses that are not representative of the longer-term expense loadings of the relevant businesses. At 31 December 2022,
the allowance held for these costs across the Group was $(173) million. If future expense overruns are expected to be short-lived, they are
capitalised and subsequently amortised against future overruns.
   Expenses comprise costs borne directly and costs recharged from the Group head office functions that are attributable to the long-term
insurance (covered) business. The assumed future expenses for the long-term insurance business allow for amounts expected to be recharged by
the head office functions. Development expenses are allocated to covered business and are charged as incurred.
   Corporate expenditure, which is included in other income and expenditure, comprises expenditure of the Group head office functions that is not
recharged/allocated to the long-term insurance or asset management operations, primarily for corporate related activities that are charged as


396                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                             prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Group overview




incurred, together with restructuring and IFRS 17 implementation costs incurred across the Group as recorded in note B1.1 of the IFRS financial results.

Tax rates


                                                                                                                                                                                                       Strategic report
The assumed long-term effective tax rates for operations reflect the expected incidence of taxable profit or loss in the projected future cash flows
as explained in note 8.1(j). The local standard corporate tax rates applicable are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                                   %

CPL                                                                                                                                                                                  25.0
Hong Kong                                                                                                                                                  16.5% on 5% of premium income
Indonesia                                                                                                                                                                            22.0
Malaysia*                                                                                                                                                                            24.0


                                                                                                                                                                                                       Governance
Philippines                                                                                                                                                                          25.0
Singapore                                                                                                                                                                            17.0
Taiwan                                                                                                                                                                               20.0
Thailand                                                                                                                                                                             20.0
Vietnam                                                                                                                                                                              20.0

*      The Malaysia 2022 Budget imposed a one-off tax change in 2022 where the first RM100 million chargeable income will continue to be taxed at the standard corporate tax rate of 24 per cent
       and any excess will be taxed at a rate of 33 per cent. The anticipated effect was allowed for within EEV at 31 December 2021.




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Directors’ remuneration report
    10 Insurance new business
                                                                                                                                       Annual premium                   Present value of new
                                                                   Single premiums                   Regular premiums                  equivalents (APE)            business premiums (PVNBP)

AER                                                               2022 $m         2021 $m           2022 $m          2021 $m           2022 $m         2021 $m           2022 $m          2021 $m

CPL  note (i)                                                       1,254            1,760               759              600              884              776            3,521            3,761
Hong Kong                                                             842              808               438              469              522              550            3,295            4,847
Indonesia                                                             250              258               222              226              247              252            1,040            1,067
Malaysia                                                               99               74               350              453              359              461            1,879            2,137
Singapore                                                           2,628            2,412               507              502              770              743            6,091            6,214
Growth markets:




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Financial statements
   Africa                                                               9               15               148              133              149              134              308              288
   Cambodia                                                             –                –                18               14               18               14               69               59
   India note (ii)                                                    273              285               196              200              223              228            1,148            1,172
   Laos                                                                 –                –                 –                1                –                1                1                2
   Myanmar                                                              –                –                 3                1                3                1                6                3
   Philippines                                                         61               89               176              168              182              177              615              655
   Taiwan                                                             157              172               486              379              503              397            1,835            1,417
   Thailand                                                           150              142               220              204              235              218              932              882
   Vietnam                                                             99               55               288              237              298              242            1,666            1,649




                                                                                                                                                                                                       European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Total                                                               5,822            6,070            3,811            3,587             4,393            4,194           22,406           24,153

Notes
(i)   New business in CPL is included at Prudential’s 50 per cent interest in the joint venture.
(ii)  New business in India is included at Prudential’s 22 per cent interest in the associate.
(iii) The table above is provided as an indicative volume measure of transactions undertaken in the reporting period that have the potential to generate profit for shareholders. The amounts shown
      are not, and not intended to be, reflective of premium income recorded in the Group IFRS income statement.



    11 Post balance sheet events
Second interim ordinary dividend
The 2022 second interim ordinary dividend approved by the Board of Directors after 31 December 2022 is as described in note B5 of the IFRS
financial results.

Debt redemption
On 20 January 2023 the Company redeemed senior debt instruments of £300 million, as described in note C5.1 of the IFRS financial results.




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Additional information




                                                                                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022              397
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the
European Embedded Value (EEV) basis supplementary information



The Directors have chosen to prepare supplementary information in
accordance with the European Embedded Value Principles issued by
the European Insurance CFO Forum in 2016 (‘the EEV Principles’)
using the methodology and assumptions set out in the Notes on the
EEV basis results.
When compliance with the EEV Principles is stated, those principles
require the Directors to prepare supplementary information in
accordance with the Embedded Value Methodology (EVM)
contained in the EEV Principles and to disclose and explain any
non-compliance with the EEV guidance included in the EEV Principles.
In preparing the EEV supplementary information, the Directors have:
> Prepared the supplementary information in accordance with the
  EEV Principles;
> Identified and described the business covered by the EVM;
> Applied the EVM consistently to the covered business;
> Determined assumptions on a realistic basis, having regard to past,
  current and expected future experience and to any relevant
  external data, and then applied them consistently;
> Made estimates that are reasonable and consistent; and
> Described the basis on which business that is not covered business
  has been included in the supplementary information, including any
  material departures from the accounting framework applicable to
  the Group’s financial statements.




398              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                      prudentialplc.com
Independent auditor’s report to Prudential plc on the

                                                                                                                                                        Group overview
European Embedded Value (EEV) basis supplementary information



Opinion                                                                    We also considered less predictable but realistic second order
We have audited the EEV basis supplementary information of                 impacts, such as failure of some of the Group’s counterparties (such



                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
Prudential plc (‘the Company’ and, together with its subsidiaries,         as banks and reinsurers) to meet commitments, which could give rise
(‘the Group’)) for the year-ended 31 December 2022 which comprise          to a negative impact on the Group’s financial position and liquidity,
the EEV results highlights, movement in Group EEV shareholders’            and wider economic factors such as the Coronavirus pandemic’s
equity, movement in Group free surplus and related notes,                  impact on economic volatility and market uncertainty in the period,
including the basis of preparation on page 380. The EEV basis              and other such macroeconomic events.
supplementary information should be read in conjunction with
the Group financial statements.                                            We considered whether these risks could plausibly affect the liquidity
                                                                           or solvency in the going concern period by assessing the Directors’
In our opinion, the EEV basis supplementary information of the             sensitivities over the level of available financial resources indicated by
Group for the year-ended 31 December 2022 has been properly                the Group’s cash flow forecasts taking account of severe but plausible


                                                                                                                                                        Governance
prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the European        adverse effects that could arise from these risks individually and
Embedded Value Principles issued by the European Insurance CFO             collectively.
Forum in 2016 (‘the EEV Principles’) using the methodology and
assumptions set out in the Notes on the EEV basis results.                 However, as we cannot predict future events or conditions and as
                                                                           subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with
Basis for opinion                                                          judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made, the
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards          above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Group will continue
on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”), including ISA (UK) 800, and the terms      in operation.
of our engagement. Our responsibilities are described below. We have
fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent of the   We assessed the completeness of the going concern disclosure.




                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ remuneration report
Company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the          Our conclusions based on this work:
FRC Ethical Standard. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion.            > We consider that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of
                                                                             accounting in the preparation of the EEV basis supplementary
Emphasis of matter – special purpose basis of preparation                    information is appropriate;
We draw attention to page 380 of the EEV basis supplementary               > We have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment
information. As explained on that page, the EEV basis supplementary          that there is not, a material uncertainty related to events or
information is prepared to provide additional information to users of        conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant
the Group financial statements. As a result, the EEV basis                   doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern for the
supplementary information may not be suitable for another purpose.           going concern period; and
Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.                     > We found the going concern disclosure to be acceptable.
Going Concern                                                              Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations – ability to detect




                                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
The Directors have prepared the EEV basis supplementary                    Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement
information on the going concern basis as they do not intend to            due to fraud
liquidate the Group or to cease their operations, and as they have         To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”)
concluded that the Group’s financial position means that this is           we assessed events or conditions that could indicate an incentive or
realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material             pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud.
uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over their ability    Our risk assessment procedures included:
to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the date of
approval of the EEV basis supplementary information (“the going            > Enquiring of directors, the Audit Committee, Internal Audit, Group
concern period”).                                                            Security, and inspecting key papers provided to those charged with
                                                                             governance as to the high-level policies and procedures to prevent




                                                                                                                                                        European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
We used our knowledge of the Group, its industry, and the general            and detect fraud, including the Group’s channel for
economic environment in which it operates to identify the inherent           “whistleblowing” and process for engaging local management to
risks to its business model and analysed how those risks might affect        identify fraud risks specific to their business units, as well as
the Group’s financial resources or ability to continue operations over       whether they have knowledge of any actual, suspected, or alleged
the going concern period. The risks that were considered most likely         fraud.
to adversely affect the Group’s available financial resources over this
                                                                           > Reading board and Audit Committee minutes.
period were:
                                                                           > Considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance
> Adverse impacts arising from fluctuations or negative trends in the        targets for directors.
  economic environment which affect the valuations of the Group’s          > Consulted with professionals with forensic knowledge to assist us in
  investments, wider credit spreads and defaults and valuation of            identifying fraud risks based on discussions of the circumstances of
  EEV shareholders’ equity due to the impact of these market                 the Group.
  movements;
> The impact on regulatory capital solvency margins from                   We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team
  movements in interest rates; and                                         and remained alert to any indications of fraud throughout the audit.
                                                                           This included communication from the Group audit team to all
> Severely adverse policyholder lapse or claims experience.
                                                                           component audit teams in scope of relevant fraud risks identified at
                                                                           the Group level and requests to these audit teams to report to the




                                                                                                                                                        Additional information
                                                                           Group audit team any instances of fraud that could give rise to a
                                                                           material misstatement at Group.




                                                                                                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    399
Independent auditor’s report to Prudential plc on the European Embedded Value (EEV) basis supplementary information / continued




As required by auditing standards, and taking into account possible           The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the EEV basis
pressures to meet profit targets, we perform procedures to address            supplementary information varies considerably.
the risks of management override of controls, in particular the risk
that Group and component management may be in a position to                   The Group is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the
make inappropriate accounting entries and the risk of bias in                 EEV basis supplementary information including financial reporting
accounting estimates and judgements. Accordingly, we identified a             legislation (including related companies legislation), distributable
fraud risk related to the selection of EEV operating assumptions given        profits legislation and taxation legislation and we assessed the extent
their direct impact on the Group’s embedded value, the opportunity            of compliance with these laws and regulations as part of our
for management to manipulate assumptions due to the subjectivity              procedures on the related EEV basis supplementary information
involved and given the long-term nature of these assumptions which            items.
are more difficult to corroborate.                                            The Group is subject to many other laws and regulations where the
On this audit we do not consider there is a fraud risk related to revenue     consequences of non-compliance could have a material effect on
recognition as there is limited management judgement involved in              amounts or disclosures in the EEV basis supplementary information,
the determination of all material revenue streams as the amounts are          for instance through the imposition of fines or litigation or the loss of
contractually derived.                                                        the Group’s licence to operate. We identified the area of regulatory
                                                                              capital as that most likely to have such an effect recognising the
In determining the audit procedures to address the identified fraud           financial and regulated nature of the Group’s activities.
risks, we took into account the results of our evaluation and testing of
the operating effectiveness of the group-wide anti-fraud risk controls.       Auditing standards limit the required audit procedures to identify
In order to address the risk of fraud specifically as it relates to the EEV   non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the
operating assumptions, we involved actuarial specialists to assist in         directors and other management and inspection of regulatory and
our challenge of management. We challenged management in                      legal correspondence, if any. Therefore, if a breach of operational
relation to the selection of assumptions and the appropriateness of           regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from relevant
the rationale for any changes, the consistency of the selected                correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.
assumptions across different aspects of the financial reporting               Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of
process and comparison to our understanding of the product                    law or regulation
portfolio, trends in experience, policyholder behaviour and economic          Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable
conditions and also by reference to market practice.                          risk that we may not have detected some material misstatements in
To address the pervasive risk as it relates to management override, we        the EEV basis supplementary information, even though we have
also performed procedures including:                                          properly planned and performed our audit in accordance with
                                                                              auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-
> Identifying journal entries based on risk criteria and comparing the        compliance with laws and regulations (irregularities) is from the
  identified entries to supporting documentation. These include               events and transactions reflected in the EEV basis supplementary
  journal entries related to non-recurring transactions.                      information, the less likely the inherently limited procedures required
> Evaluating the business purpose of non-recurring transactions.              by auditing standards would identify it.
> Assessing significant accounting estimates for bias.                        In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement                  non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, forgery,
due to non-compliance with laws and regulations                               intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal
We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be          controls. We are not responsible for preventing non-compliance or
expected to have a material effect on the EEV basis supplementary             fraud and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws
information from our general commercial and sector experience,                and regulations.
through discussion with the directors, and from inspection of the             Other information
Group’s regulatory and legal correspondence. We discussed with the            The directors are responsible for the other information presented in
directors and other management the policies and procedures                    the Annual Report together with the EEV basis supplementary
regarding compliance with laws and regulation.                                information. Our opinion on the EEV basis supplementary
As the Group is regulated, our assessment of risks involved gaining an        information does not cover the other information and, accordingly,
understanding of the control environment including the entity’s               we do not express an audit opinion or any form of assurance
procedures for complying with regulatory requirements.                        conclusion thereon.

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our                Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
team and remained alert to any indications of non-compliance                  consider whether, based on our EEV basis supplementary information
throughout the audit. This included communication from the Group              audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or
to all in-scope component audit teams of relevant laws and                    inconsistent with the EEV basis supplementary information or our
regulations identified at the group level, and a request for these            audit knowledge. Based solely on that work, we have not identified
teams to report to the Group any instances of non-compliance with             material misstatements in the other information.
said laws and regulations, or any identified local laws and regulations,
that could give rise to a material misstatement at Group.




400                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                    prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                      Group overview




Directors’ responsibilities
As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 398,



                                                                                                                      Strategic report
the directors are responsible for the preparation of the EEV basis
supplementary information in accordance with the European
Embedded Value Principles issued by the European Insurance CFO
Forum in 2016 (‘the EEV Principles’) using the methodology and
assumptions set out in the Notes on the EEV basis results. They are
also responsible for: such internal control as they determine is
necessary to enable the preparation of EEV basis supplementary
information that is free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error; determining that the basis of preparation is acceptable
in the circumstances; assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a

                                                                                                                      Governance
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they
either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditor’s responsibilities
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
EEV basis supplementary information as a whole is free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion




                                                                                                                      Directors’ remuneration report
in an auditor’s report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or
error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of the EEV basis supplementary information.
A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s
website at www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.
The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our
responsibilities
This report is made solely to the Company in accordance with the




                                                                                                                      Financial statements
terms of our engagement. Our audit work has been undertaken so
that we might state to the Company those matters we have been
engaged to state to it in this report and for no other purpose. To the
fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume
responsibility to anyone other than the Company for our audit work,
for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.




                                                                                                                      European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Stuart Crisp
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP
Chartered Accountants
London
15 March 2023




                                                                                                                      Additional information




                                                                           Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   401
      Additional
      information
      404 Index to the additional unaudited
          financial information
      430 Risk factors
      443 Glossary
      447 Shareholder information
      450 How to contact us




402           Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   prudentialplc.com
Group overview   Strategic report   Governance   Directors’ remuneration report   Financial statements   European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results   Additional information
                                                                                                                                                                                403
                                                                                                                                                                                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022
Index to the additional unaudited financial information




                                                                                                                                 Page

I        Additional financial information
(i)      Group capital position                                                                                                  405
(ii)     Analysis of adjusted operating profit by driver                                                                         410
(iii)    Analysis of adjusted operating profit by business unit                                                                  411
(iv)     Group funds under management                                                                                            413
(v)      Holding company cash flow                                                                                               413
(vi)     Reconciliation of EEV expected transfer of value of in-force business and required capital to free surplus              414
(vii)    Share schemes                                                                                                           416
(viii)   Selected historical financial information of Prudential                                                                 424


II       Calculation of alternative performance measures
(i)      Reconciliation of adjusted operating profit to profit before tax                                                        426
(ii)     Calculation of IFRS gearing ratio                                                                                       426
(iii)    Return on IFRS shareholders’ equity                                                                                     426
(iv)     Calculation of IFRS shareholders’ equity per share                                                                      427
(v)      Calculation of Eastspring cost/income ratio                                                                             427
(vi)     Reconciliation of gross premiums earned to renewal insurance premiums                                                   427
(vii)    Reconciliation of gross premiums earned to APE new business sales                                                       428
(viii)   Gross premiums earned including joint ventures and associates                                                           428
(ix)     Reconciliation between IFRS and EEV shareholders’ equity                                                                428
(x)      Calculation of return on embedded value                                                                                 429




404                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                prudentialplc.com
Additional unaudited financial information

                                                                                                                                                                Group overview




 I Additional financial information


                                                                                                                                                                Strategic report
I(i) Group capital position
Prudential applies the Insurance (Group Capital) Rules set out in the Group-wide Supervision (GWS) Framework issued by the Hong Kong IA to
determine group regulatory capital requirements (both minimum and prescribed levels). For regulated insurance entities, the capital resources and
required capital included in the GWS capital measure for Hong Kong IA Group regulatory purposes are based on the local solvency regime
applicable in each jurisdiction. The Group holds material participating business in Hong Kong, Singapore and Malaysia. Alongside the total
regulatory GWS capital basis, a shareholder GWS capital basis is also presented which excludes the contribution to the Group GWS eligible group
capital resources, the Group Minimum Capital Requirements (GMCR) and the Group Prescribed Capital Requirements (GPCR) from these
participating funds.


                                                                                                                                                                Governance
Regulatory updates
The GWS group capital adequacy requirements require that total eligible group capital resources are not less than the GPCR and that GWS Tier 1
group capital resources are not less than the GMCR. In line with the changes in the 2022 Half-Year Report and the updated GWS disclosure
guidelines issued by the Hong Kong IA in December 2022 the GWS capital disclosures present the Group capital position by comparing the total
eligible group capital resources to the GPCR, aligned with the basis of our EEV capital requirements. In addition, the total regulatory Tier 1 capital
resources relative to the GMCR is also disclosed.
   The recent trend to more risk-based capital regimes being adopted in many of the Group’s markets is continuing and this impacts on the Group’s
GWS capital measure, which is underpinned by the local regulatory regimes of the Group’s subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates. C-ROSS




                                                                                                                                                                Directors’ remuneration report
Phase II became effective in the Chinese Mainland in the first quarter of 2022, and in April 2022 Prudential Hong Kong Limited received approval
from the Hong Kong IA to early-adopt the new risk-based capital regime effective from 1 January 2022.
   The impact of these changes on the GWS capital position, estimated as at 31 December 2021 and after allowing for the impact of the
$1.7 billion debt redemption in January 2022, are shown below:

                                                                  Shareholder basis                                     Total regulatory basis

                                                              GMCR basis                  GPCR basis                  GMCR basis                   GPCR basis

                                                                Impact of          Post         Post                    Impact of           Post         Post
                                                                HK RBC &     regulatory   regulatory                    HK RBC &      regulatory   regulatory
$ billion                                      As disclosed     C-ROSS II      updates      updates    As disclosed     C-ROSS II       updates      updates

Capital resources                                    15.2          +10.3          25.5         25.5          42.7            (0.7)         42.0         42.0




                                                                                                                                                                Financial statements
Required capital                                      3.7          +1.0           4.7          8.0           10.7           +0.4          11.1         20.6
GWS capital surplus                                  11.5          +9.3          20.8         17.5           32.0            (1.1)        30.9         21.4
GWS coverage ratio                                  408%         +137%          545%         320%           398%           -20%          378%         204%


The Hong Kong RBC framework requires liabilities to be valued on a best estimate basis and capital requirements to be risk-based, resulting in the
release of prudent regulatory margins previously included in liabilities and an increase in required capital. In addition the shareholder position also
recognises the value of future shareholder transfers from participating business on an economic basis within the capital resources along with an
associated required capital. In total this results in a material increase in the GWS shareholder capital resources and required capital as presented
above.




                                                                                                                                                                European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
   At a GWS total regulatory level, after including the contribution from participating business, the introduction of the Hong Kong RBC framework
results in a fall in capital resources. The impact on the shareholder position as noted above is more than offset by the Hong Kong RBC framework
requirement to reflect future discretionary policyholder bonuses within the participating business liabilities which were previously treated as
capital.
   In addition to the regulatory changes discussed above, the Hong Kong IA issued guidance in the first half of 2022 on the classification of GWS
Tier 1 group capital and the GMCR that should be assessed against this Tier 1 group capital, in particular to ensure that participating business
capital resources that are not classified as Tier 1 group capital by the application of local rules, do not attract a corresponding GMCR. Applying this
guidance at 31 December 2021 would reduce the total regulatory GMCR presented above of $11.1 billion by $(4.6) billion to $6.5 billion with no
impact on the GPCR.




                                                                                                                                                                Additional information




                                                                                                         Prudential plc Annual Report 2022         405
Additional unaudited financial information / continued




 I Additional financial information continued
I(i) Group capital position continued
Estimated GWS capital position
As at 31 December 2022, the estimated shareholder GWS capital surplus over the GPCR is $15.6 billion (31 December 2021: $17.5 billion),
representing a coverage ratio of 307 per cent (31 December 2021: 320 per cent) and the estimated total GWS capital surplus over the GPCR is
$18.1 billion (31 December 2021: $21.4 billion), representing a coverage ratio of 202 per cent (31 December 2021: 204 per cent). The estimated
Group Tier 1 capital resources are $17.4 billion with headroom over the GMCR of $12.1 billion (31 December 2021: $14.9 billion), representing a
coverage ratio of 328 per cent (31 December 2021: 328 per cent).

                                                                                                31 Dec 2022 note (4)                                  31 Dec 2021 note(1)

                                                                                                            Add                                                  Add                              Change
                                                                                   Shareholder      policyholder             Total      Shareholder      policyholder             Total           in total
                                                                                                         note (3)          note (5)                           note (3)          note (5)          note (6)

Group capital resources ($bn)                                                              23.2             12.6              35.8              25.5              16.5             42.0              (6.2)
of which: Tier 1 capital resources ($bn) note (2)                                          15.9              1.5              17.4              17.9               3.5             21.4              (4.0)

Group Minimum Capital Requirement ($bn)                                                      4.4             0.9               5.3                4.7              1.8              6.5              (1.2)
Group Prescribed Capital Requirement ($bn)                                                   7.6            10.1              17.7                8.0             12.6             20.6              (2.9)

GWS capital surplus over GPCR ($bn)                                                       15.6                2.5            18.1               17.5               3.9            21.4               (3.3)
GWS coverage ratio over GPCR (%)                                                         307%                               202%               320%                              204%                (2)%

GWS Tier 1 surplus over GMCR ($bn)                                                                                           12.1                                                 14.9               (2.8)
GWS Tier 1 coverage ratio over GMCR (%)                                                                                     328%                                                 328%                    –

Notes
(1) All 31 December 2021 GWS capital results reflect the impact of the regulatory updates discussed in the section above and are after allowing for the impact of the $1.7 billion debt redemption in
      January 2022.
(2) The classification of tiering of capital under the GWS framework reflects the different local regulatory regimes along with guidance issued by the Hong Kong IA. At 31 December 2022, total Tier 1
      capital resources of $17.4 billion comprises: $23.2 billion of total shareholder capital resources; less $(4.0) billion of Prudential plc issued sub-ordinated and senior Tier 2 debt capital; less
      $(3.3) billion of local regulatory tiering classifications in Singapore and the Chinese Mainland which are classified as GWS Tier 2 capital resources; plus $1.5 billion of Tier 1 capital resources in
      policyholder funds.
(3) This allows for any associated diversification impacts between the shareholder and policyholder positions reflected in the total company results where relevant.
(4) The 31 December 2022 GWS capital results do not reflect the impact of the redemption of $0.4 billion of senior debt in January 2023. Allowing for this redemption reduces the estimated
      shareholder GWS capital surplus over GPCR to $15.2 billion with a coverage ratio of 302 per cent and reduces the estimated total GWS capital surplus over GPCR to $17.7 billion with a coverage
      ratio of 200 per cent. The total GWS Tier 1 over GMCR capital position is unaffected by this redemption.
(5) The total company GWS coverage ratio over GPCR presented above represents the eligible group capital resources coverage ratio as set out in the GWS framework while the total company GWS
      tier 1 coverage ratio over GMCR represents the tier 1 group capital coverage ratio.
(6) Refer to section on Material changes in GMCR, GPCR, tier 1 group capital and eligible group capital resources below.

GWS sensitivity analysis
The estimated sensitivity of the GWS capital position (based on the GPCR) to changes in market conditions as at 31 December 2022 is shown
below, for both the shareholder and the total capital position.

                                                                                                                                                           31 Dec 2022

                                                                                                                                      Shareholder                                   Total

                                                                                                                                   Surplus     Coverage ratio                 Surplus      Coverage ratio
Impact of market sensitivities                                                                                                        $bn                                        $bn

Base position                                                                                                                         15.6               307%                   18.1               202%
Impact of:
  10% increase in equity markets                                                                                                       0.3               (3)%                     1.2                 1%
  20% fall in equity markets                                                                                                          (1.9)             (14)%                    (3.6)             (12)%
  50 basis points reduction in interest rates                                                                                          0.4                 4%                     0.0                 0%
  100 basis points increase in interest rates                                                                                         (1.1)             (15)%                    (0.6)              (3)%
  100 basis points increase in credit spreads                                                                                         (0.8)              (9)%                    (1.2)              (6)%


The sensitivity results above reflect the impact on the Group’s long-term business operations at 31 December 2022. The sensitivity results assume
instantaneous market movements and reflect all consequential impacts as at the valuation date. These results also allow for limited management
actions such as changes to future policyholder bonuses and rebalancing investment portfolios where relevant. If such economic conditions
persisted, the financial impacts may differ to the instantaneous impacts shown above. In this case, management could also take additional
actions to help mitigate the impact of these stresses. These actions include, but are not limited to, market risk hedging, further rebalancing of
investment portfolios, increased use of reinsurance, repricing of in-force benefits, changes to new business pricing and the mix of new business
being sold.




406                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                               prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                           Group overview




GWS Risk Appetite and capital management
The Group’s capital management framework focuses on achieving sustainable, profitable growth and retaining a resilient balance sheet.



                                                                                                                                                           Strategic report
   The Group monitors regulatory capital, economic capital and rating agency capital metrics and manages the business within its risk appetite by
remaining within its economic and regulatory capital limits. In respect of regulatory capital limits, a capital buffer above the GPCR is held to ensure
the Group can withstand volatility in markets and operational experience, with capital resources remaining sufficient to cover the GPCR even after
significant stresses. The calibration of the capital buffer reflects the Group’s risk profile and the external economic environment, and is set and
reviewed regularly by the Board.
   Typically, this requires a Group shareholder coverage ratio of above 150 per cent of the shareholder GPCR to be maintained and de-risking
management actions will be taken as necessary to maintain this buffer. No maximum limit on the GWS coverage ratio has been set. While the
GWS shareholder capital position is a key metric for assessing regulatory solvency, and for risk management, there are some elements of the
shareholder GWS capital surplus which will only become available as cash flow for distribution over time. The Group’s Free Surplus metric is a better

                                                                                                                                                           Governance
measure of the shareholder capital available for distribution, and is used as the primary metric for assessing the Group’s sources and uses of
capital in the Group’s capital management framework, and underpinning the Group’s dividend policy.
   At 31 December 2022, the Group’s Free Surplus stock (excluding distribution rights and other intangibles) was $8.4 billion, compared to the
GWS shareholder surplus of $15.6 billion and a reconciliation is shown below. A projection of expected Free Surplus generation for the next 40
years is shown in Section I(vi) of this Group’s 2022 annual report, for in-force business and separately for current year’s new business.
   The uses of capital, for both organic and inorganic opportunities, are assessed by reference to expected shareholder returns and payback
periods, relative to risk-adjusted hurdle rates which are set centrally.
   Reflecting the Group’s capital allocation priorities, a portion of the free surplus generated in each period will be retained for reinvestment in the




                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ remuneration report
business, and dividends will be determined primarily based on the Group’s operating free surplus generation after allowing for the capital strain of
writing new business and recurring central costs (on a right-sized basis). To the extent that free surplus arises which is not required to support
organic and inorganic growth opportunities, consideration will be given to returning capital to shareholders.
   Separate from the capital management framework applied for shareholder-owned capital, the capital held in ring-fenced with-profits funds
supports policyholder investment freedom, which increases expected returns for our with-profits funds’ customers. GWS policyholder capital
surplus is not available for distribution out of the ring-fenced funds other than as a defined proportion distributable to shareholders when
policyholder bonuses are declared. Policyholder fund capital surplus is deployed over time to increase investment risk in the with-profits funds in
order to target higher customer returns, or distributed as higher customer bonuses, in line with the specific with-profits bonus policies which apply
to each ring-fenced fund. The result of applying these policies is that the aggregate policyholder fund GPCR coverage ratio is typically lower than
the GPCR shareholder coverage ratio.
   The total GWS coverage ratio, which is an aggregate of the policyholder and shareholder capital positions, is therefore usually lower than the
shareholder coverage ratio, but also less sensitive in stress scenarios, as is shown in the GWS sensitivity analysis section above as at 31 December




                                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
2022. The total GWS coverage ratio is the Group’s regulatory solvency metric to which Group supervision applies, and this total regulatory
coverage ratio is managed to ensure it remains above the GPCR by applying separate shareholder and policyholder risk appetite limits, as
described above.

Analysis of movement in total regulatory GWS capital surplus (over GPCR)
A summary of the movement in the restated 31 December 2021 regulatory GWS capital surplus (over GPCR) of $21.4 billion to $18.1 billion at
31 December 2022 is set out in the table below.

                                                                                                                                              2022 $bn




                                                                                                                                                           European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Total GWS surplus at 1 Jan (over GPCR) (Post regulatory updates)                                                                                  21.4
Shareholder free surplus generation
  In force operating capital generation                                                                                                            2.0
  Investment in new business                                                                                                                      (0.6)
Total operating free surplus generation                                                                                                            1.4
  External dividends                                                                                                                              (0.5)
  Non-operating movements (including market movements)                                                                                            (1.9)
  Other capital movements (including foreign exchange movements)                                                                                  (0.5)
Movement in free surplus (see EEV basis results for further detail)                                                                               (1.5)
  Other movements in GWS shareholder surplus (not included in free surplus)                                                                       (0.4)
  Movement in contribution from GWS policyholder surplus (over GPCR)                                                                              (1.4)
Net movement in GWS capital surplus (over GPCR)                                                                                                   (3.3)
Total GWS surplus at 31 Dec (over GPCR)                                                                                                           18.1




                                                                                                                                                           Additional information
Further detail on the movement in free surplus of $(1.5) billion is included in the Financial review section of the Strategic report and in the
Movement in Group free surplus section of the Group’s EEV basis results. Other GWS movements which are not reflected in EEV Free Surplus relate
to a $(0.5) billion movement in the items in the Reconciliation of free surplus to GWS capital surplus presented below, partially offset by a
$0.1 billion benefit from the exclusion of the movement in distribution rights and other intangibles from the GWS surplus, as these are expensed
on day one under the GWS requirements.




                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   407
Additional unaudited financial information / continued




 I Additional financial information continued
I(i) Group capital position continued
Material changes in GMCR, GPCR, tier 1 group capital and eligible group capital resources
The GWS guidelines on external disclosures for supervised groups requires detail to be provided on any material changes in GPCR, GMCR, eligible
group capital resources and tier 1 group capital along with the reason for such changes.
> Total eligible capital resources has decreased by $(6.2) billion to $35.8 billion at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: $42.0 billion). This
  includes a $(4.0) billion decrease in tier 1 group capital to $17.4 billion (31 December 2021: $21.4 billion). The fall in total eligible capital
  resources and tier 1 group capital are primarily driven by market movements over the year, driven largely by falling equity markets and
  increasing interest rates, and external dividends paid partially offset by the positive contribution from operating capital generation.
> Total regulatory GPCR has decreased by $(2.9) billion to $17.7 billion at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: $20.6 billion) and the total
  regulatory GMCR has decreased by $(1.2) billion to $5.3 billion at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: $6.5 billion). The fall in GPCR and
  GMCR are primarily driven by market movements over the year and the release of capital as the policies mature or are surrendered, partially
  offset by an increase as a result of new business sold over the year.

Reconciliation of Free Surplus† to total regulatory GWS capital surplus (over GPCR)

                                                                                                                                                                   31 Dec 2022 $bn

                                                                                                                                                         Capital            Required
                                                                                                                                                       resources              capital              Surplus

Free surplus excluding distribution rights and other intangibles†                                                                                           13.9                  5.5                  8.4
Restrictions applied in free surplus for China C-ROSS II note (a)                                                                                            2.1                  1.5                  0.6
Restrictions applied in free surplus for HK RBC note (b)                                                                                                     5.3                  0.6                  4.7
Restrictions applied in free surplus for Singapore RBC note (c)                                                                                              1.9                  0.1                  1.8
Other                                                                                                                                                        0.0                 (0.1)                 0.1
Add GWS policyholder surplus contribution                                                                                                                   12.6                 10.1                  2.5
Total regulatory GWS capital surplus (over GPCR)                                                                                                            35.8                 17.7                18.1

†     As per the “Free surplus excluding distribution rights and other intangibles” shown in the statement of Movement in Group free surplus of the Group’s EEV basis results.

Notes
(a) Free surplus applies the embedded value reporting approach issued by the China Association of Actuaries (CAA) in the Chinese Mainland and includes a requirement to establish a deferred profit
      liability within EEV net worth which leads to a reduction in EEV free surplus as compared to the C-ROSS II surplus reported for local regulatory purposes. Further differences relate to the treatment
      of subordinated debt within CPL which is excluded from EEV free surplus and which contributes to C-ROSS II surplus for local regulatory reporting.
(b) EEV free surplus for Hong Kong under the HK RBC regime excludes regulatory surplus that is not considered distributable immediately. This includes HK RBC technical provisions that are lower
      than policyholder asset shares or cash surrender floors as well as the value of future shareholder transfers from participating business (net of associated required capital) which are included in the
      shareholder GWS capital position.
(c)   EEV free surplus for Singapore is based on the Tier 1 requirements under the RBC2 framework, which excludes certain negative reserves permitted to be recognised in the full RBC 2 regulatory
      position used when calculating the GWS capital surplus (over GPCR).




408                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                               prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                                Group overview




Reconciliation of Group IFRS shareholders’ equity to Group total GWS capital resources




                                                                                                                                                                                                                Strategic report
                                                                                                                                                                                             31 Dec 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                     $bn

Group IFRS shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                                                                      17.0
Remove DAC, goodwill and intangibles recognised on the IFRS statement of financial position                                                                                                          (7.8)
Add debt treated as capital under GWS note (a)                                                                                                                                                        4.0
Asset valuation differences note (b)                                                                                                                                                                 (0.3)
Liability valuation (including insurance contracts) differences note (c)                                                                                                                              9.2
Differences in associated net deferred tax liabilities note (d)                                                                                                                                       1.3
Other note (e)                                                                                                                                                                                       (0.2)
Contribution from Policyholder business                                                                                                                                                              12.6

                                                                                                                                                                                                                Governance
Group total GWS capital resources                                                                                                                                                                    35.8

Notes
(a) As per the GWS Framework, debt in issuance at the date of designation that satisfy the criteria for transitional arrangements and qualifying debt issued since the date of designation are included
      as Group capital resources but are treated as liabilities under IFRS.
(b) Asset valuation differences reflect differences in the basis of valuing assets between IFRS and local statutory valuation rules, including deductions for inadmissible assets. Differences include for
      some markets where government and corporate bonds are valued at book value under local regulations but are valued at market value under IFRS.
(c)   Liability valuation differences reflect differences in the basis of valuing liabilities between IFRS and local statutory valuation rules. Material differences include in Hong Kong, Singapore and the
      Chinese Mainland where the local capital resources under the local risk-based capital solvency bases permits the recognition of certain negative reserves in the local statutory position that are not




                                                                                                                                                                                                                Directors’ remuneration report
      fully recognised under IFRS. This also includes the present value of future shareholder transfers from Hong Kong participating business which is included as an asset within the GWS capital resources.
(d) Differences in associated net deferred tax liabilities mainly results from the tax impact of changes in the valuation of assets and liabilities.
(e)   Other differences include the removal of DAC and intangibles of the Group’s joint ventures and associates and, in Chinese Mainland, a difference from the inclusion of subordinated debt as local
      capital resources on a C-ROSS II basis as compared to being held as a liability under IFRS.

Basis of preparation for the Group GWS capital position
Prudential applies the Insurance (Group Capital) Rules set out in the GWS Framework to determine group regulatory capital requirements (both
minimum and prescribed levels). The summation of local statutory capital requirements across the Group is used to determine group regulatory
capital requirements, with no allowance for diversification between business operations. The GWS eligible group capital resources is determined
by the summation of capital resources across local solvency regimes for regulated entities and IFRS shareholders’ equity (with adjustments
described below) for non-regulated entities.
  In determining the GWS eligible group capital resources and required capital the following principles have been applied:
> For regulated insurance entities, capital resources and required capital are based on the local solvency regime applicable in each jurisdiction,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                Financial statements
  with minimum required capital set at the solo legal entity statutory minimum capital requirements and prescribed capital requirement set at
  the level at which the local regulator of a given entity can impose penalties, sanctions or intervention measures;
> The classification of tiering of eligible capital resources under the GWS framework reflects the different local regulatory regimes along with
  guidance issued by the Hong Kong IA. In general, if a local regulatory regime applies a tiering approach then this should be used to determine
  tiering of capital on a GWS capital basis, where a local regulatory regime does not apply a tiering approach then all capital resources should be
  included as Group Tier 1 capital. For non-regulated entities tiering of capital is determined in line with the Insurance (Group Capital) Rules.
> For asset management operations and other regulated entities, the capital position is derived based on the sectoral basis applicable in each
  jurisdiction, with minimum required capital based on the solo legal entity statutory minimum capital requirement;
> For non-regulated entities, the capital resources are based on IFRS shareholder equity after deducting intangible assets. No required capital is




                                                                                                                                                                                                                European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
  held in respect of unregulated entities;
> For entities where the Group’s shareholding is less than 100 per cent, the contribution of the entity to the GWS eligible group capital resources
  and required capital represents the Group’s share of these amounts and excludes any amounts attributable to non-controlling interests. This
  does not apply to investment holdings which are not part of the Group;
> Following the demerger of Jackson from Prudential plc in September 2021, the Group retains a non-controlling interest in Jackson. As agreed
  with the Hong Kong IA, this retained interest is included within the GWS eligible group capital resources valued at 60 per cent of the listed
  market value and contributes $0.2 billion to the GWS capital surplus (over GPCR) at 31 December 2022;
> Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates (including, if any, loans that are recognised as capital on the receiving entity’s balance
  sheet) are eliminated from the relevant holding company to prevent the double counting of capital resources;
> Under the GWS Framework, debt instruments in issuance at the date of designation that satisfy the criteria for transitional arrangements and
  qualifying debt issued since the date of designation are included in eligible group capital resources as tier 2 group capital. At 31 December 2022
  all debt instruments with the exception of the senior debt issued in 2022 are included as Group capital resources. The eligible amount permitted
  to be included as Group capital resources for transitional debt is based on the net proceeds amount translated using 31 December 2020
  exchange rates for debt not denominated in US dollars;
> The total company GWS capital basis is the capital measure for Hong Kong IA Group regulatory purposes as set out in the GWS framework. This




                                                                                                                                                                                                                Additional information
  framework defines the eligible group capital resources coverage ratio (or total company GWS coverage ratio over GPCR as presented above) as
  the ratio of total company eligible group capital resources to the total company GPCR and defines the tier 1 group capital coverage ratio (or
  total company GWS tier 1 coverage ratio over GMCR as presented above) as the ratio of total company tier 1 group capital to the total company
  GMCR; and
> Prudential also presents a shareholder GWS capital basis which excludes the contribution to the Group GWS eligible group capital resources, the
  GMCR and GPCR from participating business in Hong Kong, Singapore and Malaysia. In Hong Kong the present value of future shareholder
  transfers from the participating business are included in the shareholder GWS eligible capital resources along with an associated required
  capital, this is in line with the local solvency presentation. The shareholder GWS coverage ratio over GPCR presented above reflects the ratio of
  shareholder eligible group capital resources to the shareholder GPCR.
                                                                                                                                           Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                409
Additional unaudited financial information / continued




 I Additional financial information continued
I(ii) Analysis of adjusted operating profit by driver
This schedule classifies the Group’s adjusted operating profit into the underlying drivers using the following categories:
> Spread income represents the difference between net investment income and amounts credited to certain policyholder accounts. It excludes
  the operating investment return on shareholder net assets, which has been separately disclosed as expected return on shareholder assets.
> Fee income represents profit driven by net investment performance, being fees that vary with the size of the underlying policyholder funds, net
  of investment management expenses.
> With-profits represents the pre-tax shareholders’ transfer from the with-profits business for the period.
> Insurance margin primarily represents profit derived from the insurance risks of mortality and morbidity.
> Margin on revenues primarily represents amounts deducted from premiums to cover acquisition costs and administration expenses (see
  below).
> Acquisition costs and administration expenses represent expenses incurred in the period attributable to shareholders. These exclude items
  such as restructuring and IFRS 17 implementation costs, which are not included in the segment profit, as well as items that are more
  appropriately included in other categories (eg investment expenses are netted against investment income as part of spread income or fee
  income as appropriate).
> DAC adjustments comprise DAC amortisation for the period, excluding amounts related to short-term fluctuations in investment returns, net
  of costs deferred in respect of new business written in the period.
The following analysis expresses certain of the Group’s sources of adjusted operating profit as a margin of policyholder liabilities or other relevant
drivers. The 2021 comparative information has been presented at both AER and CER to eliminate the impact of exchange translation.

                                                                      2022                                             2021 AER                                              2021 CER
                                                                      Average                                              Average                                              Average
                                                        Profit        liability          Margin              Profit        liability          Margin              Profit        liability          Margin
                                                          $m               $m                bps               $m               $m                bps               $m               $m                bps
                                                                       note (a)          note (b)                           note (a)          note (b)                           note (a)          note (b)

Spread income                                           307           42,722                 72               312           47,270               66                299           46,137                65
Fee income                                              331           32,295                102               345           33,401              103                329           32,062               103
With-profits                                            160           81,405                 20               135           84,905               16                133           84,435                16
Insurance margin                                      3,219                                                 2,897                                                2,795
Margin on revenues                                    3,194                                                 3,008                                                2,881
Expenses:
   Acquisition costs note (c)                         (2,346)          4,393             (53)%             (2,085)           4,194            (50)%             (2,000)           4,013            (50)%
   Administration expenses                            (1,732)         75,354              (230)            (1,656)          80,968             (205)            (1,581)          78,472             (201)
   DAC adjustments                                       554                                                  566                                                  545
Expected return on shareholder
   assets                                                235                                                  231                                                   224
                                                       3,922                                                3,753                                                3,625
Share of related tax charges from
  joint ventures and associates note (d)                  (76)                                                 (44)                                                 (42)
Long-term business                                     3,846                                                3,709                                                3,583
Eastspring                                               260                                                  314                                                  299
Adjusted operating profit                              4,106                                                4,023                                                3,882

Notes
(a) The calculation of average liabilities is generally derived from opening and closing balances, except the average liabilities used to derive fee income margin which is calculated using quarter-end
      balances to provide a more meaningful analysis. Other than the average liabilities used to calculate the administration expense margin, the average liabilities in the analysis above exclude the
      liabilities for the Africa operations.
(b) Margin represents the operating return earned in the year as a proportion of the relevant class of policyholder liabilities excluding unallocated surplus.
(c)   The ratio of acquisition costs is calculated as a percentage of APE sales in the year, including with-profits sales. Acquisition costs include only those relating to shareholder-backed business. The
      ratio of shareholder acquisition costs to shareholder APE sales (excluding with-profits) in 2022 is 62 per cent (2021: 61 per cent on both AER and CER basis).
(d) Under IFRS, the Group’s share of results from its investments in joint ventures and associates accounted for using the equity method is included as a single line in the Group’s profit before tax on a
      net of related tax basis. In the table above, the results of the joint ventures and associates are analysed by adjusted operating profit drivers and on a pre-tax basis, with related tax charges shown
      separately in order for the contribution from the joint ventures and associates to be included in the profit driver and margin analysis on a consistent basis with the rest of the business operations.




410                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                              prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Group overview




I(iii) Analysis of adjusted operating profit by business unit
The table below presents the 2021 results on both AER and CER bases to eliminate the impact of exchange translation.



                                                                                                                                                                                                       Strategic report
                                                                                                      2022 $m                    2021 $m                              2022 vs 2021 %

                                                                                                                                 AER                 CER                  AER                 CER

CPL                                                                                                        368                   343                329                   7%                 12%
Hong Kong                                                                                                1,036                   975                969                   6%                  7%
Indonesia                                                                                                  343                   446                429                (23)%               (20)%
Malaysia                                                                                                   364                   350                330                   4%                 10%
Singapore                                                                                                  678                   663                646                   2%                  5%
Growth markets and other


                                                                                                                                                                                                       Governance
   Philippines                                                                                             112                   110                100                   2%                 12%
   Taiwan                                                                                                   93                    94                 88                 (1)%                  6%
   Thailand                                                                                                266                   236                215                 13%                  24%
   Vietnam                                                                                                 327                   317                310                   3%                  5%
   Other *                                                                                                 335                   219                210                 53%                  60%
   Share of related tax charges from joint ventures and associate                                          (76)                  (44)               (42)                73%                  81%
Long-term business                                                                                       3,846                3,709               3,584                   4%                  7%
Eastspring                                                                                                 260                  314                 299                (17)%               (13)%
Adjusted operating profit                                                                                4,106                4,023               3,883                   2%                  6%




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Directors’ remuneration report
*     Includes other growth markets and a number of small items that are not expected to reoccur.

(a) Eastspring adjusted operating profit

                                                                                                                                                                    2022 $m              2021 $m

Operating income before performance-related fees note (1)                                                                                                                660                 747
Performance-related fees                                                                                                                                                   1                  15
Operating income (net of commission) note (2)                                                                                                                            661                 762
Operating expense note (2)                                                                                                                                              (360)               (403)
Group’s share of tax on joint ventures’ operating profit                                                                                                                 (41)                (45)




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Financial statements
Adjusted operating profit                                                                                                                                               260                314
Average funds managed or advised by Eastspring                                                                                                                     $229.4bn           $251.7bn
Margin based on operating income note (3)                                                                                                                             29bps              30bps
Cost/income ratio note II(v)                                                                                                                                           55%                54%

Notes
(1) Operating income before performance-related fees for Eastspring can be further analysed as follows (institutional below includes internal funds under management or under advice):

                                                                                                         Retail         Margin Institutional             Margin             Total         Margin




                                                                                                                                                                                                       European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                                                                                           $m              bps           $m                 bps               $m             bps

      2022                                                                                                392               54             268               17             660                29
      2021                                                                                                449               56             298                17            747                30

(2)   Operating income and expense include the Group’s share of contribution from joint ventures. In the consolidated income statement of the Group IFRS financial results, the net income after tax
      of the joint ventures and associates is shown as a single line item.
(3)   Margin represents operating income before performance-related fees as a proportion of the related funds under management or advice. Monthly closing internal and external funds managed or
      advised by Eastspring have been used to derive the average. Any funds held by the Group’s insurance operations that are not managed or advised by Eastspring are excluded from these
      amounts.




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Additional information




                                                                                                                                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022              411
Additional unaudited financial information / continued




 I Additional financial information continued
I(iii) Analysis of adjusted operating profit by business unit continued
(b) Eastspring total funds under management or advice
Eastspring manages funds from external parties and also funds for the Group’s insurance operations. In addition, Eastspring advises on certain
funds for the Group’s insurance operations where the investment management is delegated to third-party investment managers. The table below
analyses the total funds managed or advised by Eastspring.

                                                                                                                                                             31 Dec 2022       31 Dec 2021
                                                                                                                                                                     $bn               $bn

External funds under management, excluding funds managed on behalf of M&G plc note (1)
  Retail                                                                                                                                                           60.1                68.5
  Institutional                                                                                                                                                    11.3                13.2
  Money market funds (MMF)                                                                                                                                         10.5                12.3
                                                                                                                                                                   81.9                94.0
Funds managed on behalf of M&G plc note (2)                                                                                                                         9.3                11.5

External funds under management                                                                                                                                    91.2              105.5
Internal funds:
   Internal funds under management                                                                                                                               104.1               124.2
   Internal funds under advice                                                                                                                                    26.1                28.8
                                                                                                                                                                 130.2               153.0
Total funds under management or advice note (3)                                                                                                                  221.4               258.5

Notes
(1) Movements in external funds under management, excluding those managed on behalf of M&G plc, are analysed below:
                                                                                                                                                                2022 $m            2021 $m

      At 1 Jan                                                                                                                                                  93,956               93,863
      Market gross inflows                                                                                                                                      81,942               98,963
      Redemptions                                                                                                                                             (84,397)             (99,862)
      Market and other movements                                                                                                                               (9,552)                  992
      At 31 Dec                                                                                                                                                 81,949              93,956

      *     The analysis of movements above includes $10,495 million relating to Asia Money Market Funds at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: $12,248 million). Investment flows for 2022
            include Eastspring Money Market Funds gross inflows of $61,063 million (2021: $61,949 million) and net outflows of $(869) million (2021: net outflows of $(1,512) million).

(2)   Movements in funds managed on behalf of M&G plc are analysed below:
                                                                                                                                                                2022 $m            2021 $m

      At 1 Jan                                                                                                                                                  11,529              15,737
      Net flows                                                                                                                                                   (765)             (4,040)
      Market and other movements                                                                                                                                (1,529)               (168)
      At 31 Dec                                                                                                                                                  9,235              11,529

(3)   Total funds under management or advice are analysed by asset class below:
                                                                                                    31 Dec 2022                                                      31 Dec 2021

                                                                     Funds under                    Funds under
                                                                     management                       advice                           Total                               Total

                                                                       $bn        % of total          $bn       % of total           $bn        % of total             $bn         % of total

      Equity                                                          92.9           42%             7.8             4%           100.7             46%             107.1              41%
      Fixed income                                                    86.4           39%            18.3             8%           104.7             47%             133.6              52%
      Alternatives                                                     2.4            1%               –              –             2.4              1%               2.7               1%
      Money Market Funds                                              13.6            6%               –              –            13.6              6%              15.1               6%
      Total funds                                                   195.3            88%            26.1            12%           221.4           100%              258.5            100%




412                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                   prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Group overview




I(iv) Group funds under management
For Prudential’s asset management businesses, funds managed on behalf of third parties are not recorded on the balance sheet. They are,



                                                                                                                                                                                                       Strategic report
however, a driver of profitability. Prudential therefore analyses the movement in the funds under management each year, focusing on those which
are external to the Group and those primarily held by the Group’s insurance businesses. The table below analyses the funds of the Group held in
the balance sheet and the external funds that are managed by Prudential’s asset management businesses.

                                                                                                                                                                  31 Dec 2022         31 Dec 2021
                                                                                                                                                                          $bn                 $bn

Internal funds                                                                                                                                                          168.6               193.9
Eastspring external funds, including M&G plc (as analysed in note I(iii) above)                                                                                          91.2               105.5
Total Group funds under management note                                                                                                                                 259.8               299.4

Note                                                                                                                                                                                                   Governance
Total Group funds under management comprise:
                                                                                                                                                                  31 Dec 2022         31 Dec 2021
                                                                                                                                                                          $bn                 $bn

Total investments and cash and cash equivalents held on the balance sheet                                                                                               151.5               177.9
External funds of Eastspring including M&G plc                                                                                                                           91.2               105.5
Internally managed funds held in joint ventures and associates, excluding assets attributable to external unit holders of the
   consolidated collective investment schemes and other adjustments                                                                                                       17.1                16.0




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Directors’ remuneration report
Total Group funds under management                                                                                                                                      259.8               299.4

I(v) Holding company cash flow
The holding company cash flow describes the movement in the cash and short-term investments of the centrally managed group holding
companies and differs from the IFRS cash flow statement, which includes all cash flows in the year including those relating to both policyholder
and shareholder funds. The holding company cash flow is therefore a more meaningful indication of the Group’s central liquidity.

                                                                                                                                                                      2022 $m             2021 $m

Net cash remitted by business units             note (a)                                                                                                                1,304               1,451
Net interest paid                                                                                                                                                        (204)               (314)
Corporate expenditure note (b)                                                                                                                                           (232)               (322)




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Financial statements
Centrally funded recurring bancassurance fees                                                                                                                            (220)               (176)
Total central outflows                                                                                                                                                   (656)                (812)
Holding company cash flow before dividends and other movements                                                                                                            648                  639
Dividends paid                                                                                                                                                           (474)                (421)
Operating holding company cash flow after dividends but before other movements                                                                                            174                 218
Other movements
  Issuance and redemption of debt                                                                                                                                      (1,729)               (255)
  Hong Kong public offer and international placing                                                                                                                          –               2,374
  Other corporate activities note (c)                                                                                                                                     248                (199)




                                                                                                                                                                                                       European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
  US demerger costs                                                                                                                                                         –                 (30)
Total other movements                                                                                                                                                  (1,481)              1,890
Net movement in holding company cash flow                                                                                                                              (1,307)              2,108
Cash and short-term investments at 1 Jan note (d)                                                                                                                       3,572               1,463
Foreign exchange movements                                                                                                                                               (113)                  1
Inclusion of amounts at 31 Dec from additional centrally managed entities note (e)                                                                                        905                   –
Cash and short-term investments at 31 Dec note (e)                                                                                                                      3,057               3,572

Notes
(a) Net cash remitted by business units comprise dividends and other transfers, net of capital injections, that are reflective of earnings and capital generation.
(b) Including IFRS 17 implementation and restructuring costs paid in the year.
(c)   Other cash flow movements included net receipts from other corporate activities of $248 million (2021: $(256) million net payments) comprising proceeds of $315 million (2021: $171 million)
      received from the sales of shares in Jackson together with dividends from Jackson, partially offset by cash provided for investment by the businesses mainly in digital infrastructure.
(d) Proceeds from the Group’s commercial paper programme are not included in the holding company cash and short-term investments balance.
(e)   The definition of holding company cash and short-term investments has been updated, with effect from 31 December 2022, following the combination of the Group’s London office and Asia
      regional office into a single Group Head Office in 2022. This updated definition includes all cash and short-term investments held by central holding and service companies, including amounts
      previously managed on a regional basis. These balances are now being centrally managed by the Group’s Treasury function. This refinement increased holding company cash and short-term
      investment balances by $0.9 billion at 31 December 2022.




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Additional information
      The table below shows the reconciliation of the Cash and cash equivalents of Unallocated to a segment (Central operations) held on the IFRS balance sheet and Cash and short-term
      investments at 31 December 2022:
                                                                                                                                                                                31 Dec 2022 $m

      Cash and cash equivalents of Central operations held on balance sheet note C1                                                                                                         1,809
      Less: amounts from commercial paper                                                                                                                                                    (501)
      Add: Deposits with credit institutions of Central operations held on balance sheet note C1                                                                                            1,749
      Cash and short-term investments                                                                                                                                                       3,057


                                                                                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022              413
Additional unaudited financial information / continued




    I Additional financial information continued
I(vi) Reconciliation of EEV expected transfer of value of in-force business and required capital to free surplus
The table below shows how the EEV value of in-force business (VIF) and the associated required capital for long-term insurance business
operations are projected as emerging into free surplus over the next 40 years. Although circa 6 per cent of the embedded value emerges after this
date, analysis of cash flows emerging in the years shown is considered most meaningful. The modelled cash flows use the same methodology
underpinning the Group’s embedded value reporting and so are subject to the same assumptions and sensitivities used to prepare our 2022
results.
   In addition to showing the amounts, on both a discounted and undiscounted basis, expected to be generated from all in-force business at
31 December 2022, the table also presents the future free surplus expected to be generated from the investment made in new business during
2022 over the same 40-year period.

                                                                                                                                                  31 Dec 2022 $m

                                                                                                                                    Long-term insurance business operations

                                                                                                                      Expected generation from all            Expected generation from new
                                                                                                                           in-force business*                   business written in 2022*

Expected period of emergence                                                                                          Undiscounted          Discounted         Undiscounted          Discounted

2023                                                                                                                          2,658               2,548                  352                 336
2024                                                                                                                          2,327               2,089                  227                 200
2025                                                                                                                          2,201               1,857                  204                 170
2026                                                                                                                          2,155               1,710                  174                 138
2027                                                                                                                          2,087               1,560                  188                 138
2028                                                                                                                          2,010               1,416                  181                 125
2029                                                                                                                          1,946               1,292                  161                 105
2030                                                                                                                          1,905               1,191                  153                  93
2031                                                                                                                          1,884               1,107                  146                  83
2032                                                                                                                          1,857               1,032                  158                  85
2033                                                                                                                          1,858                 969                  159                  79
2034                                                                                                                          1,843                 910                  148                  69
2035                                                                                                                          1,860                 868                  154                  68
2036                                                                                                                          1,867                 825                  142                  60
2037                                                                                                                          1,877                 788                  158                  62
2038                                                                                                                          1,888                 749                  137                  51
2039                                                                                                                          1,924                 720                  136                  49
2040                                                                                                                          1,947                 688                  139                  47
2041                                                                                                                          1,953                 653                  136                  44
2042                                                                                                                          1,943                 614                  145                  44
2043-2047                                                                                                                     9,769               2,594                  695                 183
2048-2052                                                                                                                     9,986               1,951                  687                 134
2053-2057                                                                                                                     9,842               1,382                  648                  98
2058-2062                                                                                                                     9,929                 983                  637                  72
Total free surplus expected to emerge in the next 40 years                                                                  79,516              30,496                 6,065               2,533

*     The analysis excludes amounts incorporated into VIF and required capital at 31 December 2022 where there is no definitive time frame for when the payments will be made or receipts received.
      It also excludes any free surplus projected to emerge after 2062.




414                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                        prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Group overview




The expected free surplus generation from new business written in 2022 can be reconciled to the new business profit as follows:




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Strategic report
                                                                                                                                                                                       2022 $m

Undiscounted expected free surplus generation for years 2023 to 2062                                                                                                                     6,065
Less: discount effect                                                                                                                                                                   (3,532)
Discounted expected free surplus generation for years 2023 to 2062                                                                                                                       2,533
Discounted expected free surplus generation for years after 2062                                                                                                                           135
Discounted expected free surplus generation from new business written in 2022                                                                                                            2,668
Free surplus investment in new business                                                                                                                                                   (567)
Other items*                                                                                                                                                                                83


                                                                                                                                                                                                   Governance
New business profit                                                                                                                                                                      2,184

*     Other items represent the impact of the TVOG on new business, foreign exchange effects and other non-modelled items. Foreign exchange effects arise as EEV new business profit amounts are
      translated at average exchange rates and the expected free surplus generation is translated at closing rates.


The discounted expected free surplus generation from in-force business can be reconciled to the embedded value for long-term business
operations as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                               31 Dec 2022 $m




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Directors’ remuneration report
Discounted expected generation from all in-force business for years 2023 to 2062                                                                                                        30,496
Discounted expected generation from all in-force business for years after 2062                                                                                                           2,152
Discounted expected generation from all in-force business at 31 December 2022                                                                                                           32,648
Free surplus of long-term business operations at 31 December 2022                                                                                                                        6,035
Other items*                                                                                                                                                                               174
EEV for long-term business operations                                                                                                                                                   38,857

*     Other items represent the impact of the TVOG and other non-modelled items.


The undiscounted expected free surplus generation from all in-force business at 31 December 2022 can be reconciled to the amount that was
expected to be generated at 31 December 2021 as follows:




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial statements
                                                                 2022 $m           2023 $m        2024 $m          2025 $m         2026 $m          2027 $m          Other $m          Total $m

2021 expected free surplus generation for years
  2022 to 2061                                                      2,343           2,267            2,155           2,014            2,034           1,978           53,604            66,395
Less: Amounts expected to be realised in the
  current year                                                     (2,343)                –                –               –                –               –                 –         (2,343)
Add: Expected free surplus to be generated in
  year 2062 (excluding 2022 new business)                                 –              –               –               –                –               –             1,101            1,101
Foreign exchange differences                                              –            (93)            (85)            (72)             (70)            (66)           (1,242)          (1,628)
New business                                                              –            352             227             204              174             188             4,920            6,065




                                                                                                                                                                                                   European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Operating movements                                                       –             48             (14)             39               20             (35)
Non-operating and other movements*                                        –             84              44              16               (3)             22             9,705            9,926
2022 expected free surplus generation for years
  2023 to 2062                                                            –         2,658            2,327           2,201            2,155           2,087           68,088            79,516

*	   ‘Non-operating and other movements’ include the impact of the early adoption of the Hong Kong Risk-based Capital (HK RBC) regime, effective from 1 January 2022. Further details can be
      found in the Basis of Preparation in the EEV basis results.




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Additional information




                                                                                                                                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022             415
Additional unaudited financial information / continued




I Additional financial information continued
I(vi) Reconciliation of EEV expected transfer of value of in-force business and required capital to free surplus continued
At 31 December 2022, the total free surplus expected to be generated over the next five years (2023 to 2027 inclusive) for long-term business
operations, using the same assumptions and methodology as those underpinning 2022 embedded value reporting, was $11.4 billion
(31 December 2021: $10.8 billion).
   At 31 December 2022, the total free surplus expected to be generated on an undiscounted basis over the next 40 years for long-term business
operations is $79.5 billion, $13.1 billion higher than the $66.4 billion expected at the end of 2021. The increase is driven by new business and the
effect of generally higher interest rates across the region increasing projected returns, partially offset by unfavourable foreign exchange
movements.
   Actual underlying free surplus generated in 2022 from long-term business in force at the end of 2021, before restructuring and IFRS 17
implementation costs, was $2.5 billion, after allowing for $(0.2) billion of changes in operating assumptions and experience variances. This
compares with the expected 2022 realisation at the end of 2021 of $2.3 billion and can be analysed further as follows:

                                                                                                                                               2022 $m

Expected transfer from in-force business to free surplus                                                                                         2,406
Expected return on existing free surplus                                                                                                           347
Changes in operating assumptions and experience variances                                                                                         (227)
Underlying free surplus generated from long-term business in force before restructuring and IFRS 17 implementation costs                         2,526

2022 free surplus expected to be generated at 31 December 2021                                                                                   2,343

I(vii) Share schemes
The Company operates a number of share schemes and plans which are described below. The purpose of these arrangements are to incentivise
and retain eligible employees of the Group or, in the case of the Agency LTIP and the ISSOSNE, eligible agents based in certain business units of
the Group through the grant of options over, and awards of, shares in Prudential plc. Participants are not required to pay anything on application
for or acceptance of any awards or options granted to them.
   The number of Prudential plc shares which may be issued to satisfy awards or options granted in any ten-year rolling period under these plans
and any other share scheme adopted by Prudential plc and its subsidiaries may not exceed 10 per cent of the issued ordinary share capital
of Prudential plc from time to time. In addition, the number of Prudential plc shares which may be issued to satisfy awards or options granted in
any ten-year rolling period under any scheme or plan in which Executive Directors participate or any other discretionary employee share scheme
adopted by Prudential plc and its subsidiaries may not exceed 5 per cent of the issued ordinary share capital of Prudential plc and its subsidiaries
from time to time. Prudential plc shares transferred out of treasury will count towards these limits for so long as this is required under institutional
shareholder guidelines.
   As at 1 January 2022 and 31 December 2022, the shareholder dilution under all share schemes adopted by Prudential plc and its subsidiaries
represented 0.81 per cent and 0.66 per cent of the issued ordinary share capital of Prudential plc respectively (the 'Scheme Mandate'). Accordingly,
the number of Prudential plc shares available for issue in respect of all options and awards under the Scheme Mandate at the beginning and the
end of the year ended 31 December 2022 were 252,358,711 and 256,825,059 respectively.
   The number of Prudential plc shares that may be issued in respect of share options and awards granted under all share option schemes and
share award schemes during the year ended 31 December 2022 divided by the weighted average number of Prudential plc shares in issue for the
year ended 31 December 2022 is 0.22 per cent.
   The weighted average share price of Prudential plc for the year ended 31 December 2022 was £10.33 (2021: £14.31).
   Prudential calculates the fair value of options and awards in accordance with the applicable accounting standards and policies adopted for
preparing the consolidated financial statements. More detail on the methodology and assumptions used is given in note B2.2 to the IFRS financial
statements.
   No payment is payable on application for, or acceptance of, any award made under any of the share schemes or plans operated by the
Company.




416               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                     prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                Group overview




Share schemes funded by new shares of Prudential
The arrangements in operation which are funded by new issue shares of Prudential plc are the Prudential Long Term Incentive Plan (PLTIP), the



                                                                                                                                                                                Strategic report
Prudential Agency Long-Term Incentive Plan (Agency LTIP), the UK Savings-Related Share Option Scheme (UK SAYE) and the Prudential
International Savings-Related Share Option Scheme for Non-Employees (ISSOSNE).

Share scheme and    Total number of shares          Maximum entitlement                  Vesting period             Exercise period and basis of            Remaining life of
participants        available for issue under the   of each participant                                             determining exercise price              the scheme
                    scheme

PLTIP               The total number of             Awards will not be granted over      Normally three years       Not applicable.                         The existing
                    securities available for        Prudential plc shares with a         from grant. Awards                                                 PLTIP is due to
Any employee of
                    issue under the scheme is       market value in excess of 550%       may vest earlier upon                                              expire on
a Group
                    4,065,491 which                 of salary, in respect of any         a takeover of                                                      16 May 2023.


                                                                                                                                                                                Governance
Company may be
                    represents 0.148 per cent       financial year of the Company.       Prudential plc or if a                                             A replacement
selected to be
                    of the issued share capital                                          participant leaves                                                 plan will be
granted an                                          The replacement PLTIP to be
                    at 31 December 2022.                                                 with good-leaver                                                   submitted for
award.                                              submitted for shareholder
                                                                                         status or passes away.                                             shareholder
                                                    approval at the 2023 AGM will
                                                                                                                                                            approval at
                                                    additionally require that no
                                                                                                                                                            the 2023
                                                    awards be granted if it will cause
                                                                                                                                                            AGM.
                                                    the Prudential plc shares over
                                                    which all awards or options
                                                    granted to a participant in any




                                                                                                                                                                                Directors’ remuneration report
                                                    12-month period to exceed
                                                    one per cent of Prudential plc’s
                                                    ordinary share capital.

Agency LTIP       The total number of               The rules of the Agency LTIP will    Normally three years       One month from vesting (or two          The amended
                  securities available for          be submitted for shareholder         from grant. Awards         months if an extension is agreed        Agency LTIP
Any Agent, who is
                  issue under the scheme is         approval at the 2023 AGM and         may vest earlier upon      with Prudential).                       will be
a person who
                  2,814,039 which                   will require that no awards be       a takeover of                                                      submitted for
provides sales                                                                                                      The exercise price is the nominal
                  represents 0.102 per cent         granted if it would cause the        Prudential plc or if a                                             shareholder
services to any                                                                                                     value of a Prudential plc share.
                  of the issued share capital       Prudential plc shares over which     participant leaves                                                 approval at
Group Company
                  at 31 December 2022.              all awards or options are granted    with good-leaver                                                   the 2023 AGM
under a contract
                                                    to a participant in any 12-month     status or passes away.                                             and will expire
for services,
                                                    period to exceed one per cent of                                                                        on the tenth
excluding any




                                                                                                                                                                                Financial statements
                                                    Prudential plc’s ordinary share                                                                         anniversary of
connected
                                                    capital.                                                                                                the date of
person, may be
                                                                                                                                                            approval.
selected to be
granted an
Award.

UK SAYE             The total number of             Options will not be granted if it    Normally three or five     Six months from the conclusion of       The existing
                    securities available for        would result in the participant’s    years (depending on        the savings contract the participant    UK SAYE is due
Any employee
                    issue under the scheme is       monthly contributions to the UK      the length of the          enters into in connection with the      to expire on
can participate
                    142,304 which represents        SAYE exceeding £500.                 relevant savings           UK SAYE.                                16 May 2023.




                                                                                                                                                                                European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
who meets the
                    0.005 per cent of the                                                contract selected by                                               A replacement
definition of                                       The replacement UK SAYE to be                                   Options may be exercisable for a
                    issued share capital at                                              the participant).                                                  plan will be
eligible                                            submitted for shareholder                                       period of 12 months if a participant
                    31 December 2022.                                                    Options may be                                                     submitted for
employee, as                                        approval at the 2023 AGM will                                   passes away.
                                                                                         exercised early if there                                           shareholder
defined by the                                      additionally require that no
                                                                                         is a takeover of           The price per share payable on the      approval at
relevant UK tax                                     options be granted if it would
                                                                                         Prudential plc or a        exercise of an option will be           the 2023
legislation.                                        cause the Prudential plc shares
                                                                                         participant leaves         determined by the Board and will be     AGM.
                                                    over which all awards or options
                                                                                         with good leaver           no less than 80 per cent of the
                                                    are granted to a participant in
                                                                                         status or passes away.     average share price of Prudential plc
                                                    any 12 months period to exceed
                                                                                                                    for the three dealing days before the
                                                    one per cent of Prudential plc’s
                                                                                                                    issue of invitations to employees to
                                                    ordinary share capital.
                                                                                                                    participate in the UK SAYE.

ISSOSNE             The total number of             Options will not be granted if it    Normally three years       Six months from vesting, though         The ISSOSNE
                    securities available for        would result in the participant’s    from grant, though         options may be exercisable for a        is due to expire
Any agent can
                    issue under the scheme is       monthly contributions to the         the Board may              period of 12 months if a participant    on 26 May
participate who
                    1,715,988 which represents      ISSOSNE exceeding the local          determine an               passes away.                            2032.
has been
                    0.062 per cent of the           currency equivalent of £500 or if    alternative period




                                                                                                                                                                                Additional information
continuously                                                                                                        The price per share payable on the
                    issued share capital at         it would cause the Prudential plc    depending on the
engaged under a                                                                                                     exercise of an option will be
                    31 December 2022.               shares over which all awards or      length of the relevant
contract for                                                                                                        determined by the Board and will be
                                                    options are granted to a             savings contract the
service by a                                                                                                        no less than 80 per cent of the
                                                    participant in any 12-month          participant enters into
Participating                                                                                                       average share price of Prudential plc
                                                    period to exceed one per cent of     in connection with the
Company for at                                                                                                      for the three dealing days before the
                                                    Prudential plc’s ordinary share      ISSOSNE.
least six months.                                                                                                   issue of invitations to agents to
                                                    capital.
                                                                                                                    participate in the ISSOSNE.



                                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022       417
Additional unaudited financial information / continued




 I Additional financial information continued
I(vii) Share schemes continued
The following analysis shows the movement in each share plan for the year ended 31 December 2022:

(a) PLTIP

                                              Fair value at                                                                                                                Weighted
           Vesting period                     grant date £                                       Number of shares under awards                                            avg closing
                                                                                                                                                                          share price
                                                                                                                                                          Closing share       before
                              Vesting       PLTIP       PLTIP         Beginning                                                     Lapsed/         End    price before      vesting
Date of grant                   date          TSR        IFRS            of year         Granted            Vested Cancelled       Forfeited    of year    grant date £        date £

04 Apr 18                 04 Apr 21          6.65      17.50            12,181                –          (12,181)            –            –          –            n/a         12.99
18 Sep 18                 18 Sep 21          4.34      16.64               369                –                –             –         (369)         –            n/a           n/a
02 Apr 19                 02 Apr 22          6.31      16.06         1,591,572                –         (351,459)            –   (1,240,113)         –            n/a         11.25
14 Jun 19                 14 Jun 22          6.03      16.02            28,289                –          (17,799)            –      (10,490)         –            n/a          9.77
28 Jun 19                 28 Jun 22          6.83      16.79            12,995                –                –             –      (12,995)         –            n/a           n/a
09 Apr 20                 09 Apr 23          4.71      10.47         1,350,688                –           (6,174)            –      (91,818) 1,252,696            n/a         12.99
15 May 20                15 May 23           5.37      10.50           802,234                –                –             –     (106,892) 695,342              n/a           n/a
24 Jun 20                 24 Jun 23          4.89      11.78            11,797                –                –             –       (5,120)     6,677            n/a           n/a
07 Apr 21                 07 Apr 24          8.37      15.67           371,885                –                –             –      (39,305) 332,580              n/a           n/a
21 Apr 21                 21 Apr 24          7.39      14.93           125,282                –                –             –      (12,137) 113,145              n/a           n/a
17 May 21                17 May 24           7.52      14.96           861,391                –                –             –     (247,544) 613,847              n/a           n/a
05 Apr 22                 05 Apr 25          2.28      11.34                 –          781,078                –             –            –    781,078          11.30           n/a
27 May 22                27 May 25           1.90      10.30                 –          270,126                –             –            –    270,126          10.07           n/a
Total PLTIP                                                          5,168,683       1,051,204          (387,613)            –   (1,766,783) 4,065,491
Representing:
Directors1,2                                                         1,990,221          634,474         (111,291)            –    (851,320) 1,662,084
Other employees                                                      3,178,462          416,730         (276,322)            –    (915,463) 2,403,407
Total PLTIP                                                          5,168,683       1,051,204          (387,613)            –   (1,766,783) 4,065,491

Notes
1     Disclosure of movement in share awards for each individual Director is set out in the Directors Remuneration Report.
2     PLTIP awards have performance conditions attached and these are set out in the Directors Remuneration Report.

(b) Agency LTIP

           Vesting period                                                                        Number of shares under awards                                             Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                          avg closing
                                                                                                                                                                          share price
                                                                                                                                                          Closing share       before
                              Vesting           Fair value at         Beginning                                                     Lapsed/         End    price before      vesting
Date of grant                   date            grant date £             of year         Granted            Vested Cancelled       Forfeited    of year    grant date £        date £

31 Mar 15                 31 Mar 21                    14.47               572                –          –                   –        (572)         –             n/a           n/a
01 Apr 16                 01 Apr 19                    11.80            49,070                –    (45,410)                  –      (3,660)         –             n/a         11.21
04 Apr 17                 04 Apr 20                    15.07               560                –       (560)                  –           –          –             n/a         10.09
04 Apr 17                 04 Apr 24                    13.17            45,409                –          –                   –      (2,128)    43,281             n/a           n/a
04 Apr 18                 04 Apr 21                    16.22             2,113                –          –                   –      (2,113)         –             n/a           n/a
02 Apr 19                 02 Apr 22                    14.73         2,483,595                – (2,471,697)                  –     (10,777)     1,121             n/a         11.21
19 Sep 19                 02 Apr 22                    13.42             5,083                –     (5,083)                  –           –          –             n/a         11.21
09 Apr 20                 09 Apr 23                     9.45         2,598,971                –          –                   –     (53,483) 2,545,488             n/a           n/a
22 Sep 20                 09 Apr 23                     9.85            30,955                –          –                   –           –     30,955             n/a           n/a
16 Dec 20                 09 Apr 23                    12.57            10,673                –          –                   –           –     10,673             n/a           n/a
07 Apr 21                 07 Apr 24                    14.58           120,969                –          –                   –           –    120,969             n/a           n/a
18 Jun 21                 07 Apr 24                    13.70            14,600                –          –                   –           –     14,600             n/a           n/a
07 Oct 21                 07 Apr 24                    14.75             5,227                –          –                   –           –      5,227             n/a           n/a
27 May 22                 05 Apr 25                    10.03                 –           41,725          –                   –           –     41,725           10.07           n/a
Total Agency LTIP1                                                   5,367,797           41,725 (2,522,750)                  –     (72,733) 2,814,039

Note
1    All of the participants of this scheme are service providers.




418                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                          prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Group overview




(c) UK SAYE




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Strategic report
                                      Exercise period                                                 Number of shares under options                                                Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                   avg closing
                                                                 Fair                                                                                                  Closing     share price
                                                             value at                                                                                               share price        before
                    Exercise                                   grant         Beginning                                                      Lapsed/            End      before       exercise
Date of grant        price £      Beginning              End  date £            of year       Granted      Exercised        Cancelled      Forfeited       of year grant date £         date £

21 Sep 16             11.04      01 Dec 21 31 May 22                 3.31       2,717              –               –              –          (2,717)          –              n/a         n/a
21 Sep 17             14.55      01 Dec 22 31 May 23                 3.71       4,122              –               –              –          (2,061)      2,061              n/a         n/a
29 Nov 19             11.18      01 Jan 23 30 Jun 23                 3.28      48,528              –          (1,073)       (12,772)         (6,493)     28,190              n/a       12.95
29 Nov 19             11.18      01 Jan 25 30 Jun 25                 3.69       7,513              –               –         (2,147)              –       5,366              n/a         n/a
22 Sep 20              9.64      01 Dec 23 31 May 24                 1.90      63,272              –               –        (22,911)         (3,315)     37,046              n/a         n/a

                                                                                                                                                                                                 Governance
22 Sep 20              9.64      01 Dec 25 31 May 26                 2.04       6,286              –               –         (3,112)              –       3,174              n/a         n/a
08 Dec 21             12.02      01 Jan 25 30 Jun 25                 3.03      14,664              –               –         (7,365)           (599)      6,700              n/a         n/a
08 Dec 21             12.02      01 Jan 27 30 Jun 27                 3.65       2,544              –               –         (2,495)              –          49              n/a         n/a
23 Sep 22              7.37      01 Dec 25 31 May 26                 3.08           –         47,346               –              –               –      47,346             9.34         n/a
23 Sep 22              7.37      01 Dec 27 31 May 28                 3.63           –         12,372               –              –               –      12,372             9.34         n/a
Total SAYE                                                                   149,646          59,718          (1,073)       (50,802)       (15,185)     142,304
Representing:
Directors1                                                                     3,928               –               –              –              –        3,928




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Directors’ remuneration report
Other employees                                                              145,718          59,718          (1,073)       (50,802)       (15,185)     138,376
Total SAYE                                                                   149,646          59,718          (1,073)       (50,802)       (15,185)     142,304

Note
1    Disclosure of movement in share awards for each individual Director is set out in the Directors Remuneration Report.

(d) ISSOSNE

                                      Exercise period                                                 Number of shares under options                                                Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                   avg closing
                                                                 Fair                                                                                                  Closing     share price
                                                             value at                                                                                               share price        before
                    Exercise                                   grant         Beginning                                                      Lapsed/            End      before       exercise
Date of grant        price £      Beginning              End  date £            of year       Granted      Exercised        Cancelled      Forfeited       of year grant date £         date £




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Financial statements
21 Sep 16              9.56      01 Dec 21 31 May 22                 3.31    133,134               – (105,029)              (17,699)       (10,082)         324              n/a       10.36
21 Sep 17             12.59      01 Dec 22 31 May 23                 3.71    191,542               –        –               (87,439)        (1,783)     102,320              n/a         n/a
18 Sep 18             12.07      01 Dec 21 31 May 22                 3.11     98,024               –   (7,564)              (62,761)       (27,699)           –              n/a       12.23
18 Sep 18             12.07      01 Dec 23 31 May 24                 3.61    132,495               –        –                (2,022)          (109)     130,364              n/a         n/a
02 Oct 19              9.62      01 Dec 22 31 May 23                 2.85    338,819               – (154,110)              (26,634)          (157)     157,918              n/a       10.29
02 Oct 19              9.62      01 Dec 24 31 May 25                 2.98    223,476               –     (157)               (7,244)             –      216,075              n/a        9.86
22 Sep 20              9.64      01 Dec 23 31 May 24                 1.90    202,099               –        –                (3,357)             –      198,742              n/a         n/a
22 Sep 20              9.64      01 Dec 25 31 May 26                 2.04    157,319               –        –                (6,838)             –      150,481              n/a         n/a
02 Nov 21             11.89      01 Dec 24 31 May 25                 3.91    206,550               –        –               (21,005)             –      185,545              n/a         n/a




                                                                                                                                                                                                 European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
02 Nov 21             11.89      01 Dec 26 31 May 27                 4.46    189,431               –        –               (14,750)             –      174,681              n/a         n/a
21 Sep 22              7.37      01 Dec 25 31 May 26                 3.13          –         220,733        –                     –              –      220,733             9.54         n/a
21 Sep 22              7.37      01 Dec 27 31 May 28                 3.59          –         178,805        –                     –              –      178,805             9.54         n/a
Total
  ISSOSNE1                                                                  1,872,889        399,538 (266,860) (249,749)                   (39,830) 1,715,988

Note
1    All of the participants of this scheme are service providers.




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Additional information




                                                                                                                                        Prudential plc Annual Report 2022          419
Additional unaudited financial information / continued




I Additional financial information continued
I(vii) Share schemes continued
Share schemes funded by existing shares of Prudential
The arrangements in operation which are funded by existing shares of Prudential plc include the Prudential Asia and Africa Long Term Incentive
Plan (PAA LTIP), the Restricted Share Plan (RSP), the UK Share Incentive Plan (UK SIP), the Prudential Corporation Asia All Employee Share
Purchase Plan (PruSharePlus) and a number of deferred bonus plans, namely the Prudential Deferred Annual Incentive Plan (DAIP), the Group
Deferred Bonus Plan (GDBP) and the Prudential Corporation Asia Deferred Bonus Plan (PCA DBP).

Share scheme and         Total number of shares      Maximum entitlement of each              Vesting period                 Exercise period and basis of   Remaining life of
participants             available for issue under   participant                                                             determining exercise price     the scheme
                         the scheme

Prudential Asia and      The total number of         The size of PAA LTIP awards is           Normally three years from      In the case of any nil-cost    The PAA LTIP
Africa Long-Term         securities available for    determined on a case by case basis.      grant. Where a deferral        awards granted under the       does not have
Incentive Plan (PAA      issue under the scheme                                               model is used, awards may      PAA LTIP, a period of six      a fixed expiry
LTIP)                    is 7,898,341 which                                                   vest on the first, second      months from vesting.           date.
                         represents                                                           and third anniversary of
Any employee of a
                         0.287 per cent of the                                                the grant date in tranches
Group Company who
                         issued share capital at                                              of a third of the award.
has not given or been
                         31 December 2022.
given notice of                                                                               Awards may vest earlier
termination of                                                                                upon a takeover of
employment, and is                                                                            Prudential plc or if a
not a director, may be                                                                        participant leaves with
selected to be granted                                                                        good-leaver status or
an award.                                                                                     passes away.

Restricted Share         The total number of         Awards will not be granted over          Normally three years from      In the case of any nil-cost    The RSP is due
Plan (RSP)               securities available for    Prudential plc shares with a market      grant. Awards may vest         awards granted under the       to expire on
                         issue under the scheme      value in excess of 600% of salary, in    earlier upon a takeover of     RSP, a period of 12 months     30 June 2025.
Any employee of a
                         is 575,558 which            respect of any financial year of the     Prudential plc or if a         from vesting.
Group Company who
                         represents                  Company.                                 participant passes away or
has not given or been
                         0.021 per cent of the                                                leaves with good-leaver
given notice of
                         issued share capital at                                              status.
termination of
                         31 December 2022.
employment, and is
not a director, may be
selected to be granted
an award.

Group Share              n/a                         In the case of free shares, up to        Partnership shares (bought     Partnership and dividend       The UK SIP
Incentive Plan (UK                                   £3,600 worth of Prudential plc           with the participant’s own     shares are acquired at the     rules are due
SIP)                                                 shares in respect of any UK tax year.    funds) may be withdrawn        market value of a              to expire in
                                                                                              at any time. For free,         Prudential plc share.          2080 on the
Any employee can                                     In the case of partnership shares
                                                                                              matching and dividend                                         expiry of the
participate who meets                                (bought with the participant’s own                                      There is no acquisition cost
                                                                                              shares, awards must be                                        UK SIP trust
the definition of                                    funds), Prudential plc shares worth                                     in the case of free shares
                                                                                              held in the UK SIP for three
eligible employee, as                                up to the lower of £1,800 or 10% of                                     and matching shares.
                                                                                              years.
defined by the                                       salary, in respect of any UK tax year.
relevant UK tax                                                                               Free, matching and
                                                     In the case of matching shares, a
legislation.                                                                                  dividend shares may be
                                                     ratio of matching shares to
                                                                                              withdrawn earlier upon a
                                                     partnership shares not greater than
                                                                                              takeover of Prudential plc
                                                     two free (matching) Prudential plc
                                                                                              or if a participant passes
                                                     shares for every one partnership
                                                                                              away or leaves with
                                                     share bought.
                                                                                              good-leaver status.




420                  Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                      prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                               Group overview




Share scheme and         Total number of shares      Maximum entitlement of each             Vesting period                 Exercise period and basis of   Remaining life of
participants             available for issue under   participant                                                            determining exercise price     the scheme




                                                                                                                                                                               Strategic report
                         the scheme

Prudential               n/a                         The maximum amount a participant        Matching awards normally       Purchased shares are           The
Corporation Asia All                                 may contribute to PruSharePlus is       vest one year from the end     acquired at the market         PruSharePlus is
Employee Share                                       the lower of 10% of salary or £5,000.   of the period in respect of    value of a Prudential plc      due to expire
Purchase Plan                                                                                which the related shares       share.                         on 7 March
(PruSharePlus)                                                                               purchased with the                                            2024.
                                                                                                                            There is no acquisition cost
                                                                                             participant’s contributions
Any employee of a                                                                                                           for matching awards.
                                                                                             were acquired. Awards
Group Company who
                                                                                             may vest earlier upon a
has not given or been
                                                                                             takeover of Prudential plc


                                                                                                                                                                               Governance
given notice of
                                                                                             or if a participant leaves
termination of
                                                                                             with good-leaver status.
employment, and is
not an executive
director, can
participate.

Deferred Annual          The total number of         The size of DAIP awards is              The normal vesting date        In the case of any nil-cost    The DAIP
Incentive Plan           securities available for    determined on a case by case basis.     for each award under the       options granted under the      is due to
(DAIP)                   issue under the scheme                                              DAIP is set at the time the    DAIP, a period of six          expire on




                                                                                                                                                                               Directors’ remuneration report
                         is 726,341 which                                                    award is granted on a case     months from vesting.           30 September
Any employee of a
                         represents                                                          by case basis. Awards may                                     2023. A
Group Company who
                         0.026 per cent of the                                               vest earlier upon a takeover                                  replacement
has received a bonus
                         issued share capital at                                             of Prudential plc or if a                                     plan will be
may be selected to be
                         31 December 2022.                                                   participant leaves for any                                    established in
granted an award.
                                                                                             reason other than cause or                                    2023.
                                                                                             passes away.

Group Deferred           The total number of         The size of GDBP awards is              The normal vesting date        In the case of any nil-cost    The GDBP
Bonus Plan (GDBP)        securities available for    determined on a case by case basis.     for each award under the       options granted under the      does not have
                         issue under the scheme                                              GDBP is set at the time the    GDBP, a period of six          a fixed expiry
Any employee of a
                         is 17,593 which                                                     award is granted on a case     months from vesting.           date.
Group Company, and
                         represents                                                          by case basis. Awards may
is not a director, may




                                                                                                                                                                               Financial statements
                         0.001 per cent of the                                               vest earlier upon a takeover
be selected to be
                         issued share capital at                                             of Prudential plc or if a
granted an award.
                         31 December 2022.                                                   participant passes away.

Prudential Deferred      The total number of         The size of PCA DBP awards is           The normal vesting date        In the case of any nil-cost    The PCA DBP
Bonus Plan (PDBP)        securities available for    determined on a case by case basis.     for each award under the       options granted under the      does not have
                         issue under the scheme                                              PCA DBP is set at the time     PCA DBP, a period of six       a fixed expiry
Any employee of a
                         is 816,224 which                                                    the award is granted on a      months from vesting.           date.
Group Company who
                         represents                                                          case by case basis. Awards
has not given or been
                         0.030 per cent of the                                               may vest earlier upon a
given notice of
                         issued share capital at                                             takeover of Prudential plc,




                                                                                                                                                                               European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
termination of
                         31 December 2022.                                                   if a participant leaves with
employment, and is
                                                                                             good leaver status or
not a director, may be
                                                                                             passes away.
selected to be granted
an award.




                                                                                                                                                                               Additional information




                                                                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022       421
Additional unaudited financial information / continued




I Additional financial information continued
I(vii) Share schemes continued
The following analysis shows the movement in each share plan for the year ended 31 December 2022:

           Vesting period                                                      Number of shares under awards1                                          Weighted
                                                                                                                                                      avg closing
                                                                                                                                           Closing    share price
                                             Fair value                                                                                 share price       before
                                         at grant date     Beginning                  Vested/                    Lapsed/           End      before       vesting
Date of grant           Vesting date                  £       of year    Granted     Released    Cancelled      Forfeited      of year grant date £        date £

Restricted Share Plan (RSP)
18 Sep 18                04 Apr 22             15.23         1,763            –       (1,763)            –            –            –          n/a         11.21
13 Dec 18                04 Apr 22             13.08           586            –         (586)            –            –            –          n/a         11.21
02 Apr 19   01 Mar 22 – 01 Mar 23      14.35 – 14.77         1,708            –       (1,366)            –         (342)           –          n/a         11.02
14 Jun 19                02 Apr 22             14.75           905            –         (905)            –            –            –          n/a         11.21
11 Dec 19               11 Dec 22              13.19       168,535            –      (11,953)            –       (4,115)     152,467          n/a         11.06
09 Apr 20 01 Apr 22 – 09 Apr 23         9.45 – 10.47       150,806            –       (4,212)            –       (6,602)     139,992          n/a         11.21
24 Jun 20   28 Feb 22 – 16 Jun 23      10.72 – 11.78        32,613            –      (21,464)            –       (1,817)       9,332          n/a         10.54
22 Sep 20 01 Feb 22 – 24 Jun 23         4.39 – 10.74         2,481            –         (413)            –         (862)       1,206          n/a         10.00
16 Dec 20 31 Mar 22 – 01 Apr 23        12.58 – 14.93        59,329            –      (26,829)            –      (12,984)      19,516          n/a         11.16
07 Apr 21     20 Jan 22 – 01 Apr 25    14.24 – 15.38        78,684            –      (16,759)            –       (6,035)      55,890          n/a         10.58
21 Apr 21                21 Apr 24             14.93         2,292            –            –             –            –        2,292          n/a           n/a
18 Jun 21   17 Mar 22 – 01 Apr 24      13.97 – 14.26        34,781            –      (17,166)            –            –       17,615          n/a         11.07
07 Oct 21   01 Mar 22 – 07 Apr 24      14.75 – 15.00       597,553            –     (488,476)       (6,637)     (73,710)      28,730          n/a          9.41
02 Nov 21                07 Oct 22             14.71         8,050            –       (4,950)            –       (3,100)           –          n/a          9.36
08 Dec 21    01 Feb 22 – 01 Feb 25     12.95 – 13.27        90,319            –      (55,042)       (1,366)        (100)      33,811          n/a         11.05
05 Apr 22   07 Oct 22 – 07 Apr 24      11.14 – 11.29             –       14,330       (2,000)            –          (50)      12,280        11.30          9.36
29 Jun 22 31 Aug 22 – 01 Mar 26         9.91 – 10.25             –       21,929       (2,581)            –            –       19,348        10.53          9.10
21 Sep 22 17 Oct 22 – 31 Dec 25          9.24 – 9.57             –       36,519      (10,337)            –            –       26,182         9.54         10.05
15 Dec 22 10 Feb 23 – 01 Apr 26        10.22 – 10.63             –       56,897            –             –            –       56,897        10.90           n/a

Prudential Asia and Africa
  Long-Term Incentive Plan
  (PAA LTIP)2
17 Dec 13               10 Aug 23          9.91              95,394         –               –           –         –            95,394         n/a           n/a
04 Apr 18               04 Apr 21         16.27              37,561         –         (34,384)          –    (3,177)                –         n/a         12.99
02 Apr 19               02 Apr 22         14.73           1,785,824         –      (1,757,980)          –   (21,816)            6,028         n/a         11.23
14 Jun 19               02 Apr 22         14.75               5,453         –          (5,453)          –         –                 –         n/a         11.21
19 Sep 19 02 Apr 22 – 18 Sep 22           14.69             279,077         –         (61,250)          –   (33,915)          183,912         n/a         10.53
09 Apr 20               09 Apr 23          9.45           2,707,218         –         (15,593)          – (214,447)         2,477,178         n/a         12.99
24 Jun 20               07 Apr 23         10.68               3,901         –               –           –      (131)            3,770         n/a           n/a
16 Dec 20               09 Apr 23         12.57                  69         –               –           –       (33)               36         n/a           n/a
07 Apr 21   07 Apr 22 – 07 Apr 24 14.58 – 15.30           2,246,856         –         (81,609)          – (280,250)         1,884,997         n/a         11.21
18 Jun 21   07 Apr 22 – 07 Apr 24 13.70 – 14.23               2,320         –            (143)          –      (117)            2,060         n/a         11.21
07 Oct 21               07 Apr 24         14.75               3,216         –               –           –         –             3,216         n/a           n/a
05 Apr 22   05 Apr 23 – 05 Apr 25 0.91 – 11.24                    – 3,552,644               –     (24,654) (289,926)        3,238,064       11.30           n/a
29 Jun 22   05 Apr 23 – 05 Apr 25 10.00 – 10.19                   –     5,875               –           –    (5,312)              563       10.53           n/a
21 Sep 22 05 Apr 23 – 05 Apr 25     9.31 – 9.52                   –     3,123               –           –         –             3,123        9.54           n/a

Prudential Deferred Bonus Plan (PDBP)
02 Apr 19               02 Apr 21               16.06       66,370            –      (66,370)            –            –            –          n/a         12.99
09 Apr 20 09 Apr 22 – 09 Apr 23                 10.47      643,845            –     (631,115)            –       (1,947)      10,783          n/a         11.15
07 Apr 21   07 Apr 23 – 07 Apr 24               15.67      357,207            –      (18,849)            –       (6,178)     332,180          n/a         10.00
05 Apr 22               05 Apr 24               11.34            –      473,261            –             –            –      473,261        11.30           n/a

Deferred Annual Incentive Plan (DAIP)
04 Apr 18             04 Apr 21                 17.50       13,721            –      (13,721)            –             –           –          n/a         12.99
02 Apr 19             02 Apr 22                 16.06      254,700            –     (254,700)            –             –           –          n/a         11.21
09 Apr 20             09 Apr 23                 10.47      338,251            –            –             –             –     338,251          n/a           n/a
17 May 21            17 May 24                  14.96      137,639            –            –             –             –     137,639          n/a           n/a
05 Apr 22             05 Apr 25                 11.34            –      250,451            –             –             –     250,451        11.30           n/a
Group Deferred Bonus Plan (GDBP)
02 Apr 19             02 Apr 22                 16.06        3,405            –          (774)           –             –       2,631
09 Apr 20             09 Apr 23                 10.47       11,152            –             –            –             –      11,152           n/a        11.21
21 Apr 21             21 Apr 24                 14.93        3,810            –             –            –             –       3,810           n/a          n/a



422                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                           prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Group overview




              Vesting period                                                                       Number of shares under awards1                                                           Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                           avg closing




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Strategic report
                                                                                                                                                                            Closing        share price
                                                      Fair value                                                                                                         share price           before
                                                  at grant date         Beginning                            Vested/                        Lapsed/                 End      before           vesting
Date of grant                 Vesting date                     £           of year         Granted          Released       Cancelled       Forfeited            of year grant date £            date £

Group Share Incentive Plan (UK SIP)
2009 – 2022                 n/a                              n/a           11,807           2,525           (7,577)                 –          (870)            5,885               n/a             n/a

Purchase Plan (PruSharePlus)
2020 – 2022                  n/a                             n/a         368,297         272,153         (200,946)                  –       (2,092)          437,412                n/a             n/a



                                                                                                                                                                                                          Governance
Total share schemes funded by existing shares
  of Prudential                                                      10,607,498 4,689,707               (3,817,266)         (32,657) (969,928) 10,477,354
Representing:
Five highest paid individuals                                           742,045 399,216                   (299,008)                –         –              842,253
All other grantees                                                    9,865,453 4,290,491               (3,518,258)         (32,657) (969,928)            9,635,101
Total share schemes funded by existing shares
  of Prudential                                                      10,607,498 4,689,707 (3,817,266)                      (32,657) (969,928) 10,477,354




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ remuneration report
Notes
1     The table above includes share plans held by Directors of the Group. Details of share plans held by the individual Directors have been set out separately in the Directors Remuneration Report.
      The five highest paid individuals during the financial year may also include Directors, if applicable.
2     For some PAA LTIP awards a portion of the award has performance conditions attached. There are usually three elements to these performance conditions; Total Shareholder Return
      (50% weighting), Return on Embedded Value (30% weighting) and sustainability Scorecard capturing both financial and non-financial measures aligned to the Group’s strategic objectives
      (20% weighting).




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial statements




                                                                                                                                                                                                          European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Additional information




                                                                                                                                         Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                423
Additional unaudited financial information / continued




I Additional financial information continued
I(viii) Selected historical financial information of Prudential
The following table sets forth Prudential’s selected consolidated financial data for the years indicated, which is derived from Prudential’s audited
consolidated financial statements. This table is only a summary and should be read in conjunction with Prudential’s consolidated financial
statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this document.
   In the table below, continuing operations reflect the Group’s insurance and asset management businesses in Asia and Africa and central
operations. Discontinued operations represent the Group’s US business (Jackson) demerged in September 2021 and the Group’s UK and Europe
business (M&G) demerged in November 2019.

IFRS financial results

Income statement                                                                2022 $m        2021 $m         2020 $m        2019 $m           2018 $m

Continuing operations:
Gross premiums earned                                                            23,344         24,217         23,495          23,855           22,039
Outward reinsurance premiums                                                     (1,943)        (1,844)        (1,625)         (1,116)            (771)
Earned premiums, net of reinsurance                                              21,401         22,373         21,870          22,739           21,268
Investment return                                                               (30,159)         3,486         13,762          14,961           (2,723)
Other income                                                                        539            641            615             639              465
Total revenue, net of reinsurance                                                (8,219)        26,500         36,247          38,339           19,010
Benefits and claims and movement in unallocated surplus of with-profits
   funds, net of reinsurance                                                     13,697         (18,911)       (28,588)       (29,171)          (11,690)
Acquisition costs and other expenditure                                          (3,880)         (4,560)        (4,651)        (5,908)           (5,793)
Finance costs: interest on core structural borrowings of shareholder-financed
   businesses                                                                      (200)           (328)          (316)          (496)             (525)
Gain (loss) attaching to corporate transactions                                      55             (35)           (30)          (142)              (57)
Total charges, net of reinsurance                                                 9,672         (23,834)       (33,585)       (35,717)          (18,065)
Share of profits from joint ventures and associates net of related tax               29            352            517             397               319
Profit before tax (being tax attributable to shareholders’ and
   policyholders’ returns) note (i)                                               1,482          3,018           3,179          3,019             1,264
Tax charges attributable to policyholders’ returns                                  (21)          (342)           (271)          (365)             (107)
Profit before tax attributable to shareholders’ returns                           1,461          2,676           2,908          2,654             1,157
Tax charges attributable to shareholders’ returns                                  (454)          (462)           (440)          (316)             (235)
Profit from continuing operations                                                 1,007           2,214          2,468          2,338               922
(Loss) profit from discontinued US operations                                         –          (5,027)          (283)          (385)            1,959
(Loss) profit from discontinued UK and Europe operations                              –               –              –         (1,161)            1,142
Profit (loss) for the year                                                        1,007          (2,813)         2,185            792             4,023


Basic earnings per share (in cents)                                                2022            2021           2020           2019              2018

Based on profit (loss) for the year attributable to the equity holders of the
  Company:
    Continuing operations                                                          36.5¢          83.4¢          94.6¢          90.0¢             35.6¢
    Discontinued US operations                                                        –¢       (161.1)¢        (13.0)¢        (14.9)¢             76.1¢
    Discontinued UK and Europe operations                                             –¢             –¢             –¢        (44.8)¢             44.3¢
Total                                                                              36.5¢        (77.7)¢          81.6¢          30.3¢           156.0¢


Dividend per share (in cents) excluding demerger dividend                          2022            2021           2020           2019              2018

Dividends paid in reporting period                                               17.60¢         16.10¢         31.34¢          63.18¢           64.34¢


Statement of financial position at 31 Dec                                       2022 $m        2021 $m         2020 $m        2019 $m           2018 $m

Total assets                                                                    165,942        199,102        516,097        454,214           647,810
Total policyholder liabilities and unallocated surplus of with-profits funds    125,758        157,299        446,463        390,428           541,466
Core structural borrowings of shareholder-financed businesses                     4,261          6,127          6,633          5,594             9,761
Total liabilities                                                               148,815        181,838        493,978        434,545           625,819
Total equity                                                                     17,127         17,264         22,119         19,669            21,991




424                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                    prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Group overview




Supplementary IFRS financial results – continuing operations




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Strategic report
                                                                                                            2022 $m             2021 $m              2020 $m             2019 $m             2018 $m

Adjusted operating profit             note (ii)                                                               3,375                3,233                2,757                 2,247             1,875
Non-operating items                                                                                          (1,914)                (557)                 151                   407              (718)
Profit before tax attributable to shareholders                                                                1,461                2,676                2,908                 2,654             1,157
Operating earnings per share after tax and non-controlling interest (in cents)                               100.5¢              101.5¢                 86.6¢                 73.4¢             62.1¢


Supplementary EEV basis results


                                                                                                                                                                                                           Governance
Continuing operations:                                                                                      2022 $m             2021 $m              2020 $m             2019 $m             2018 $m

EEV operating profit      note (ii)                                                                           3,952                3,543                3,401                 5,151             5,088
Non-operating items                                                                                          (7,523)                (306)                 573                 1,058              (533)
Profit attributable to shareholders                                                                          (3,571)               3,237                3,974                 6,209             4,555
Operating earnings per share after non-controlling interest (in cents)                                       143.4¢              133.8¢               130.6¢                 198.8¢           197.4¢


New business contribution*                                                                                  2022 $m             2021 $m              2020 $m             2019 $m             2018 $m




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ remuneration report
Annual premium equivalent (APE) sales                                                                         4,393                4,194                3,808                 5,243             5,050
EEV new business profit (NBP) (post-tax)                                                                      2,184                2,526                2,201                 3,522             3,477

* Africa operations are included within the covered business from 2021 following the change in the Group’s operating segments. Africa is excluded from all previous years.


Embedded value at 31 Dec                                                                                  2022† $bn             2021 $bn            2020 $bn             2019 $bn            2018 $bn

EEV shareholders’ equity, excluding non-controlling interests – continuing
  operations                                                                                                    42.2                 47.4                41.9                  38.4               27.4
Discontinued operations (US, UK and Europe)                                                                        –                    –                12.1                  16.3               36.0
EEV shareholders’ equity†                                                                                       42.2                 47.4                54.0                  54.7               63.4




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Financial statements
†	2022 includes the impact of the early adoption of the Hong Kong Risk-based Capital (HK RBC) regime, effective from 1 January 2022. Comparatives have not been restated. Further details can
   be found in the Basis of Preparation in the EEV basis results.

Other financial information – continuing operations

Operating free surplus generated                                                                            2022 $m             2021 $m              2020 $m             2019 $m             2018 $m

Total operating free surplus generated                                                                        1,374                1,179                  890                  762                554


At 31 Dec                                                                                                  2022 $bn             2021 $bn            2020 $bn             2019 $bn            2018 $bn




                                                                                                                                                                                                           European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Eastspring funds under management or advice note (iii)                                                        221.4                258.5                247.8                 241.1             192.7
Group shareholder GWS capital surplus (over GPCR) note (iv)                                                    15.6                 17.5                  n/a                   n/a               n/a

Notes
(i)   This measure is the formal profit (loss) before tax measure under IFRS. It is not the result attributable to shareholders.
(ii)  Adjusted operating profit and EEV operating profit are determined on the basis of including longer-term investment returns, which are stated after excluding the effect of short-term fluctuations
      in investment returns on shareholder-backed business and gain or loss attaching to corporate transactions. Separately, for IFRS financial results, adjusted operating profit also excludes
      amortisation of acquisition accounting adjustments arising on the purchase of business. For EEV basis results, operating profit also excludes the effect of changes in economic assumptions and
      the mark-to-market value movements on core structural borrowings for shareholder-financed operations.
(iii) Eastspring total funds under management or advice comprise funds from external parties, including funds managed on behalf of M&G plc, as well as funds managed or advised for the Group’s
      insurance operations.
(iv) The Group shareholder GWS capital surplus (over GPCR) reflects the Insurance (Group Capital) Rules as set out in the GWS Framework which became effective for Prudential in May 2021.The
      2021 comparative information has been re-resented to reflect the impact of HK RBC and C-ROSS II regimes which became effective in the first half of 2022 and after allowing for the impact of
      the $1.7 billion debt redemption in January 2022 to show total Group GWS capital surplus (over GPCR) on a more comparable basis. Prior to 2021, the Group adopted LCSM basis.




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Additional information




                                                                                                                                         Prudential plc Annual Report 2022              425
Additional unaudited financial information / continued




II Calculation of alternative performance measures
Prudential uses alternative performance measures (APMs) to provide more relevant explanations of the Group’s financial position and
performance. This section sets out explanations for each APM and reconciliations to relevant IFRS balances.

II(i) Reconciliation of adjusted operating profit to profit before tax
Adjusted operating profit presents the operating performance of the business. This measurement basis adjusts for the following items within total
IFRS profit before tax:
> Short-term fluctuations in investment returns on shareholder-backed business;
> Amortisation of acquisition accounting adjustments arising on the purchase of business; and
> Gain or loss on corporate transactions.
More details on how adjusted operating profit is determined are included in note B1.2 of the Group IFRS consolidated financial statements. A full
reconciliation to profit after tax is given in note B1.1 of the Group IFRS consolidated financial statements.

II(ii) Calculation of IFRS gearing ratio
IFRS gearing ratio is calculated as net core structural borrowings of shareholder-financed businesses divided by closing IFRS shareholders’ equity
plus net core structural borrowings.

                                                                                                                       31 Dec 2022 $m 31 Dec 2021 $m

Core structural borrowings of shareholder-financed businesses                                                                   4,261             6,127
Less holding company cash and short-term investments                                                                           (3,057)           (3,572)
Net core structural borrowings of shareholder-financed businesses                                                              1,204             2,555
Closing shareholders’ equity                                                                                                  16,960            17,088
Closing shareholders’ equity plus net core structural borrowings                                                              18,164            19,643
IFRS gearing ratio                                                                                                                7%               13%


II(iii) Return on IFRS shareholders’ equity
This measure is calculated as adjusted operating profit, after tax and non-controlling interests, divided by average shareholders’ equity.
   Detailed reconciliation of adjusted operating profit to IFRS profit before tax for the Group is shown in note B1.1 to the Group IFRS consolidated
financial statements.

                                                                                                                             2022 $m            2021 $m

Adjusted operating profit                                                                                                      3,375              3,233
Tax on adjusted operating profit                                                                                                (614)              (548)
Adjusted operating profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                              (11)               (17)
Adjusted operating profit, net of tax and non-controlling interests                                                            2,750              2,668

Shareholders’ equity at 1 Jan                                                                                                 17,088            12,367
Shareholders’ equity at 31 Dec                                                                                                16,960            17,088
Average shareholders’ equity                                                                                                  17,024            14,728
Operating return on average shareholders’ equity (%)                                                                             16%               18%




426                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                    prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Group overview




II(iv) Calculation of IFRS shareholders’ equity per share
IFRS shareholders’ equity per share is calculated as closing IFRS shareholders’ equity divided by the number of issued shares at the end of the year.



                                                                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
                                                                                                                                                                  31 Dec 2022          31 Dec 2021

Number of issued shares at the end of the year (million shares)                                                                                                         2,750               2,746
Closing IFRS shareholders’ equity ($ million)                                                                                                                          16,960              17,088
Shareholders’ equity per share (cents)                                                                                                                                  617¢                622¢


II(v) Calculation of Eastspring cost/income ratio
The cost/income ratio is calculated as operating expenses, adjusted for commissions and share of contribution from joint ventures and associates,


                                                                                                                                                                                                        Governance
divided by operating income, adjusted for commission, share of contribution from joint ventures and associates and performance-related fees.

                                                                                                                                                                      2022 $m             2021 $m

IFRS revenue                                                                                                                                                               513                   665
Share of revenue from joint ventures and associates                                                                                                                        303                   314
Commissions                                                                                                                                                               (155)                 (217)
Performance-related fees                                                                                                                                                    (1)                  (15)
Operating income before performance-related fees note                                                                                                                      660                  747




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ remuneration report
IFRS charges                                                                                                                                                               398                   498
Share of expenses from joint ventures and associates                                                                                                                       117                   122
Commissions                                                                                                                                                               (155)                 (217)
Operating expense                                                                                                                                                          360                  403
Cost/income ratio (operating expense/operating income before performance-related fees)                                                                                    55%                   54%

Note
IFRS revenue and charges for Eastspring are included within the IFRS Income statement in ‘other income’ and ‘acquisition costs and other expenditure’ respectively. Operating income and expense
include the Group’s share of contribution from joint ventures and associates. In the Consolidated income statement of the Group IFRS consolidated financial statements, the net income after tax from
the joint ventures and associates is shown as a single line item.




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
II(vi) Reconciliation of gross premiums earned to renewal insurance premiums

                                                                                                                                                 2022 $m                    2021 $m

                                                                                                                                                                            AER                  CER

IFRS gross premiums earned                                                                                                                        23,344               24,217              23,546
Less: General insurance premium                                                                                                                     (124)                (124)               (123)
Less: IFRS gross earned premium from new regular and single premium business                                                                      (6,807)              (6,500)             (6,243)
Add: Renewal premiums from joint ventures and associates note                                                                                      2,262                2,295               2,182




                                                                                                                                                                                                        European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Renewal insurance premiums                                                                                                                        18,675               19,888              19,362

Annual premium equivalent (APE)                                                                                                                    4,393                 4,194               4,013
Life weighted premium income                                                                                                                      23,068               24,082              23,375

Note
For the purpose of the definition of renewal premiums from joint ventures and associates in the table above, premiums for the deposit component of insurance contracts from CPL are excluded.




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Additional information




                                                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022              427
Additional unaudited financial information / continued




 II Calculation of alternative performance measures continued
II(vii) Reconciliation of gross premiums earned to APE new business sales
The Group reports APE new business sales as a measure of the new policies sold in the year. APE is calculated as the aggregate of regular
premiums and one-tenth of single premiums on new business written during the year for all insurance products, including premiums for contracts
designated as investment contracts under IFRS 4. The use of the one-tenth of single premiums is to normalise policy premiums into the equivalent
of regular annual payments. This measure is commonly used in the insurance industry to allow comparisons of the amount of new business
written in a period by life insurance companies, particularly when the sales contain both single premium and regular premium business. This differs
from the IFRS measure of gross premiums earned as shown below:

                                                                                                                                                                        2022 $m              2021 $m

Gross premiums earned                                                                                                                                                    23,344               24,217
Less: premiums from in-force renewal business note (a)                                                                                                                  (16,413)             (17,593)
Less: 90% of single premiums on new business sold in the year note (b)                                                                                                   (3,839)              (3,602)
Add: APE sales from joint ventures and associates on equity accounting method note (c)                                                                                    1,182                1,104
Other adjustments note (d)                                                                                                                                                  119                   68
Annual premium equivalent (APE)                                                                                                                                            4,393                4,194

Notes
(a) Gross premiums earned include premiums from existing in-force business as well as new business given the Group’s focus on recurring premium business.
(b) APE new business sales only include one-tenth of single premiums, recorded on policies sold in the year. Gross premiums earned include 100 per cent of such premiums.
(c)   For the purpose of reporting APE new business sales, the Group’s share of amounts sold by the Group’s insurance joint ventures and associates are included. Under IFRS, joint ventures and
      associates are equity accounted and so no amounts are included within gross premiums earned.
(d) APE new business sales are annualised while gross premiums earned are recorded only when revenues are due. Other adjustments also reflect the inclusion of policies written in the year which are
      classified as investment contracts without discretionary participation features under IFRS 4, which are recorded as deposits and therefore not in gross premiums earned, and the exclusion of
      general insurance earned on an IFRS basis.

II(viii) Gross premiums earned including joint ventures and associates

                                                                                                                                                                        2022 $m              2021 $m

IFRS gross premiums earned                                                                                                                                               23,344               24,217
Gross premiums earned from joint ventures and associates                                                                                                                  4,439                4,579
Total Group                                                                                                                                                              27,783               28,796

Note
Calculated in accordance with the Group’s IFRS accounting policies, which includes the full premium for insurance contracts classified under IFRS 4.

II(ix) Reconciliation between IFRS and EEV shareholders’ equity
The table below shows the reconciliation of EEV shareholders’ equity and IFRS shareholders’ equity at the end of the year:

                                                                                                                                                                31 Dec 2022 $m 31 Dec 2021 $m

IFRS shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                                                16,960               17,088
Less: DAC assigned zero value for EEV purposes                                                                                                                           (3,254)              (2,815)
Add: Value of in-force business of long-term business note (a)                                                                                                           27,266               35,456
Other note (b)                                                                                                                                                             1,212              (2,374)
EEV shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                                                 42,184               47,355

Notes
(a) EEV shareholders’ equity comprises the present value of the shareholders’ interest in the value of in-force business, total net worth of long-term business operations and IFRS shareholders’ equity
      of asset management and other operations. The value of in-force business reflects the present value of expected future shareholder cash flows from long-term in-force business which are not
      captured as shareholders’ interest on an IFRS basis. Total net worth represents the regulatory basis net assets for EEV reporting purposes, with adjustments as appropriate.
(b) Other adjustments represent asset and liability valuation differences between IFRS and the local regulatory reporting basis used to value total net worth for long-term insurance operations.
      These also include the mark-to-market value movements of the Group’s core structural borrowings which are fair valued under EEV but are held at amortised cost under IFRS.




428                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                           prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Group overview




II(x) Calculation of return on embedded value
Operating return on embedded value is calculated as the EEV operating profit for the year as a percentage of average EEV basis shareholders’



                                                                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
equity.

                                                                                                                                                                           2022                 2021

EEV operating profit for the year                                                                                                                                        3,952                3,543
Operating profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                                                 (29)                 (28)
EEV operating profit, net of non-controlling interest ($ million)                                                                                                        3,923                3,515

Shareholders’ equity at 1 Jan*                                                                                                                                          47,584              41,926


                                                                                                                                                                                                        Governance
Shareholders’ equity at 31 Dec                                                                                                                                          42,184              47,355
Average shareholders’ equity ($ million)                                                                                                                                44,884              44,641
Operating return on average shareholders’ equity (%)                                                                                                                         9%                   8%

*    Opening shareholders’ equity at 1 January 2022 has been adjusted for the early adoption of the HK RBC regime. Further details can be found in the Basis of Preparation in the EEV basis results.


New business profit over embedded value is calculated as the EEV new business profit for the year as a percentage of average EEV basis
shareholders’ equity for long-term insurance business operations, excluding goodwill attributable to equity holders.




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                                                                                                                           2022                 2021

New business profit ($ million)*                                                                                                                                         2,184                2,526
Average EEV basis shareholders’ equity for long-term insurance business operations, excluding goodwill attributable to equity
  holders ($ million)                                                                                                                                                   41,866              43,754
New business profit on embedded value (%)                                                                                                                                    5%                   6%

*    New business profit is attributed to the shareholders of the Group before deducting the amount attributable to non-controlling interests.


Average embedded value has been based on opening and closing EEV basis shareholders’ equity for long-term business operations, excluding
goodwill attributable to equity holders, as follows:




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
                                                                                                                                                                       2022 $m             2021 $m

Shareholders’ equity at 1 Jan*                                                                                                                                          44,875              42,861
Shareholders’ equity at 31 Dec                                                                                                                                          38,857              44,646
Average shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                                            41,866              43,754

*    Opening shareholders’ equity at 1 January 2022 has been adjusted for the early adoption of the HK RBC regime. Further details can be found in the Basis of Preparation in the EEV basis results.




                                                                                                                                                                                                        European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Additional information




                                                                                                                                       Prudential plc Annual Report 2022               429
Risk factors




A number of risk factors may affect the financial condition,               For example, this could occur if the recoverable value of intangible
results of operations and/or prospects of Prudential and its wholly        assets for bancassurance agreements and deferred acquisition costs
and jointly owned businesses, as a whole, and, accordingly, the            are reduced. New challenges related to market fluctuations and
trading price of Prudential’s shares. The risk factors mentioned below     general economic conditions may continue to emerge. For example,
should not be regarded as a complete, exhaustive and comprehensive         sustained inflationary pressures driving interest rates to even higher
statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. The information        levels may lead to increased lapses for some guaranteed savings
given is as of the date of this document, and any forward-looking          products where higher levels of guarantees are offered by products
statements are made subject to the factors specified under                 of the Group’s competitors, reflecting consumer demand for returns
‘Forward‑looking statements’.                                              at the level of, or exceeding, inflation. High inflation, combined with
                                                                           an economic downturn or recession, may also result in affordability
Prudential’s approaches to managing risks are explained in the
                                                                           challenges, adversely impacting the ability of consumers to purchase
‘Risk Review’ section of this document.
                                                                           insurance products. Rising inflation, via medical claims inflation (with
1. Risks relating to prudential’s financial situation                      rising medical import prices a factor under current market conditions),
1.1 Prudential’s businesses are inherently subject to market               may adversely impact the profitability of the Group’s businesses.
fluctuations and general economic conditions, each of which
                                                                           Global financial markets are subject to uncertainty and volatility
may adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition,
                                                                           created by a variety of factors. These factors include actual or
results of operations and prospects.
                                                                           expected changes in monetary policy in the Chinese Mainland, the
Uncertainty, fluctuations or negative trends in global and national
                                                                           US and other jurisdictions together with their impact on base interest
macroeconomic conditions and investment climates could have
                                                                           rates and the valuation of all asset classes and inflation expectations;
a material adverse effect on Prudential’s business and profitability.
                                                                           slowdowns or reversals in world or regional economic growth
Prudential operates in a macroeconomic and global financial
                                                                           (particularly where this is abrupt, as has been the case with the
market environment that has materially changed in recent periods.
                                                                           impact of the Russia-Ukraine conflict and geopolitical tensions);
This presents significant uncertainties and potential challenges.
                                                                           sector-specific slowdowns or deteriorations which have the potential
For example, the rise in energy and commodity prices, exacerbated
                                                                           to have contagion impacts (such as the negative developments in
by the Russia-Ukraine conflict and global supply chain stresses, has
                                                                           the Chinese Mainland property sector); fluctuations in global energy
contributed to the current inflationary environment. This has resulted
                                                                           prices; and concerns over sovereign debt. Other factors include
in central banks, led by the US, rapidly tightening financial conditions
                                                                           fluctuations in global commodity prices, concerns on the
with potential for further increases in interest rates in major global
                                                                           serviceability of sovereign debt in certain economies (particularly
economies and the markets in which the Group operates, adversely
                                                                           as central banks continue to raise rates in response to high inflation
impacting the valuation of fixed income assets and future profits due
                                                                           and the high indebtedness across sub-Saharan Africa countries),
to the use of higher discount rates. In addition, the rising rates for
                                                                           the increased level of geopolitical and political risk and policy-related
developed economies have also led to weakened exchange rates
                                                                           uncertainty (including those resulting from the Russia-Ukraine
of a number of emerging economies in which the Group operates,
                                                                           conflict and the uncertainty and potential impact on business
adversely impacting Prudential’s consolidated financial statements
                                                                           sentiment and the broader market resulting from the relaxation
upon the translation of results into US dollars, the Group’s reporting
                                                                           of pandemic-related restrictions, and border reopening, as well as
currency. Other market uncertainties also include the impact
                                                                           regulatory tightening across sectors in the Chinese Mainland) and
of factors such as the nature and extent of central banks and
                                                                           socio-political, climate-driven and pandemic events. The extent of
governments actions in response to the inflationary environment,
                                                                           the financial market and economic impact of these factors may be
and the rapid relaxation of the Chinese Mainland’s zero tolerance
                                                                           highly uncertain and unpredictable and influenced by the actions,
Covid-19 policy as well as border reopening. These uncertainties
                                                                           including the duration and effectiveness of mitigating measures of
may apply for a prolonged period of time. The transition to a lower
                                                                           governments, policymakers and the public.
carbon economy, the timing and speed of which is uncertain and will
vary by country, may also result in greater uncertainty, fluctuations      The adverse effects of such factors could be felt principally through
or negative trends in asset valuations and reduced liquidity,              the following items:
particularly for carbon intensive sectors, and will have a bearing
on inflation levels.                                                       > Changes to interest rates could reduce Prudential’s capital strength
                                                                             and impair its ability to write significant volumes of new business.
The uncertain macroeconomic and financial market environment                 Increases in interest rates could adversely impact the financial
may have a number of adverse impacts on the business, financial              condition of the Group through changes in the present value of
condition and results of the Group, including increased strategic,           future fees for unit-linked based businesses and/or the present
business, insurance, product and customer conduct risks. In general,         value of future profits for accident and health products; and/or
upheavals in the financial markets may affect general levels of              reduce the value of its assets and/or have a negative impact on its
economic activity, employment and customer behaviour. As a result,           assets under management and profit. Decreases in interest rates
insurers may experience an elevated incidence of claims, frauds,             could increase the potential adverse impact of product guarantees
lapses, or surrenders of policies, and some policyholders may choose         included in non-unit-linked products with a savings component;
to defer or stop paying insurance premiums or reduce deposits into           reduce investment returns arising on the Group’s portfolios; impact
retirement plans. Uncertainty over livelihoods, elevated cost of living      the valuation of debt securities; and/or increase reinvestment risk
and challenges in affordability may adversely impact the demand              for some of the Group’s investments from accelerated prepayment
for insurance products, and increase regulatory risk in meeting              and increased redemptions.
regulatory definitions and expectations with respect to vulnerable
customers (see risk factor 3.8). In addition, there may be a higher
incidence of counterparty failures. If sustained, this environment is
likely to have a negative impact on the insurance sector over time
and may consequently have a negative impact on Prudential’s
business, balance sheet and profitability.




430               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                  prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                       Group overview




> A reduction in the financial strength and flexibility of corporate       For some non-unit-linked products with a savings component it may
  entities, as experienced by a number of issuers within the Chinese       not be possible to hold assets which will provide cash flows to match



                                                                                                                                                       Strategic report
  Mainland property sector, which may deteriorate the credit rating        those relating to policyholder liabilities. This may particularly be
  profile and valuation of the Group’s invested credit portfolio (and      the case in those markets where bond markets are less developed
  which may result in an increase in regulatory capital requirements       or where the duration of policyholder liabilities is longer than the
  for the Group or its businesses), increased credit defaults and debt     duration of bonds issued and available in the market, and in certain
  restructurings and wider credit and liquidity spreads resulting in       markets where regulated premium and claim values are set with
  realised and unrealised credit losses. Regulations imposing or           reference to the interest rate environment prevailing at the time
  increasing restrictions on the amount of company debt financing,         of policy issue. This results in a mismatch due to the duration and
  such as those placing limits on debt or liability ratios, may also       uncertainty of the liability cash flows and the lack of sufficient assets
  reduce the financial flexibility of corporate entities. Similarly,       of a suitable duration. While this residual asset/liability mismatch risk
  securitised assets in the Group’s investment portfolio are subject to    can be managed, it cannot be eliminated. If interest rates in these

                                                                                                                                                       Governance
  default risk and may be adversely impacted by delays or failures of      markets are lower than those used to calculate premium and claim
  borrowers to make payments of principal and interest when due.           values over a sustained period, this could have a material adverse
  Where a widespread deterioration in the financial strength of            effect on Prudential’s reported profit and the solvency of its
  corporate entities occurs, any assumptions on the ability and            business units. In addition, part of the profit from the Group’s
  willingness of governments to provide financial support may need         operations is related to bonuses for policyholders declared on
  to be revised.                                                           with-profits products, which are impacted by the difference between
> Failure of, or legal, regulatory or reputational restrictions on the     actual investment returns of the with-profits fund (which are broadly
  Group’s ability to deal with, counterparties who have transactions       based on historical and current rates of return on equity, real estate
  with Prudential (such as banks, reinsurers and counterparties            and fixed income securities) and minimum guarantee rates offered to




                                                                                                                                                       Directors’ remuneration report
  to cash management and risk transfer or hedging transactions)            policyholders. This profit could be lower in particular in a sustained
  to meet commitments could give rise to a negative impact                 low interest rate environment.
  on Prudential’s financial position and on the accessibility or           Any of the foregoing factors and events, individually or together,
  recoverability of amounts due or the adequacy of collateral.             could have a material adverse effect on Prudential’s business,
  Geographic or sector concentrations of counterparty credit               financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
  risk could exacerbate the impact of these events where
  they materialise.                                                        1.2 Geopolitical and political risks and uncertainty may
> Estimates of the value of financial instruments becoming more            adversely impact economic conditions, increase market
  difficult because in certain illiquid, volatile or closed markets,       volatility and regulatory compliance risks, cause operational
  determining the value at which financial instruments can be              disruption to the Group and impact the implementation of
  realised is highly subjective. Processes to ascertain such values        its strategic plans, which could have adverse effects on
  require substantial elements of judgement, assumptions and               Prudential’s business, financial condition, results of operations




                                                                                                                                                       Financial statements
  estimates (which may change over time). Where the Group is               and prospects.
  required to sell its investments within a defined timeframe, such        The Group is exposed to geopolitical and political risks and
  market conditions may result in the sale of these investments at         uncertainty in the diverse markets in which it operates. Such risks
  below expected or recorded prices.                                       may include:
> Illiquidity of the Group’s investments. The Group holds certain          > The application of government regulations, executive powers,
  investments that may, by their nature, lack liquidity or have the          protectionist or restrictive economic and trade policies or measures
  potential to lose liquidity rapidly, such as investment funds              adopted by businesses or industries which increase trade barriers
  (including money market funds), privately placed fixed maturity            or restrict trade, sales, financial transactions, or the transfer
  securities, mortgage loans, complex structured securities and              of capital, investment, data or other intellectual property, with




                                                                                                                                                       European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
  alternative investments. If these investments were required to             respect to specific territories, markets, companies or individuals;
  be liquidated on short notice, the Group may experience difficulty       > An increase in the volume and pace of domestic regulatory
  in doing so and may be forced to sell them at a lower price than           changes, including those applying to specific sectors;
  it otherwise would have been able to realise.
                                                                           > The increased adoption or implementation of laws and regulations
> A reduction in revenue from the Group’s products where fee                 which may purport to have extra-territorial application;
  income is linked to account values or the market value of the funds
  under management. Sustained inflationary pressures which may             > International trade disputes such as the implementation of
  drive higher interest rates may also impact the valuation of fixed         trade tariffs;
  income investments and reduce fee income.                                > Withdrawals or expulsions from existing trading blocs or
> Increased illiquidity, which includes the risk that expected cash          agreements or financial transaction systems, including those
  inflows from investments and operations will not be adequate               which facilitate cross-border payments;
  to meet the Group’s anticipated short-term and long-term                 > The domestic application of measures restricting national airspace
  policyholder benefits and expense payment obligations. Increased           with respect to aircraft of specific territories, markets, companies
  illiquidity also adds to the uncertainty over the accessibility of         or individuals;
  financial resources which in extreme conditions could impact the         > Measures favouring local enterprises, such as changes to the
  functioning of markets and reduce capital resources as valuations          maximum level of non-domestic ownership by foreign companies
  decline. This could occur where external capital is unavailable at         or differing treatment of foreign-owned businesses under




                                                                                                                                                       Additional information
  sustainable cost, increased liquid assets are required to be held as       regulations and tax rules; and
  collateral under derivative transactions or redemption restrictions      > Measures which require businesses of overseas companies to
  are placed on Prudential’s investments in illiquid funds. In addition,     operate through locally incorporated entities or with requirements
  significant redemption requests could also be made on Prudential’s         on minimum local representation on executive or management
  issued funds and while this may not have a direct impact on the            committees.
  Group’s liquidity, it could result in reputational damage to
  Prudential. The potential impact of increased illiquidity is more
  uncertain than for other risks such as interest rate or credit risk.

                                                                                                   Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   431
Risk factors / continued




The above measures may have an adverse impact on Prudential                 In response to previous pandemic-related restrictions, Prudential
through their effects on the macroeconomic outlook and the                  implemented changes to its sales and distribution processes in
environment for global regional and national financial markets.             specific markets. These included virtual face-to-face sales of its
They may also increase uncertainties and long-term complexity of            products and the online recruitment, training and, where possible,
legal and regulatory compliance, and result in heightened sanctions         licensing of agents. Such changes may increase or introduce
risk driven by geopolitical conflicts, as well as increase reputational     operational and regulatory risks, in particular those focused on
risks, or may adversely impact Prudential where they apply to, and          customer outcomes and conduct. A failure to apply ongoing
impact, the economic, business, legal and regulatory environment            appropriate governance and management of these risks may
in specific markets or territories in which the Group, its joint ventures   adversely impact Prudential’s reputation and brand and the results
or jointly owned businesses, sales and distribution networks,               of its operations. In markets where the level of sales under these
or third-party service providers have operations. For internationally       processes is material or where such processes become permanent
active groups such as Prudential, operating across multiple                 distribution channels, the commercial value of the Group’s existing
jurisdictions, such measures may also add to the complexity of legal        sale and distribution arrangements, such as bancassurance
and regulatory compliance and increase the risk of conflicts between        arrangements, may be adversely impacted.
the requirements of one jurisdiction and another. See risk factor
4.1 below.                                                                  1.4 As a holding company, Prudential is dependent upon its
                                                                            subsidiaries to cover operating expenses and dividend payments.
Geopolitical and political risks and uncertainty may also adversely         The Group’s insurance and investment management operations
impact the Group’s operations and its operational resilience.               are generally conducted through direct and indirect subsidiaries,
Increased geopolitical tensions may increase domestic and                   which are subject to the risks discussed elsewhere in this
cross-border cyber intrusion activity and therefore increase cyber          ‘Risk Factors’ section.
security risks. Geopolitical and political tensions may also lead to
conflict, civil unrest and/or acts of civil disobedience. Such events       As a holding company, Prudential’s principal sources of funds
could impact operational resilience by disrupting Prudential’s              are remittances from subsidiaries, shareholder-backed funds,
systems, operations, new business sales and renewals, distribution          the shareholder transfer from long-term funds and any amounts
channels and services to customers, which may result in a reduction         that may be raised through the issuance of equity, debt and
in contributions from business units to the central cash balances           commercial paper.
and profit of the Group, decreased profitability, financial loss,           Certain of Prudential’s subsidiaries are subject to insurance, asset
adverse customer impacts and reputational damage and may                    management, foreign exchange and tax laws, rules and regulations
impact Prudential’s business, financial condition, results of operations    (including in relation to distributable profits that can limit their ability
and prospects.                                                              to make remittances). In some circumstances, including where there
Legislative or regulatory changes which adversely impact                    are changes to general market conditions, this could limit Prudential’s
Hong Kong’s economy or its international trading and economic               ability to pay dividends to shareholders or to make available funds
relationships, in particular, may result in adverse sales, operational      held in certain subsidiaries to cover operating expenses of other
and product distribution impacts to the Group due to the territory          members of the Group.
being a key market which also hosts Group head office functions.            A material change in the financial condition of any of Prudential’s
1.3 Covid-19 continues to have the potential to impact                      subsidiaries may have a material effect on its business, financial
financial market volatility and global economic activity,                   condition, results of operations and prospects.
increase operational disruption risks for businesses and                    1.5 Prudential is subject to the risk of potential sovereign debt
adversely impact Prudential’s sales in affected markets and                 credit deterioration owing to the amounts of sovereign debt
its financial condition, results of operations and prospects.               obligations held in its investment portfolio.
Whilst most markets have moved to an endemic approach in                    Investing in sovereign debt creates exposure to the direct or indirect
managing Covid-19, the broader long-term macroeconomic impacts              consequences of geopolitical or political, social or economic changes
of Covid-19 continue to add uncertainty to the stability and outlook        (including changes in governments, heads of state or monarchs),
of equity markets, interest rates and credit spreads, and have the          military conflicts, pandemics and associated disruption, and other
potential to affect market liquidity and reduce global economic             events affecting the markets in which the issuers of such debt are
activity. The potential adverse impacts to the Group of these effects       located and the creditworthiness of the sovereign. Investment in
are detailed in risk factor 1.1 above. Where measures to contain            sovereign debt obligations involves risks not present in debt
Covid-19 have been in effect, the level of sales activity in affected       obligations of corporate issuers. In addition, the issuer of the debt or
markets has been adversely impacted through a reduction in travel,          the governmental authorities that control the repayment of the debt
and in agency and bancassurance activity. In particular, sales in the       may be unable or unwilling to repay principal or pay interest when
Group’s Hong Kong business have been adversely impacted by the              due (or in their agreed currency) in accordance with the terms of such
border restrictions in place with the Chinese Mainland. The recent          debt, and Prudential may have limited recourse to compel payment
easing of pandemic-related restrictions and the reopening of borders        in the event of a default. A sovereign debtor’s willingness or ability
may help with recovery in sales levels in Hong Kong, however,               to repay principal and to pay interest in a timely manner may be
uncertainty remains on the return of Chinese Mainland customers             affected by, among other factors, its cash flow situation, its relations
as well as the resumption of their demand for the Group’s products          with its central bank, the extent and availability of its foreign currency
in Hong Kong. The longer-term effects of Covid-19 have included,            reserves, the availability of sufficient foreign exchange on the date
and may continue to include, latent morbidity impacts from the              a payment is due, the relative size of the debt service burden to the
deferral of medical treatment by policyholders. It may be a factor in       economy as a whole, the sovereign debtor’s policy toward local and
increasing morbidity claims and there may be implications from other        international lenders, geopolitical tensions and conflicts and the
factors such as long-term post-Covid-19 symptoms (although there            political constraints to which the sovereign debtor may be subject.
is currently no consensus on the longer term impact on morbidity).




432                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                    prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                          Group overview




Moreover, governments may use a variety of techniques, such as               1.7 Prudential is subject to the risk of exchange rate
intervention by their central banks or imposition of regulatory              fluctuations owing to the geographical diversity of its



                                                                                                                                                          Strategic report
controls or taxes, to devalue their currencies’ exchange rates, or may       businesses.
adopt monetary, fiscal and other policies (including to manage their         Due to the geographical diversity of Prudential’s businesses,
debt burdens) that have a similar effect, all of which could adversely       Prudential is subject to the risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
impact the value of an investment in sovereign debt even in the              Prudential’s operations generally write policies and invest in assets
absence of a technical default. Periods of economic uncertainty may          denominated in local currencies. Although this practice limits the
affect the volatility of market prices of sovereign debt to a greater        effect of exchange rate fluctuations on local operating results, it can
extent than the volatility inherent in debt obligations of other types       lead to fluctuations in Prudential’s consolidated financial statements
of issuers.                                                                  upon the translation of results into the Group’s presentation currency.
                                                                             This exposure is not currently separately managed. The Group
In addition, if a sovereign default or other such events described
                                                                             presents its consolidated financial statements in US dollars. The

                                                                                                                                                          Governance
above were to occur, as has happened on certain occasions in the
                                                                             results of some entities within the Group are not denominated in or
past, other financial institutions may also suffer losses or experience
                                                                             linked to the US dollar and some enter into transactions which are
solvency or other concerns, which may result in Prudential facing
                                                                             conducted in non-US dollar currencies. Prudential is subject to the risk
additional risks relating to investments in such financial institutions
                                                                             of exchange rate fluctuations from the translation of the results of
that are held in the Group’s investment portfolio. There is also risk
                                                                             these entities and non-US dollar transactions and the risks from the
that public perceptions about the stability and creditworthiness
                                                                             maintenance of the HK dollar peg to the US dollar. In cases where
of financial institutions and the financial sector generally might be
                                                                             a non-US dollar denominated surplus arises in an operation which
adversely affected as might counterparty relationships between
                                                                             is to be used to support Group capital or shareholders’ interest
financial institutions.
                                                                             (ie remittances), this currency exposure may be hedged where




                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ remuneration report
If a sovereign were to default on its obligations, or adopt policies that    considered economically favourable. Prudential is also subject to
devalued or otherwise altered the currencies in which its obligations        the residual risks arising from currency swaps and other derivatives
were denominated, this could have a material adverse effect on               that are used to manage the currency exposure.
Prudential’s business, financial condition, results of operations
                                                                             2. Risks relating to sustainability and environmental, social
and prospects.
                                                                             and governance (‘esg’) matters
1.6 Downgrades in Prudential’s financial strength and credit                 2.1 The failure to understand and respond effectively to
ratings could significantly impact its competitive position                  the risks associated with ESG factors could adversely affect
and damage its relationships with creditors or trading                       Prudential’s achievement of its long‑term strategy.
counterparties.                                                              A failure to manage the material risks associated with key ESG
Prudential’s financial strength and credit ratings, which are used           themes detailed below may undermine the Group from meeting
by the market to measure its ability to meet policyholder obligations,       its ESG commitments and the sustainability of Prudential by
are an important factor affecting public confidence in Prudential’s          adversely impacting the Group’s reputation and brand, and its ability




                                                                                                                                                          Financial statements
products, and as a result its competitiveness. Downgrades in                 to attract and retain customers and employees, and therefore the
Prudential’s ratings as a result of, for example, decreased profitability,   results of its operations and delivery of its strategy and long-term
increased costs, increased indebtedness or other concerns could have         financial success.
an adverse effect on its ability to market products and retain current
                                                                             (a) Environmental risks
policyholders, as well as the Group’s ability to compete for acquisition
                                                                             Environmental concerns, notably those associated with climate
and strategic opportunities. Downgrades may also impact the
                                                                             change and their social and economic impacts, present long-term
Group’s financial flexibility, including its ability to issue commercial
                                                                             risks to the sustainability of Prudential and may impact its customers
paper at acceptable levels and pricing. The interest rates at which
                                                                             and other stakeholders.
Prudential is able to borrow funds are affected by its credit ratings,




                                                                                                                                                          European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
which are in place to measure the Group’s ability to meet its                Prudential’s investment horizons are long-term, and it is therefore
contractual obligations.                                                     exposed to the potential long-term impact of climate change risks,
                                                                             which include the financial and non-financial impact of the transition
In addition, changes in methodologies and criteria used by rating
                                                                             to a lower carbon economy, physical, reputational and shareholder,
agencies could result in downgrades that do not reflect changes in
                                                                             customer or third-party litigation risks. The global transition to a lower
the general economic conditions or Prudential’s financial condition.
                                                                             carbon economy may have an adverse impact on investment
In addition, any such downgrades could have a material adverse               valuations and liquidity as the financial assets of carbon intensive
effect on Prudential’s business, financial condition, results of             companies re-price, and this could result in some asset sectors
operations and prospects. Prudential cannot predict what actions             facing significantly higher costs and a reduction in demand for their
rating agencies may take, or what actions Prudential may take                products and services. The speed of this transition, and the extent
in response to any such actions, which could adversely affect                to which it is orderly and managed, will be influenced by factors such
its business.                                                                as changes in public policy, technology and market or investor
                                                                             sentiment. The potential impact of these factors on the valuation
Any such downgrade of the Group could have an adverse effect on              of investments may also have a broader economic impact that
Prudential’s financial flexibility, requirements to post collateral under    may adversely affect customers and their demand for the Group’s
or in connection with transactions and ability to manage market risk         products. Direct physical and other risks from climate change and
exposures. In addition, the interest rates or other costs that the Group     the transition to a lower carbon economy have the potential to




                                                                                                                                                          Additional information
incurs in respect of its financing activities may increase as a result.      disproportionately impact the Asia and Africa markets in which
A credit rating downgrade may also affect public confidence in the           Prudential operates and invests, and the Group’s stakeholders
Group’s products and may adversely impact on its ability to market           increasingly expect and/or rely on the Group to support an orderly,
products, retain current policyholders or attract new policyholders.         inclusive and sustainable transition based on an understanding of
                                                                             relevant market and company-level transition plans taking into
                                                                             consideration the impact on the economies, businesses, communities
                                                                             and customers in these markets.


                                                                                                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    433
Risk factors / continued




The Group’s ability to sufficiently understand and appropriately           As a result, Prudential has access to extensive amounts of customer
respond to transition risk and its ability to deliver on its external      personal data, including data related to personal health, and an
carbon reduction commitments and the implementation of ESG                 increasing ability to analyse and interpret this data through the
considerations in existing or new ESG-orientated products may be           use of complex tools, machine learning and artificial intelligence
limited by insufficient or unreliable data on carbon exposure and          technologies. The Group is therefore exposed to the regulatory,
transition plans for the investee company assets in which it invests.      ethical and reputational risks associated with customer data misuse
The direct physical impacts of climate change, driven by both specific     or security breaches. These risks are explained in risk factor 3.5.
short-term climate-related events such as natural disasters and            The increasing digitalisation of products, services and processes
longer-term changes to climate and the natural environment,                may also result in new and unforeseen regulatory requirements and
are likely to become increasingly significant factors in the mortality     stakeholder expectations, including those relating to how the Group
and morbidity risk assessments for the Group’s insurance product           supports its customers through this transformation.
underwriting and offerings and their associated claims profiles.
Such short-term and long-term changes in markets where Prudential          The Group believes in supporting human rights and acting
or its key third parties operate could adversely impact the Group’s        responsibly and with integrity in everything the Group does, and is
operational resilience and its customers, which may potentially occur      committed to fostering an inclusive, diverse and open environment
through migration or displacement both within and across borders.          for its employees in accordance with the principles of the Universal
                                                                           Declaration of Human Rights and of the International Labour
The pace and volume of global standards and climate-related                Organisation’s core labour standards. The potential for reputational
regulations emerging across the markets in which the Group operates,       risk extends to the Group’s supply chains and its investee companies,
the need to deliver on existing and new exclusions or restrictions         which may be exposed to factors such as poor labour standards and
on investments in certain sectors, engagement and reporting                abuses of human rights by third parties. The Group is committed to
commitments and the demand for externally assured reporting may            zero tolerance of slavery, human trafficking, child labour and any
give rise to compliance, operational and disclosure and litigation risks   other form of human rights abuse within the Group or in its supply
which may be increased by the multi-jurisdictional coordination            chains globally.
required in adopting a consistent risk management approach. The
launch of ESG-orientated products, or the (method of) incorporation        (c) Governance
of ESG considerations in the investment process for existing products,     A failure to maintain high standards of corporate governance
may increase the risks related to the perceived fulfilment of fiduciary    may adversely impact the Group and its customers and employees
duties to customers by the Group’s asset managers and may increase         and increase the risk of poor decision-making and a lack of oversight
regulatory compliance, customer conduct, product disclosure and            and management of its key risks. Poor governance may arise
customer litigation risks. Prudential’s voluntary memberships of,          where key governance committees have insufficient independence,
or participation within, industry organisations and groups or their        a lack of diversity, skills or experience in their members, or unclear
initiatives may increase stakeholder expectations of the Group’s           (or insufficient) oversight responsibilities and mandates. Inadequate
acquiescence or compliance with their publicised positions or aims         oversight over remuneration also increases the risk of poor senior
and therefore may increase the reputational risk of the Group where        management behaviours.
their positions or aims evolve. See risk factor 4.1 for details of ESG     Prudential operates across multiple jurisdictions and has a group and
and sustainability-related regulatory and supervisory developments         subsidiary governance structure which may add further complexity
with potential impacts the Group.                                          to these considerations. Participation in joint ventures or partnerships
A failure to understand, manage and provide greater transparency           where Prudential does not have direct overall control, and the use of
of its exposure to these climate-related risks may have increasingly       third-party service providers, increase the potential for reputational
adverse implications for Prudential and its stakeholders.                  risks arising from inadequate governance.

(b) Social risks                                                           Sustainability and ESG-related risks may directly or indirectly impact
Social risks that could impact Prudential may arise from a failure         Prudential’s business and the achievement of its strategic focus on
to consider the rights, diversity, well-being, changing needs,             providing greater and more inclusive access to good health and
human rights and interests of its customers and employees and the          financial security, responsible stewardship in managing the human
communities in which the Group or its third parties operate. Perceived     impact of climate change and building human and social capital
inequity and income disparities (both with developed markets and           with its broad range of stakeholders, which range from customers,
within the Group’s markets), intensified by the pandemic, have the         institutional investors, employees and suppliers, to policymakers,
potential to further erode social cohesion across the Group’s markets      regulators, industry organisations and local communities. A failure to
which may increase operational and disruption risks for Prudential.        transparently and consistently implement the Group’s ESG strategy
Direct physical impacts of climate change and deterioration of the         across operational, underwriting and investment activities, as well as
natural environment and the global transition to a lower carbon            a failure to implement and uphold responsible business practices,
economy may disproportionately impact the stability of livelihoods         may adversely impact the financial condition and reputation of the
and health of lower socioeconomic groups within the markets in             Group. This may also negatively impact the Group’s stakeholders,
which the Group operates. These risks are heightened as Prudential         who all have expectations, concerns and aims related to ESG and
operates in multiple jurisdictions and vulnerable to climate change,       sustainability matters, which may differ, both within and across the
with distinct local cultures and considerations.                           markets in which the Group operates. In its investment activities,
                                                                           Prudential’s stakeholders increasingly have expectations of, and
Evolving social norms and emerging population risks associated             place reliance on, an approach to responsible investment that
with public health trends (such as an increase in obesity and mental       demonstrates how ESG and sustainability considerations are
health deterioration) and demographic changes (such as population          effectively integrated into investment decisions, responsible supply
urbanisation and ageing) may affect customer lifestyles and                chain management and the performance of fiduciary and
therefore may impact the level of claims under the Group’s insurance       stewardship duties. These duties include effective implementation of
product offerings. As a provider of insurance and investment services,     exclusions, voting and active engagement decisions with respect to
the Group is increasingly focused on making its products more              investee companies, as both an asset owner and an asset manager,
accessible through digital innovation, technologies and distribution       in line with internally defined procedures and external commitments.
methods for a broadening range of products and services.


434               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                 prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                       Group overview




The increased demands and expectations of stakeholders for                  Further, heightened competition for talented and skilled employees,
transparency and disclosure of the activities that support these            agents and independent financial advisers may limit Prudential’s



                                                                                                                                                       Strategic report
duties further heightens disclosure risks for the Group, including those    potential to grow its business as quickly as planned or otherwise
associated with potentially overstating or mis-stating the positive         implement its strategy. Technological advances, including those
environmental or societal impacts of the Group’s activities, products       enabling increased capability for gathering large volumes of
and services (eg greenwashing).                                             customer health data and developments in capabilities and tools in
                                                                            analysing and interpreting such data (such as artificial intelligence
3. Risks relating to prudential’s business activities and industry
                                                                            and machine learning), may result in increased competition to the
3.1 The implementation of large-scale transformation,
                                                                            Group, both from within and outside the insurance industry, and may
including complex strategic initiatives, gives rise to significant
                                                                            increase the competition risks resulting from a failure to be able to
design and execution risks and may affect Prudential’s
                                                                            attract or retain talent.
operational capability and capacity. Failure of these initiatives


                                                                                                                                                       Governance
to meet their objectives may adversely impact the Group and                 The Group’s principal competitors include global life insurers, regional
the delivery of its strategy.                                               insurers and multinational asset managers. In most markets, there
Where required in order to implement its business strategies for            are also local companies that have a material market presence.
growth, meet customer needs, improve customer experiences,
strengthen operational resilience, meet regulatory and industry             Prudential believes that competition will intensify across all regions
requirements and maintain market competitiveness, Prudential from           in response to consumer demand, digital and other technological
time to time undertakes corporate restructuring, transformation             advances (including the emergence and maturing of new distribution
programmes and acquisitions and disposals across its business.              channels), the need for economies of scale and the consequential
Many of these change initiatives are complex, inter-connected               impact of consolidation, regulatory actions and other factors.
                                                                            Prudential’s ability to generate an appropriate return depends




                                                                                                                                                       Directors’ remuneration report
and/or of large scale, and include improvement of business
efficiencies through operating model changes, advancing the Group’s         significantly upon its capacity to anticipate and respond
digital capability, expanding strategic partnerships and industry and       appropriately to these competitive pressures. This includes managing
regulatory-driven change. There may be a material adverse effect            the potential adverse impacts to the commercial value of the Group’s
on Prudential’s business, employees, customers, financial condition,        existing sale and distribution arrangements, such as bancassurance
results of operations and prospects if these initiatives incur              arrangements, in markets where new distribution channels develop.
unplanned costs, are subject to implementation delays, or fail to fully     Failure to do so may adversely impact Prudential’s ability to attract
meet their objectives. There may also be adverse implications for           and retain customers and, importantly, may limit Prudential’s ability
the Group in undertaking transformation initiatives such as placing         to take advantage of new business arising in the markets in which it
additional strain on employees, operational capacity, and weakening         operates, which may have an adverse impact on the Group’s business,
the control environment. Implementing initiatives related to                financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.
significant accounting standard changes, such as IFRS 17, and other
regulatory changes in major businesses of the Group, such as those          3.3 Adverse experience in the operational risks inherent in




                                                                                                                                                       Financial statements
related to the sale and management of investment-linked products            Prudential’s business, and those of its material outsourcing
at the Indonesia businesses, may amplify these risks. Leadership            partners, could disrupt its business functions and have a
changes and changes to the business and operational model of                negative impact on its business, financial condition, results
the Group increase uncertainty for its employees, which may affect          of operations and prospects.
operational capacity and the ability of the Group to deliver its            Operational risks are present in all of Prudential’s businesses,
strategy. Risks relating to these regulatory changes are explained          including the risk of loss arising from inadequate or failed internal
in risk factor 4.1 below.                                                   processes, systems or human error, fraud, the effects of natural
                                                                            or man-made catastrophic events (such as natural disasters,
The speed of technological change in the business could outpace             pandemics, cyber-attacks, acts of terrorism, civil unrest and other
the Group’s ability to anticipate all the unintended consequences           catastrophes) or other external events. These risks may also adversely




                                                                                                                                                       European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
that may arise from such change. Innovative technologies, such as           impact Prudential through its partners. Prudential relies on the
artificial intelligence, expose Prudential to potential additional          performance and operations of a number of bancassurance, product
regulatory, information security, operational, ethical and conduct          distribution, outsourcing (including but not limited to external
risks which, if inadequately managed, could result in customer              technology, data hosting and pauments) and service partners.
detriment and reputational damage.                                          These include back office support functions, such as those relating to
3.2 Prudential’s businesses are conducted in highly competitive             technology infrastructure, development and support and customer
environments with rapidly developing demographic trends.                    facing operations and services, such as product distribution and
The profitability of the Group’s businesses depends on                      services (including through digital channels) and investment
management’s ability to respond to these pressures and trends.              operations. This creates reliance upon the resilient operational
The markets for financial services are highly competitive, with a           performance of these partners and exposes Prudential to the risk that
number of factors affecting Prudential’s ability to sell its products       the operations and services provided by these partners are disrupted
and profitability, including price and yields offered, financial strength   or fail. Further, Prudential operates in extensive and evolving legal
and ratings, range of product lines and product quality, ability to         and regulatory environments which adds to the complexity of the
implement and comply with regulatory changes, the imposition                governance and operation of its business processes and controls.
of regulatory sanctions, brand strength and name recognition,               Exposure to such risks could impact Prudential’s operational resilience
investment management performance and fund management                       and ability to perform necessary business functions when there




                                                                                                                                                       Additional information
trends, historical bonus levels, the ability to respond to developing       are disruptions to its systems, operations, new business sales and
demographic trends, customer appetite for certain savings products          renewals, distribution channels and services to customers, or result
(which may be impacted by broader economic pressures) and                   in the loss of confidential or proprietary data. Such risks, as well as
technological advances. In some of its markets, Prudential faces            any weaknesses in administration systems (such as those relating
competitors that are larger, have greater financial resources or a          to policyholder records) or actuarial reserving processes, may also
greater market share, offer a broader range of products or have             result in increased expenses, as well as legal and regulatory sanctions,
higher bonus rates.                                                         decreased profitability, financial loss and customer conduct
                                                                            risk impacts.

                                                                                                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   435
Risk factors / continued




This could damage Prudential’s reputation and relationship with its         3.4 Attempts to access or disrupt Prudential’s technology
customers and business partners. A failure to adequately oversee            systems, and loss or misuse of personal data, could result in
service partners (or their technology and operational systems and           loss of trust from Prudential’s customers and employees and
processes) could result in significant service degradation or disruption    reputational damage, which could have material adverse
to Prudential’s business operations and services to its customers,          effects on the Group’s business, financial condition, results
which may have reputational or conduct risk implications and could          of operations and prospects.
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial           Prudential and its business partners are increasingly exposed to
condition, results of operations and prospects.                             the risk that individuals (which includes connected persons such
                                                                            as employees, contractors or representatives of Prudential or its
Prudential’s business requires the processing of a large number of
                                                                            third-party service providers, and unconnected persons) or groups
transactions for a diverse range of products. It also employs complex
                                                                            may intentionally or unintentionally disrupt the availability,
and inter-connected technology and finance systems, models, and
                                                                            confidentiality and integrity of its technology systems or compromise
user developed applications in its processes to perform a range of
                                                                            the integrity and security of data (both corporate and customer),
operational functions. These functions include the calculation of
                                                                            including disruption from ransomware (malicious software designed
regulatory or internal capital requirements, the valuation of assets
                                                                            to restrict Prudential’s access to data until the payment of a sum of
and liabilities and the acquisition of new business using artificial
                                                                            money and to exfiltrate data with a threat to publicly expose
intelligence and digital applications. Many of these tools form an
                                                                            Prudential data if a ransom payment is not paid), and untargeted but
integral part of the information and decision-making frameworks
                                                                            sophisticated and automated attacks. Where these risks materialise,
used by Prudential and the risk of adverse consequences arising from
                                                                            this could result in disruption to key operations, make it difficult to
erroneous or misinterpreted tools used in core business activities,
                                                                            recover critical data or services or damage assets, any of which could
decision-making and reporting exists. Errors or limitations in these
                                                                            result in loss of trust from Prudential’s customers and employees,
tools, or their inappropriate usage, may lead to regulatory breaches,
                                                                            reputational damage and direct or indirect financial loss. The
inappropriate decision-making, financial loss, customer detriment,
                                                                            Russia-Ukraine conflict has coincided with a significant increase
inaccurate external reporting or reputational damage. The long-term
                                                                            in reported cyber threats and attacks during 2022. Cyber-security
nature of much of the Group’s business also means that accurate
                                                                            threats continue to evolve globally in sophistication and potential
records are to be maintained securely for significant time periods.
                                                                            significance. Prudential’s increasing profile in its current markets and
The performance of the Group’s core business activities and the             those in which it is entering, growing customer interest in interacting
uninterrupted availability of services to customers rely significantly      with their insurance providers and asset managers through the
on, and require significant investment in, resilient IT applications,       internet and social media, improved brand awareness, and increasing
infrastructure and security architectural design, data governance and       adoption of the Group’s digital platforms could also increase the
management and other operational systems, personnel, controls and           likelihood of Prudential being considered a target by cyber criminals.
processes. During large-scale disruptive events or times of significant     Ransomware campaigns have increased in frequency and represent
change, or due to other factors impacting operational performance           an increasing threat to the financial services sector, with recent highly
including adequacy of skilled/experienced personnel, the resilience         publicised attacks on financial services companies.
and operational effectiveness of these systems and processes at
                                                                            There is an increasing requirement and expectation on Prudential
Prudential and/or its third-party service providers may be adversely
                                                                            and its business partners not only to hold the data of customers,
impacted. In particular, Prudential and its business partners are
                                                                            shareholders and employees securely, but also to ensure its ongoing
making increasing use of emerging technological tools and digital
                                                                            accuracy and that it is being used in a transparent, appropriate and
services, or forming strategic partnerships with third parties to provide
                                                                            ethical way, including in decision-making where automated processes
these capabilities. Automated distribution channels and services to
                                                                            are employed. As Prudential and its business partners increasingly
customers increase the criticality of providing uninterrupted services.
                                                                            adopt digital technology in business operations, the data the Group
A failure to implement appropriate governance and management of
                                                                            generates creates an opportunity to enhance customer engagement
the incremental operational risks from emerging technologies may
                                                                            while maintaining a responsibility to keep customers’ personal data
adversely impact Prudential’s reputation and brand, the results of its
                                                                            safe. Prudential adheres to data minimisation and ‘privacy-by-design’
operations, its ability to attract and retain customers and its ability
                                                                            principles, ensuring that the Group only collects and uses data for its
to deliver on its long-term strategy and therefore its competitiveness
                                                                            intended purpose and does not retain it longer than necessary, and
and long-term financial success.
                                                                            that privacy elements are present both at the onset and throughout
Although Prudential’s technology, compliance and other operational          the Group’s entire data processes. The handling of customer’s data is
systems, models and processes incorporate governance and controls           governed by specific policies and frameworks, such as the Group
designed to manage and mitigate the operational and model risks             Information Security Policy, the Group Privacy Policy and the Group
associated with its activities, there can be no complete assurance as       Data Policy. A failure to adhere to these polices may result in
to the resilience of these systems and processes to disruption or that      regulatory scrutiny and sanctions and detriment to customers and
governance and controls will always be effective. Due to human error,       third-party partners, and may adversely impact the reputation and
among other reasons, operational and model risk incidents do occur          brand of the Group, its ability to attract and retain customers and
from time to time and no system or process can entirely prevent             deliver on its long-term strategy and therefore the results of its
them. Prudential’s legacy and other technology systems, data and            operations.
processes, as with operational systems and processes generally,
                                                                            The risk to the Group of not meeting these requirements and
may also be susceptible to failure or security/data breaches.
                                                                            expectations may be increased by the development of cloud-based
                                                                            infrastructure and the usage of digital distribution and service
                                                                            channels, which can collect a broader range of personal and health-
                                                                            related data from individuals at increased scale and speed, and the
                                                                            use of complex tools, machine learning and artificial intelligence
                                                                            technologies to process, analyse and interpret this data. New and
                                                                            currently unforeseeable regulatory issues may also arise from the
                                                                            increased use of emerging technology. Regulatory developments in
                                                                            cybersecurity and data protection continue to progress worldwide.


436               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                  prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                          Group overview




Across the Group’s markets these include the ongoing development of           > Support for, and development of, the platform may be provided
a holistic data governance regime in the Chinese Mainland, including             outside of the individual markets in which the platform operates,



                                                                                                                                                          Strategic report
the Data Security Law and Personal Information Protection Law, and               which may increase the complexity of local legal and regulatory
the revised Measures for Cybersecurity Review. In Thailand, the                  compliance.
Personal Data Protection Act regulations came into effect in June 2022.       New product offerings and functionality may be developed and
Such developments may increase the complexity of requirements                 provided through the digital platforms, which may introduce new
and obligations in this area, in particular where they include national       regulatory, operational, conduct and strategic risks for the Group.
security restrictions or impose differing and/or conflicting requirements     Regulations may be introduced, which limit the permitted scope
compared with those of other jurisdictions. These risks may also              of online or digitally distributed insurance and asset management
increase the financial and reputational implications for Prudential of        services, and may restrict current or planned offerings provided by
regulatory non-compliance or a significant breach of IT systems or            the platform.
data, including at its joint ventures or third-party service providers.

                                                                                                                                                          Governance
The international transfer of data may, as a global organisation,             A failure to implement appropriate governance and management of
increase regulatory risks for the Group.                                      the incremental and new risks detailed above may adversely impact
                                                                              Prudential’s reputation and brand, its ability to attract and retain
The Group has not, to date, experienced or been affected by any               customers, its competitiveness and its ability to deliver on its
cyber and data breaches which have had a material impact on its               long-term strategy.
operations. However, Prudential has been, and likely will continue to
be, subject to potential damage from computer viruses, unauthorised           3.6 Prudential operates in certain markets with joint venture
access and cyber-security attacks such as ‘denial of service’ attacks,        partners and other shareholders and third parties. These
phishing and disruptive software campaigns. Despite the multi-layers          businesses face the same risks as the rest of the Group and
                                                                              also give rise to certain risks to Prudential that the Group does




                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ remuneration report
security defences in place, there can be no assurance that such events
will not take place which may have material adverse consequential             not face with respect to its wholly owned subsidiaries.
effects on Prudential’s business, financial condition, results of             Prudential operates, and in certain markets is required by local
operations and prospects.                                                     regulation to operate, through joint ventures and other joint
                                                                              ownership or third-party arrangements (including associates). The
3.5 Prudential’s digital platforms may heighten existing                      financial condition, operations and reputation of the Group may be
business risks to the Group or introduce new risks as the                     adversely impacted, or the Group may face regulatory censure, in the
markets in which it operates, and its partnerships and product                event that any of its partners fails or is unable to meet its obligations
offerings evolve.                                                             under the arrangements, encounters financial difficulty, or fails to
Prudential’s digital platforms, including Pulse, are subject to a number      comply with local or international regulation and standards such as
of risks discussed within this ‘Risk Factors’ section. In particular, these   those pertaining to the prevention of financial crime. Reputational
include risks related to legal and regulatory compliance and the              risks to the Group are amplified where any joint ventures or jointly
conduct of business; the execution of complex change initiatives;             owned businesses carry the Prudential name.




                                                                                                                                                          Financial statements
information security and data privacy; the use of models (including
those using artificial intelligence) and the handling of personal data;       A material proportion of the Group’s business comes from its joint
the resilience and integrity of IT infrastructure and operations; and         venture and associate businesses in the Chinese Mainland and India,
those relating to the management of third parties. These existing             respectively. For such operations the level of control exercisable by
risks for the Group may be increased due to a number of factors:              the Group depends on the terms of the contractual agreements,
                                                                              in particular, those terms providing for the allocation of control
> The number of current and planned markets in which Pulse and                among, and continued cooperation between, the participants.
  other digital platforms operate, each with their own laws and               As a result, the level of oversight, control and access to management
  regulations, regulatory and supervisory authorities, the scope of           information the Group is able to exercise at these operations may be
  application of which may be uncertain or change at pace, may                lower compared to the Group’s wholly owned businesses. This may




                                                                                                                                                          European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
  increase regulatory compliance risks;                                       increase the uncertainty for the Group over the financial condition
> The implementation of planned digital platforms and services may            of these operations, including the credit risk profile and valuation
  require the delivery of complex, inter-connected change initiatives         of their investment portfolios and the extent of their invested credit
  across current and planned markets. This may give rise to design            and counterparty credit risk exposure, resulting in heightened risks
  and execution risks, which could be amplified where these change            to the Group as a whole. This may particularly be the case where the
  initiatives are delivered concurrently;                                     geographies in which these operations are located experience market
> The increased volume, breadth and sensitivity of data on which              or sector-specific slowdowns, disruption, volatility or deterioration
  the business model of the platform is dependent and to which                (such as the negative developments in the Chinese Mainland
  the Group has access, holds, analyses and processes through its             property sector). In addition, the level of control exercisable by the
  models, which increases data security, privacy and usage risks.             Group could be affected by changes in the maximum level of
  The use of complex models, including where they use artificial              non-domestic ownership imposed on foreign companies in certain
  intelligence for critical decision-making, in the application’s             jurisdictions. The exposure of the Group to the risks detailed in risk
  features and offerings may give rise to ethical, operational,               factor 3.1 above may also increase should the Group’s strategic
  conduct, litigation and reputational risks where they do not                initiatives include the expansion of the Group’s operations through
  function as intended;                                                       joint ventures or jointly owned businesses.
> The digital platform and its services may rely on and/or collaborate
  with a number of third-party partners and providers, which may




                                                                                                                                                          Additional information
  vary according to the market. This may increase operational
  disruption risks to the uninterrupted provision of services to
  customers, regulatory compliance and conduct risks, and the
  potential for reputational risks; and




                                                                                                      Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    437
Risk factors / continued




In addition, a significant proportion of the Group’s product                In addition, Prudential’s business may be adversely affected by
distribution is carried out through agency arrangements and                 epidemics, pandemics and other effects that give rise to a large
contractual arrangements with third-party service providers not             number of deaths or additional sickness claims, as well as increases
controlled by Prudential, such as bancassurance arrangements,               to the cost of medical claims. Pandemics, significant influenza and
and the Group is therefore dependent upon the continuation                  other epidemics have occurred a number of times historically, but the
of these relationships. The effectiveness of these arrangements,            likelihood, timing, or the severity of future events cannot be predicted.
or temporary or permanent disruption to them, such as through               The effectiveness of external parties, including governmental and
significant deterioration in the reputation, financial position or other    non-governmental organisations, in combating the spread and
circumstances of the third-party service providers, material failure in     severity of any epidemics, as well as pharmaceutical treatments and
controls (such as those pertaining to the third-party service providers’    vaccines (and their roll-outs) and non-pharmaceutical interventions,
systems failure or the prevention of financial crime), regulatory           could have a material impact on the Group’s claims experience.
changes affecting the governance, operation, or failure to meet             The risks to the Group resulting from Covid-19 are included in risk
any regulatory requirements could adversely affect Prudential’s             factor 1.3 above.
reputation and its business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects.                                                              Prudential uses reinsurance to selectively transfer mortality, morbidity
                                                                            and other risks. This exposes the Group to the counterparty risk of a
3.7 Adverse experience relative to the assumptions used                     reinsurer being unable to pay reinsurance claims or otherwise meet
in pricing products and reporting business results could                    their commitments; the risk that a reinsurer changes reinsurance
significantly affect Prudential’s business, financial condition,            terms and conditions of coverage, or increases the price of
results of operations and prospects.                                        reinsurance which Prudential is unable to pass on to its customers; the
In common with other life insurers, the profitability of the Group’s        risk of ambiguity in the reinsurance terms and conditions leading to
businesses depends on a mix of factors including mortality and              uncertainty whether an event is covered under a reinsurance contract;
morbidity levels and trends, policy surrenders and take-up rates            and the risk of being unable to replace an existing reinsurer, or find a
on guarantee features of products, investment performance                   new reinsurer, for the risk transfer being sought.
and impairments, unit cost of administration and new business
acquisition expenses. The Group’s businesses are subject to inflation       Any of the foregoing, individually or together, could have a material
risk. In particular, the Group’s medical insurance businesses are also      adverse effect on Prudential’s business, financial condition, results of
exposed to medical inflation risk. The potential adverse impacts to         operations and prospects.
the Group’s persistency and morbidity experience resulting from             4. Risks relating to legal and regulatory requirements
Covid-19 related restrictions are described in risk factor 1.3 above.       4.1 Prudential conducts its businesses subject to regulation
The potential adverse impacts to the profitability of the Group’s           and associated regulatory risks, including a change to the
businesses from the upheavals in financial markets and levels of            basis in the regulatory supervision of the Group, the effects
economic activity on customer behaviours are described in risk factor       of changes in the laws, regulations, policies and their
1.1 above. While the Group has the ability to re-price some of its          interpretations and any accounting standards in the markets
products, the frequency of re-pricing may need to be increased.             in which it operates.
Such repricing is dependent on the availability of operational and          Changes in government policy and legislation (including in relation
resource capacity to do so, as well as the Group’s ability to implement     to tax and data security), capital control measures on companies
such re-pricing in light of the increased regulatory and societal           and individuals, regulation or regulatory interpretation applying to
expectations reflecting the affordability of insurance products and         companies in the financial services and insurance industries in any of
the protection of vulnerable customers, as well as the commercial           the markets in which Prudential operates (including those related to
considerations of the markets the Group operates in. The profitability      the conduct of business by Prudential or its third-party distributors), or
of the Group’s businesses also may be adversely impacted by medical         decisions taken by regulators in connection with their supervision of
reimbursement downgrade experience following any re-pricing.                members of the Group, which in some circumstances may be applied
Prudential, like other insurers, needs to make assumptions about            retrospectively, may adversely affect Prudential. The impact from
a number of factors in determining the pricing of its products, for         any regulatory changes may be material to Prudential, for example
setting reserves, and for reporting its capital levels and the results of   changes may be required to its product range, distribution channels,
its long-term business operations. A further factor is the assumptions      handling and usage of data, competitiveness, profitability, capital
that Prudential makes about future expected levels of the rates             requirements, risk management approaches, corporate or
of early termination of products by its customers (known as                 governance structure, financial and non-financial disclosures and
persistency). This is relevant to a number of lines of business in the      reported results and financing requirements. Changes in regulations
Group. Prudential’s persistency assumptions reflect a combination           related to capital have the potential to change the extent of
of recent past experience for each relevant line of business and            sensitivity of capital to market factors. Also, regulators in jurisdictions
expert judgement, especially where a lack of relevant and credible          in which Prudential operates may impose requirements affecting
experience data exists. Any expected change in future persistency is        the allocation of capital and liquidity between different business units
also reflected in the assumptions. If actual levels of persistency are      in the Group, whether on a geographic, legal entity, product line or
significantly different than assumed, the Group’s results of operations     other basis. Regulators may also change solvency requirements,
could be adversely affected.                                                methodologies for determining components of the regulatory or
                                                                            statutory balance sheet including the reserves and the level of capital
                                                                            required to be held by individual businesses (with implications to the
                                                                            Group capital position), and the regulation and expectations of
                                                                            customers-facing processes including selling practices, and could
                                                                            introduce changes that impact products sold or that may be sold.
                                                                            Furthermore, as a result of interventions by governments in light of
                                                                            financial and global economic conditions, there may continue to be
                                                                            changes in government regulation and supervision of the financial
                                                                            services industry, including the possibility of higher capital
                                                                            requirements, restrictions on certain types of transactions and
                                                                            enhancement of supervisory powers.

438               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                    prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                      Group overview




In the markets in which it operates, Prudential is subject to regulatory    In November 2019, the IAIS adopted the Common Framework
requirements and obligations with respect to financial crime,               (‘ComFrame’) which establishes supervisory standards and guidance



                                                                                                                                                      Strategic report
including anti-money laundering, and sanctions compliance, which            focusing on the effective group-wide supervision of Internationally
may either impose obligations on the Group to act in a certain              Active Insurance Groups (‘IAIGs’). Prudential was included in the first
manner or restrict the way that it can act in respect of specified          register of IAIGs released by the IAIS on 1 July 2020 and was
individuals, organisations, businesses and/or governments. A failure        designated an IAIG by the Hong Kong IA following an assessment
to do so may adversely impact the reputation of Prudential and/or           against the established criteria in ComFrame.
result in the imposition of legal or regulatory sanctions or restrictions
on the Group. For internationally active groups such as Prudential,         The IAIS has also been developing the ICS as part of ComFrame. The
operating across multiple jurisdictions increases the complexity            implementation of ICS will be conducted in two phases: a five-year
and volume of legal and regulatory compliance. Compliance with              monitoring phase followed by an implementation phase. The
Prudential’s legal or regulatory obligations, including those in respect    Aggregation Method is one of the alternatives being considered to


                                                                                                                                                      Governance
of international sanctions, in one jurisdiction may conflict with the       the default approach undertaken for the ICS during the monitoring
law or policy objectives of another jurisdiction, or may be seen as         period and the related proposals are being led by the National
supporting the law or policy objectives of that jurisdiction over           Association of Insurance Commissioners (‘NAIC’). In June 2022, the
another, creating additional legal, regulatory compliance and               IAIS released a paper on comparable outcomes of the Aggregation
reputational risks for the Group. Geopolitical developments, such as        Method for ICS. Feedback on this public consultation was received by
the Russia-Ukraine conflict and US-China tensions, may result in an         15 August 2022 and the IAIS expects to adopt the comparability
increase in the volume and complexity of international sanctions.           criteria by March 2023.
These risks may be increased where uncertainty exists on the scope          In December 2020, the FSB endorsed a new HF, intended for the
of regulatory requirements and obligations, and where the                   assessment and mitigation of systemic risk in the insurance sector,




                                                                                                                                                      Directors’ remuneration report
complexity of specific cases applicable to the Group is high.               (implemented by the IAIS in 2020), and discontinued G-SII
Further information on specific areas of regulatory and supervisory         designations. Many of the previous G-SII measures have already
requirements and changes are included below.                                been adopted into the Insurance Core Principles (‘ICPs’) and
                                                                            ComFrame, as well as under the Hong Kong IA’s GWS Framework. As
(a) Group-wide Supervision (‘GWS’)                                          an IAIG, Prudential is subject to these measures. The HF also includes
To align Hong Kong’s regulatory regime with international standards         a monitoring element for the identification of a build-up of systemic
and practices, the Hong Kong IA developed its GWS Framework for             risk and to enable supervisors to take action where appropriate. The
multinational insurance groups under its supervision based on a             FSB reserves the right to publicly express its views on whether an
principle-based and outcome-focused approach, which allows the              individual insurer is systemically important in the global context and
Hong Kong IA to exercise direct regulatory powers over the                  the application of any necessary policy measures to address such
designated holding companies of multinational insurance groups.             systemic importance. The FSB will also continue to review the process
The GWS Framework became effective for Prudential upon                      of assessing and mitigating systemic risk based on the HF and may




                                                                                                                                                      Financial statements
designation by the Hong Kong IA on 14 May 2021. Whilst the                  adjust the process, including bringing back G-SII designations if
regulatory requirements are in effect, given the early nature of the        deemed necessary.
regime, there is a risk that the interpretations of the principle-based
regulatory requirements made by the Group in complying with the             There continues to be material change in the regulatory guidance in
regulatory requirements may differ in some aspects from the                 this area, including several areas still in development as part of the
interpretations made by the Hong Kong IA in their supervision of            IAIS’ HF implementation and any new or changing regulations could
these principle-based regulatory requirements or as a result of the         have a further impact on Prudential. Recent developments include:
potential for further regulatory guidance to be issued. Prudential          > At its Annual General Meeting in November 2022, the IAIS
constructively engages with the Hong Kong IA as its Group-wide                Executive Committee agreed to publish the liquidity metrics that
supervisor to ensure ongoing sustainable compliance.                          have been under development to facilitate the monitoring of the




                                                                                                                                                      European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
(b) Global regulatory requirements and systemic risk                          global insurance sector’s liquidity risk.
regulation                                                                  > A public consultation on the review of the individual insurer
Currently there are also a number of ongoing global regulatory                monitoring assessment methodology was launched in January
developments which could impact Prudential’s businesses in the                2023 to look at how to fine tune systemic risk indicators as part of
many jurisdictions in which they operate. These include the work of           the regular tri-annual review of the Global Monitoring Exercise.
the Financial Stability Board (‘FSB’) in the area of systemic risk          > The IAIS Executive Committee also adopted an aggregate report
including assessing and mitigating systemic risk through the Holistic         on the outcomes of the intensive Targeted Jurisdictional
Framework (‘HF’) (replacing the Global Systemically Important                 Assessments of the implementation of the HF supervisory
Insurer ‘G-SII’ designations) and the Insurance Capital Standard              material. A public report is due to be released in the first half of
('ICS’), both being developed by the International Association of             2023. A key conclusion is that significant progress has been made
Insurance Supervisors (‘IAIS’). In addition, regulators in a number of        in implementing macroprudential supervisory requirements in
jurisdictions in which the Group operates are further developing their        recent years.
local capital regimes. There remains a high degree of uncertainty over      (c) Regional regulatory regime developments, including
the potential impact of such changes on the Group.                          climate-related regulatory changes
Efforts to curb systemic risk and promote financial stability are also      In 2022, regulators in Asia continue to focus on the financial and
                                                                            operational resilience of the insurance industry as well as customer




                                                                                                                                                      Additional information
under way. At the international level, the FSB continues to develop
recommendations for the asset management and insurance sectors,             and policyholder protection. New regulations were continuously, and
including ongoing assessment of systemic risk measures. The IAIS            often concurrently, issued in a number of markets to (1) manage
has continued to focus on the following key developments.                   insurance and financial risks, including capital and solvency, and (2)
                                                                            implement effective customer protection, information security and
                                                                            data privacy and residency, third party and technology risk
                                                                            management controls with appropriate corporate governance.



                                                                                                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   439
Risk factors / continued




In some of the Group’s key markets, major regulatory changes and         > In Malaysia, the BNM has initiated a multi-phase review of its
reforms are in progress, with some uncertainty on the full impact to       current RBC frameworks for insurers and takaful operators which
Prudential:                                                                has been conducted since 2019. The review aims to ensure that the
                                                                           frameworks remain effective under changing market conditions,
> In the Chinese Mainland, regulatory developments across a
                                                                           facilitate consistent and comparable capital adequacy
  number of industries including the financial sector, have continued
                                                                           measurement across the insurance and takaful industry, where
  at pace, potentially increasing compliance risk to the Group. Recent
                                                                           appropriate, and achieve greater alignment with key elements of
  regulatory developments in the Chinese Mainland which include
                                                                           the global capital standards such as ICS, where appropriate. The
  the following:
                                                                           roll out of the RBC framework is planned in phases, which include
  – The China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission                  quantitative impact studies carried out in 2022, the issuance of
     (‘CBIRC’) released the official regulation for its China Risk         exposure drafts in 2023, a Qualitative Impact Study (‘QIS’) and a
     Oriented Solvency System (‘C-ROSS II’) Phase II, which became         parallel run planned in 2024 prior to earliest implementation in
     effective for Q1 2022 solvency reporting, subject to ongoing          2025, subject to results of the QIS and parallel run.
     transitional arrangements;
                                                                         > In Hong Kong, the Hong Kong IA has in place comprehensive
  – The Cyberspace Administration of China (‘CAC’) issued the              regulations covering all aspects of the insurance product lifecycle.
     Measures on Security Assessment of Outbound Data Transfers            The regulator continues to place increasing focus of its supervision
     in Q3 2022, which, although provide more information on               on culture and conduct aspects of local insurers. At the same time,
     cross-border data transfers, imposed new requirements                 the Hong Kong IA has sought to align the territory’s insurance
     including a mandatory security assessment on outbound data            regime with international standards and has been developing a
     transfers. Businesses that collect and process the personal           risk-based capital (‘RBC’) framework. The RBC framework
     information of the Chinese Mainland citizens are anticipating         comprises three pillars: quantitative requirements, including
     further requirements to be introduced;                                assessment of capital adequacy and valuation; qualitative
  – CBIRC issued updated rules since late 2022 for consumer rights         requirements, including corporate governance, Enterprise Risk
     protection and information disclosures, where insurers are            Management as well as Own Risk and Solvency Assessment; and
     required to establish mechanisms throughout the business              public disclosures and transparency of information. The Hong
     strategy and product lifecycle with proper governance and             Kong IA approved the early adoption of the framework at the
     customer protection. Sufficient product information and risk          Group’s Hong Kong business in April 2022. In late 2022, the
     disclosures should be also provided for different life insurance      regulator also shared the ongoing industry priorities for 2023
     products. These regulatory developments are intended to               including Insurtech, ESG, and cybersecurity, which are essential in
     promote industry professionalisation, customer satisfaction, and      enabling Hong Kong insurers’ development in the Greater Bay
     sustainability in the long run;                                       Area, further regulatory developments are anticipated. The Hong
  – In light of the continuous market developments in Fintech,             Kong Government also proposed to establish a Policyholder
     sustainability and social media, CBIRC is constantly refining its     Protection Scheme in December 2022 as a safety net for
     supervisory directions including use of new technology for onsite     policyholders in the event of an insurer’s insolvency. A public
     examinations, offsite surveillance and intelligence for risk          consultation is underway until end of March 2023, followed by an
     identification; and urged financial institutions to deploy            industry level consultation within the same year.
     emerging technologies to improve the way businesses manage          > In Thailand, the Personal Data Protection Commission was
     regulatory compliance.                                                established in January 2022, as the regulator under Thailand’s
> In Indonesia, regulatory and supervisory focus on the insurance          Personal Data Protection Act which became effective in June 2022.
  industry remains high. The Financial Services Authority of             > In Vietnam, the amended Insurance Law is set to take effect on
  Indonesia, the Otoritas Jasa Keuangan (‘OJK’) has significantly          1 January 2023. Key amendments include provisions for online
  revised investment linked products (‘ILP’) regulations with the aim      sales; regulating outsourcing; and training and registration
  of increasing insurance penetration and better protecting                obligations of agents. The new law also contains provisions on RBC,
  customer interests and improving market conduct. The final               with a five-year grace period, effective from 1 January 2028.
  regulations were enacted in Q1 2022 for a full adoption in Q1 2023,    > In India, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of
  and have implications for the product strategies and insurance and       India (‘IRDAI’) continues to focus on industry reform by boosting
  compliance risks for insurers. Industry discussion with respect to       innovation, competition, and distribution efficiencies, while moving
  the implementation of some of the requirements under the new             towards a principle-based regulatory regime with considerations of
  regulations is ongoing. General supervisory focus on insurer             technology developments. The regulator is in the process of
  governance has increased, in particular on the autonomy of               relaxing capital requirements and setting distribution tie-up limits
  decision-making of local insurers. The OJK has also focused on           for corporate agents, as well as lengthening the experimentation
  consumer protection regulations more broadly, enacting updated           period for sandbox in order to introduce further ease of doing
  regulations in April 2022, and has recently enhanced regulatory          business for growing India’s insurance penetration by 2030.
  requirements on technology risk management. The Personal Data
  Protection Law came into effect in October 2022, which requires        The increasing use of emerging technological tools and digital
  actions to enhance data protection governance and procedures           services across industry, is likely to lead to new and unforeseen
  including privacy assessments and designated data protection           regulatory requirements and issues, including expectations regarding
  personnel within a two-year transition period. Moreover, a new         the governance and ethical use of technology, artificial intelligence
  financial sector law was passed by the Parliament. A notable           and data. Distribution and product suitability linked to innovation
  change includes a new policy guarantee agency in the insurance         continues to set the pace of conduct regulatory change in Asia.
  sector. The Indonesia Deposit Insurance Corporation will expand        Prudential falls under the scope of these conduct regulations
  their assurance coverage on bank savings to also include insurance     requiring that regulatory changes are appropriately implemented.
  in case of insurers going bankrupt, further details are expected.




440               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                             prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                        Group overview




The pace and volume of climate-related regulatory changes is also           (e) Inter-bank offered rate (‘IBOR’) reforms
increasing. Regulators including the Hong Kong IA, the Monetary             In July 2014, the FSB announced widespread reforms to address the



                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
Authority of Singapore, the BNM in Malaysia and the Financial               integrity and reliability of IBORs. The discontinuation of IBORs in their
Supervisory Commission in Taiwan are in the process of developing           current form and their replacement with alternative risk-free
supervisory and disclosure requirements or guidelines related to            reference rates such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate
environmental and climate change risk management. Other                     (‘SOFR’) in the US and the Singapore Swap Offer Rate (‘SOR’) could,
regulators are expected to develop, or are at the early stages of           among other things, impact the Group through an adverse effect on
developing, similar requirements. While the Hong Kong IA has yet to         the value of Prudential’s assets and liabilities which are linked to or
propose any insurance-specific regulations on sustainability and            which reference IBORs, a reduction in market liquidity during any
climate, it has regularly emphasised its increasing focus in this area in   period of transition and increased legal and conduct risks to the
order to support Hong Kong’s position as a regional green finance           Group arising from changes required to documentation and its
hub, and industry consultations are expected from the Hong Kong IA          related obligations to its stakeholders.

                                                                                                                                                        Governance
in 2023. International regulatory and supervisory bodies, such as the
International Sustainability Standards Board (‘ISSB’) and Taskforce         (f) Investor contribution schemes
on Nature-related Disclosures, are progressing on global ESG and            Various jurisdictions in which Prudential operates have created
sustainability-related disclosure requirements. Recent high-profile         investor compensation schemes that require mandatory
examples of government and regulatory enforcement and civil                 contributions from market participants in some instances in the event
actions against companies for misleading investors on ESG and               of a failure of a market participant. As a major participant in the
sustainability-related information demonstrate that disclosure,             majority of its chosen markets, circumstances could arise in which
reputational and litigation risks remain high and may increase, in          Prudential, along with other companies, may be required to make
particular as companies increase their disclosures or product offerings     such contributions.




                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ remuneration report
in this area. These changes and developments may give rise to               4.2 The conduct of business in a way that adversely impacts
regulatory compliance, customer conduct, operational, reputational          the fair treatment of customers could have a negative impact
and disclosure risks requiring Prudential to coordinate across multiple     on Prudential’s business, financial condition, results of
jurisdictions in order to apply a consistent risk management                operations and prospects or on its relations with current and
approach.                                                                   potential customers.
The rapid pace and high volume of regulatory changes and                    In the course of its operations and at any stage of the customer and
interventions, and swiftness of their application including those           product lifecycle, the Group or its intermediaries may conduct
driven by the financial services industry, have been observed in recent     business in a way that adversely impacts customer outcomes and the
years across many of the Group’s markets. The transformation and            fair treatment of customers (‘conduct risk’). This may arise through a
regulatory changes have the potential to introduce new, or increase         failure to design, provide and promote suitable products and services
existing, regulatory risks and supervisory interest while increasing the    to customers that meet their needs, are clearly explained or deliver
complexity of ensuring concurrent regulatory compliance across              real value, provide and promote a high standard of customer service,




                                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
markets driven by potential for increased intra-Group connectivity          appropriately and responsibly manage customer information, or
and dependencies. In jurisdictions with ongoing policy initiatives and      appropriately handle and assess complaints. A failure to identify or
regulatory developments which will impact the way Prudential is             implement appropriate governance and management of conduct
supervised, these developments are monitored at market and group            risk may result in harm to customers and regulatory sanctions and
level and inform the Group’s risk framework and engagement with             restrictions, and may adversely impact Prudential’s reputation and
government policy makers, industry groups and regulators.                   brand, its ability to attract and retain customers, its competitiveness,
                                                                            and its ability to deliver on its long-term strategy. There is an
(d) IFRS 17                                                                 increased focus by regulators and supervisors on customer
IFRS 17 became effective from 1 January 2023 and the first external         protection, suitability, and inclusion across the markets in which the
reporting under this basis will be from half year 2023. The new             Group operates, therefore increasing regulatory compliance and




                                                                                                                                                        European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
standard requires a fundamental change to accounting, presentation          reputational risks to the Group in the event the Group is unable to
and disclosures for insurance contracts as well as the application of       effectively implement the regulatory changes and reforms stated in
significant judgement and new estimation techniques. The Group              risk factor 4.1 above.
has been implementing IFRS 17 through a Group-wide
implementation programme over a multi-year period, involving                Prudential is, and in the future may continue to be, subject to legal
significant enhancements to technology, actuarial and finance               and regulatory actions in the ordinary course of its business on
systems and processes across the Group. The Group has yet to                matters relevant to the delivery of customer outcomes. Such actions
complete production of its 2022 comparatives using the IFRS 17              relate, and could in the future relate, to the application of current
accounting standard. IFRS 17 presents a significant change to the           regulations or the failure to implement new regulations, regulatory
method of accounting for insurance contracts. Therefore, in the short       reviews of broader industry practices and products sold (including in
term, it may take time for investors, rating agencies and other             relation to lines of business that are no longer active) in the past
stakeholders to gain familiarity with the new standard and to               under acceptable industry or market practices at the time and
interpret the Group’s business performance and dynamics as                  changes to the tax regime affecting products. Regulators may also
reported under IFRS 17, and in particular to understand the                 focus on the approach that product providers use to select third-party
comparisons with previous financial periods.                                distributors and to monitor the appropriateness of sales made by
                                                                            them and the responsibility of product providers for the deficiencies
Apart from IFRS 17, any other changes or modification of IFRS               of third-party distributors.




                                                                                                                                                        Additional information
accounting policies may also require a change in the way in which
future results will be determined and/or a retrospective adjustment of      There is a risk that new regulations introduced may have a material
reported results to ensure consistency.                                     adverse effect on the sales of the products by Prudential and increase
                                                                            Prudential’s exposure to legal risks. Any regulatory action arising out
                                                                            of the Group’s position as a product provider could have an adverse
                                                                            impact on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of
                                                                            operations and prospects, or otherwise harm its reputation.



                                                                                                    Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   441
Risk factors / continued




4.3 Litigation, disputes and regulatory investigations may                  On 20 December 2021 the OECD published detailed model rules for
adversely affect Prudential’s business, financial condition, cash           the second pillar, with implementation of the rules initially envisaged
flows, results of operations and prospects.                                 by 2023. These rules will apply to Prudential when implemented into
Prudential is, and may in the future be, subject to legal actions,          the national law of jurisdictions where it has entities within the scope
disputes and regulatory investigations in various contexts, including       of the rules. On 14 March 2022 the OECD issued detailed guidance to
in the ordinary course of its insurance, investment management and          assist with interpreting the model rules. On 20 December 2022 the
other business operations. These legal actions, disputes and                OECD issued additional documents including proposals for safe
investigations may relate to aspects of Prudential’s businesses and         harbours and a consultation on the proposed information return. On
operations that are specific to Prudential, or that are common to           2 February 2023 the OECD also issued its first tranche of agreed
companies that operate in Prudential’s markets. Legal actions and           administrative guidance which is intended to ensure that the model
disputes may arise under contracts, regulations or from a course of         rules are implemented and applied in a co-ordinated manner. It is
conduct taken by Prudential, including class action litigation.             expected that a revised version of the guidance (which was issued in
Although Prudential believes that it has adequately provided in all         March 2022) will be released later this year. Furthermore, the OECD is
material respects for the costs of litigation and regulatory matters, no    expected to publish further agreed administrative guidance on an
assurance can be provided that such provisions are sufficient. Given        ongoing basis.
the large or indeterminate amounts of damages sometimes sought,
other sanctions that might be imposed and the inherent                      On 17 November 2022 the UK government confirmed its intention to
unpredictability of litigation and disputes, it is possible that an         implement rules into UK legislation for the second pillar through
adverse outcome could have an adverse effect on Prudential’s                inclusion in the Spring Finance Bill 2023 with the rules applying to
business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and        accounting periods beginning on or after 31 December 2023. On
prospects.                                                                  23 December 2022, the parliament of the Republic of Korea
                                                                            approved the budget bill for 2023 which includes the enactment of
4.4 Changes in tax legislation may result in adverse tax                    rules for the second pillar. This enactment of the rules in the Republic
consequences for the Group’s business, financial condition,                 of Korea is not, in isolation, expected to have any impact for
results of operations and prospects.                                        Prudential.
Tax rules, including those relating to the insurance industry, and their
interpretation may change, possibly with retrospective effect in any        A number of jurisdictions in which Prudential has operations have
of the jurisdictions in which Prudential operates. Significant tax          indicated that consideration is being given to introducing a domestic
disputes with tax authorities, and any change in the tax status of any      minimum tax for in-scope multinationals alongside introducing the
member of the Group or in taxation legislation or its scope or              model rules. As Prudential operates in a number of jurisdictions where
interpretation could affect Prudential’s business, financial condition,     the effective tax rate can be less than 15 per cent, the
results of operations and prospects.                                        implementation of the model rules and/or equivalent domestic
                                                                            minimum tax rules may have an adverse impact on the Group. Until
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development                  all expected OECD documents are published and details of
(‘OECD’) is currently undertaking a project intended to modernise the       implementing domestic legislation in relevant jurisdictions are
global international tax system, commonly referred to as Base               available, the full extent of the long-term impact on Prudential’s
Erosion and Profit-Shifting 2.0. The project has two pillars. The first     business, tax liabilities and profits remain uncertain.
pillar is focused on the allocation of taxing rights between
jurisdictions for in-scope multinational enterprises that sell cross-
border goods and services into countries with little or no local physical
presence. The second pillar is focused on developing a global
minimum tax rate of 15 per cent applicable to in-scope multinational
enterprises.
On 8 October 2021 the OECD issued a statement setting out the high
level principles which have been agreed by over 130 jurisdictions
involved in the project. Based on the 8 October 2021 OECD
statement, Prudential does not expect to be affected by proposals
under the first pillar given they include an exemption for regulated
financial services companies.




442               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                  prudentialplc.com
Glossary

                                                                                                                                                    Group overview




A                                              Assets under management                            Constant exchange rates (CER)
Acquisition costs or expenses                  Assets under management represent all              Prudential plc reports its results at both AER



                                                                                                                                                    Strategic report
Acquisition costs or expenses include the      assets managed by or on behalf of the              to reflect actual results and also CER to
initial expenses and commissions incurred      Group, including those assets managed by           eliminate the impact from exchange
in writing new business. Typically, under      third parties. Assets under management             translation. CER results are calculated by
IFRS, an element of acquisition costs is       include managed assets that are included           translating prior year results using current
deferred ie not expensed in the year           within the Group’s statement of financial          year foreign currency exchange rates, ie
incurred, and instead amortised in the         position and those assets belonging to             current year average rates for the income
income statement in line with the              external clients outside the Prudential            statements and current year closing rate for
emergence of surpluses on the related          Group, which are therefore not included in         the statement of financial position.
contracts.                                     the Group’s statement of financial position.
                                               These are also referred to as funds under          Core structural borrowings

                                                                                                                                                    Governance
Actual exchange rates (AER)                    management.                                        Borrowings which Prudential considers
Actual historical exchange rates for the                                                          forming part of its core capital structure and
specific accounting period, being the          Available for sale (AFS)                           excludes operational borrowings.
average rates over the year for the income     Securities that have been acquired neither
                                               for short-term sale nor to be held to              Credit risk
statement and the closing rates at the                                                            The risk of loss if another party fails to meet
balance sheet date for the statement of        maturity. AFS securities are measured at fair
                                               value on the statement of financial position       its obligations or fails to do so in a timely
financial position.                                                                               fashion.
                                               with unrealised gains and losses being
Administration expenses                        booked in other comprehensive income               Currency risk




                                                                                                                                                    Directors’ remuneration report
Administration expenses are expenses and       instead of the income statement.                   The risk that asset or liability values, cash
renewal commissions incurred in managing                                                          flows, income or expenses will be affected
existing business.                             B                                                  by changes in exchange rates. Also referred
                                               Bancassurance                                      to as foreign exchange risk.
Alternative performance measures               An agreement with a bank to offer
(APMs)
APMs are non-GAAP measures used by the
                                               insurance and investment products to the           D
                                               bank’s customers.                                  Discretionary participation features
Prudential Group within its annual reports
to supplement disclosures prepared in          Bonuses                                            (DPF)
accordance with widely accepted guideline      Bonuses refer to the non-guaranteed                These represent a contractual right to
and principles established by accounting       benefit added to participating life insurance      receive, as a supplement to guaranteed
standard setters, such as International        policies and are the way in which                  benefits, additional benefits that are likely
Financial Reporting Standards. These           policyholders receive their share of the           to be a significant portion of the total




                                                                                                                                                    Financial statements
measures provide useful information to         profits of the policies. These include regular     contractual benefits. The amount or timing
enhance the understanding of the Group’s       bonus and final bonus and the rates may            of the benefits is contractually at the
financial performance.                         vary from period to period.                        discretion of the issuer and the benefits are
                                                                                                  contractually based on asset, fund,
American Depositary Receipts (ADRs)            C                                                  company or other entity performance.
The stocks of most foreign companies that      Cash remittances
trade in the US markets are traded as ADRs.    Amounts paid by our business units to the          E
US depositary banks issue these stocks.        Group comprising dividends and other               Endowment product
Each ADR represents one or more shares of      transfers net of capital injections, which are     An ordinary individual life insurance product
foreign stock or a fraction of a share. The                                                       that provides the insured party with various




                                                                                                                                                    European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
                                               reflective of emerging earnings and capital
price of an ADR corresponds to the price of    generation.                                        guaranteed benefits if it survives specific
the foreign stock in its home market,                                                             maturity dates or periods stated in the
adjusted to the ratio of the ADRs to foreign   Cash surrender value                               policy. Upon the death of the insured party
company shares.                                The amount of cash available to a policy           within the coverage period, a designated
                                               holder on the surrender of or withdrawal           beneficiary receives the face value of the
Annual premium equivalent (APE)                from a life insurance policy or annuity            policy.
A measure of new business sales, which is a    contract.
key metric for the Group’s management of                                                          Environmental, Social and Governance
the development and growth of the              China Risk-Oriented Solvency System                (ESG)
business. APE is calculated as the aggregate   (C-ROSS)                                           ESG refers to the three central factors in
of annualised regular premiums from new        A regulatory framework that governs the            measuring the sustainability and societal
business and one-tenth of single premiums      insurance industry in China effective from         impact of an investment in a company or
on new business written during the period      1 March 2021. The second phase of the              business, which is qualitative and non-
for all insurance products, including          C-ROSS (or C-ROSS II) became effective in          financial and not readily quantifiable in
premiums for contracts designated as           the first quarter of 2022.                         monetary terms. The key features of
investment contracts under IFRS 4.                                                                Prudential ESG framework are its three
                                               Collective investment schemes (CIS)                strategic pillars: 1) making health and




                                                                                                                                                    Additional information
                                               CIS is an open-ended investment fund of            financial security accessible; 2) stewarding
                                               pooled assets in which an investor can buy         the human impacts of climate change; and
                                               and sell units that are issued in the form of      3) building social capital.
                                               shares.




                                                                                                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   443
Glossary / continued




European Embedded Value (EEV)                         H                                                   Investment-linked products or
Financial results that are prepared on a              Health and protection (H&P) products                contracts
supplementary basis to the Group’s                    or accident and health (A&H) products               Insurance products where the surrender
consolidated IFRS results and which are               These comprise health and personal                  value of the policy is linked to the value of
prepared in accordance with a set of                  accident insurance products, which provide          underlying investments (such as collective
Principles issued by the CFO Forum of                 morbidity or sickness benefits and include          investment schemes, internal investment
European Insurance Companies in 2016.                 health, disability, critical illness and accident   pools or other property) or fluctuations in
Embedded value is a way of measuring the              coverage. H&P products are sold both as             the value of underlying investment or
current value to shareholders of the future           standalone policies and as riders (see              indices. Investment risk associated with the
profits from life business written based on a         below) that can be attached to life                 product is usually borne by the policyholder.
set of assumptions.                                   insurance products. H&P riders are                  Insurance coverage, investment and
                                                      presented together with ordinary individual         administration services are provided for
F                                                     life insurance products for the purposes of         which the charges are deducted from the
Funds under management                                disclosure of financial information.                investment fund assets. Benefits payable
See ‘assets under management’ above.                                                                      will depend on the price of the units
                                                      Hong Kong Insurance Authority (IA)                  prevailing at the time of surrender, death or
G                                                     The Hong Kong IA is an insurance                    the maturity of the product, subject to
Group free surplus                                    regulatory body responsible for the                 surrender charges. These are also referred to
Free surplus is the metric we use to measure          regulation and supervision of the Hong              as unit-linked products or unit-linked
the internal cash generation of our business          Kong insurance industry.                            contracts.
operations and broadly reflects the amount
of money available to our operational                 I                                                   K
businesses for investing in new business,             In-force                                            Key performance indicators (KPIs)
strengthening our capacity and capabilities           An insurance policy or contract reflected on        These are measures by which the
to grow the business, and potentially paying          records that has not expired, matured or            development, performance or position of
returns to the Group. For our insurance               otherwise been surrendered or terminated.           the business can be measured effectively.
businesses it largely represents the Group’s                                                              The Group Board reviews the KPIs annually
available regulatory capital resources after          International Association of Insurance              and updates them where appropriate.
allowing for the prescribed required                  Supervisors (IAIS)
regulatory capital held to support the                The IAIS is a voluntary membership                  L
policies in issue, with a number of                   organisation of insurance supervisors and           Liquidity coverage ratio (LCR)
adjustments so that the free surplus better           regulators. It is the international standard-       Prudential calculates this as assets and
reflects resources potentially available for          setting body responsible for developing and         resources available to us that are readily
distribution to the Group. For our asset              assisting in the implementation of                  convertible to cash to cover corporate
management businesses, Group holding                  principles, standards and other supporting          obligations in a prescribed stress scenario.
companies and other non-insurance                     material for the supervision of the insurance       We calculate this ratio over a range of time
companies, the measure is based on IFRS               sector.                                             horizons extending to twelve months.
net assets with certain adjustments,                  International Financial Reporting
including to exclude accounting goodwill                                                                  Liquidity premium
                                                      Standards (IFRS Standards)                          This comprises the premium that is required
and to align the treatment of capital with
                                                      Accounting standards and practices that             to compensate for the lower liquidity of
our regulatory basis. Operating free surplus
                                                      are developed and issued by the IFRS                corporate bonds relative to swaps and the
generation represents amounts emerging
                                                      Foundation and the International                    mark-to-market risk premium that is
from the in-force business during the year,
                                                      Accounting Standards Board (IASB).                  required to compensate for the potential
net of amounts reinvested in writing new
business. For asset management                        Investment grade                                    volatility in corporate bond spreads (and
businesses, it equates to post-tax adjusted           Investments rated BBB- or above for S&P             hence market values) at the time of sale.
operating profit for the year.                        and Baa3 or above for Moody’s. Generally,
                                                      they are bonds that are judged by the rating        M
Group-wide Supervision (GWS)                                                                              Million Dollar Round Table (MDRT)
                                                      agency as likely enough to meet payment
Framework                                             obligations that banks are allowed to invest        MDRT is a global, independent association
Regulatory framework developed by the                 in them.                                            of life insurance and financial services
Hong Kong Insurance Authority (see below)                                                                 professionals that recognises professional
for multinational insurance groups under its                                                              knowledge, strict ethical conduct and
supervision. The GWS Framework is based                                                                   outstanding client service. MDRT
on a principle-based and outcome-focused                                                                  membership is recognised internationally as
approach and allows the Hong Kong                                                                         the standard of excellence in the life
Insurance Authority to exercise direct                                                                    insurance and financial services business.
regulatory powers over the designated
holding companies of multinational
insurance groups. The GWS framework sets
out a measure of capital for the Group as a
whole, by aggregating the capital measures
of individual insurance businesses and other
regulated businesses, as well as the capital
resources held by Group holding companies.




444               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                     prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                        Group overview




Money Market Fund (MMF)                           Non-participating business                           Rider
An MMF is a type of mutual fund that has          A life insurance policy where the                    A supplemental plan that can be attached



                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report
relatively low risks compared to other            policyholder is not entitled to a share of the       to a basic insurance policy, typically with
mutual funds and most other investments           company’s profits and surplus but receives           payment of additional premiums.
and historically has had lower returns. MMF       certain guaranteed benefits. Examples
invests in high quality, short-term debt          include pure risk policies (eg fixed annuities,      Risk-based capital (RBC) framework
securities and pays dividends that generally      term insurance, critical illness) and                RBC is a method of measuring the
reflect short-term interest rates. The            unit-linked insurance contracts.                     minimum amount of capital set by
purpose of an MMF is to provide investors                                                              regulators as appropriate for a reporting
with a safe place to store cash or as an          O                                                    entity to support its overall business
alternative to investing in the stock market.     Operational borrowings                               operations in consideration of its size and
                                                  Borrowings which arise in the normal course          the level of risk it is faced. RBC limits the

                                                                                                                                                        Governance
Morbidity rate                                    of the business, including all lease liabilities     amount of risk a company can take and act
Rate of sickness, varying by such                 under IFRS 16.                                       as a cushion to protect a company from
parameters as age, gender and health, used                                                             insolvency. RBC is intended to be a
in pricing and computing liabilities for future   P                                                    minimum regulatory capital standard and
policyholders of health products, which                                                                not necessarily the full amount of capital
                                                  Participating funds
contain morbidity risks.                                                                               that an insurer would want to hold to meet
                                                  Distinct portfolios where the policyholders
                                                                                                       its safety and competitive objectives. In
Mortality rate                                    have a contractual right to receive, at the
                                                                                                       addition, RBC is not designed to be used as
Rate of death, varying by such parameters         discretion of the insurer, additional benefits
                                                                                                       a stand-alone tool in determining financial
as age, gender and health, used in pricing        based on factors such as the performance




                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                                                       solvency of an insurance company; rather it
and computing liabilities for future              of a pool of assets held within the fund, as a
                                                                                                       is one of the tools that give regulators legal
policyholders of life and annuity products,       supplement to any guaranteed benefits.
                                                                                                       authority to take control of an insurance
which contain mortality risks.                    The insurer may either have discretion as to
                                                                                                       company.
                                                  the timing of the allocation of those
N                                                 benefits to participating policyholders or
                                                                                                       S
Net premiums                                      may have discretion as to the timing and
                                                  the amount of the additional benefits.               Single premiums
Life insurance premiums net of reinsurance                                                             Single premium policies of insurance are
ceded to third-party reinsurers.                  Participating policies or participating              those that require only a single lump sum
Net worth                                         business                                             payment from the policyholder.
Net assets for EEV reporting purposes that        Contracts of insurance where the
                                                                                                       Stochastic techniques
reflect the regulatory basis position,            policyholders have a contractual right to
                                                                                                       Stochastic techniques incorporate results




                                                                                                                                                        Financial statements
sometimes with adjustments to achieve             receive, at the discretion of the insurer,
                                                                                                       from repeated simulations using key
consistency with the IFRS treatment of            additional benefits based on factors such as
                                                                                                       financial parameters which are subject to
certain items.                                    investment performance, as a supplement
                                                                                                       random variations and are projected into
                                                  to any guaranteed benefits. This is also
New business margin                                                                                    the future.
                                                  referred to as with-profits business.
New business margin is expressed as the                                                                Subordinated debt
value of new business profit as a percentage      Persistency
                                                                                                       A fixed interest issue or debt that ranks
of APE and the present value of new               The percentage of policies remaining in
                                                                                                       below other debt in order of priority for
business premiums (see below) expected to         force from period to period.
                                                                                                       repayment if the issuer is liquidated. Holders
be received on an EEV basis.                                                                           are compensated for the added risk through
                                                  Present value of new business




                                                                                                                                                        European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
New business profit (NBP)                         premiums (PVNBP)                                     higher rates of interest.
The profits, calculated in accordance with        PVNBP is calculated as the aggregate of
                                                                                                       Surrender
EEV Principles, from business sold in the         single premiums and the present value of
                                                                                                       The termination of a life insurance policy or
financial reporting period under                  expected future premiums from regular
                                                                                                       annuity contract at the request of the
consideration. NBP is how we measure the          premium new business, allowing for lapses
                                                                                                       policyholder after which the policyholder
amount of profit we estimate we will make         and other assumptions made in
                                                                                                       receives the cash surrender value, if any, of
from any new policies we sell, for as long as     determining the EEV new business
                                                                                                       the contract.
those policies are active. To estimate these      contribution.
future profits, we make a number of                                                                    Surrender charge
assumptions. For example, we estimate the         R                                                    The fee charged to a policyholder when a
average length of a typical policy and the        Regular premium product                              life insurance policy or annuity contract is
premiums that will be payable, plus the           A life insurance product with regular                surrendered for its cash surrender value
amount we expect to pay to the customer           periodic premium payments.                           prior to the end of the surrender charge
over the life of the policy. We also estimate                                                          period.
how much it costs to service a policyholder,      Renewal or recurring premiums
including any income that might be gained         Renewal or recurring premiums are the
                                                  subsequent premiums that are paid on




                                                                                                                                                        Additional information
on investments we make in relation to that
policy. Then we reduce or discount these          regular premium products.
estimates to recognise that these profits
arise over a long period of time.




                                                                                                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022   445
Glossary / continued




T                                                      W
Time value of options and guarantees                   Whole life contracts
(TVOG)                                                 A type of life insurance policy that provides
The value of financial options and                     lifetime protection, commonly used for
guarantees comprises two parts, the                    estate planning purposes. Premiums must
intrinsic value and the time value. The                usually be paid for life, and the sum assured
intrinsic value is given by a deterministic            is paid out whenever death occurs.
valuation on best estimate assumptions.
The time value is the additional value                 With-profits contracts
arising from the variability of economic               For Prudential, the most significant
outcomes in the future.                                with-profits contracts are written in Hong
                                                       Kong, Malaysia and Singapore. See
U                                                      ‘participating policies or participating
                                                       business’ above.
Unallocated surplus
Unallocated surplus is recorded wholly as a            With-profits funds
liability and represents the excess of assets          See ‘participating funds’ above.
over policyholder liabilities for Prudential’s
with-profits funds. The balance retained in            Y
the unallocated surplus represents                     Yield
cumulative income arising on the with-                 A measure of the rate of return received
profits business that has not been allocated           from an investment in percentage terms by
to policyholders or shareholders.                      comparing annual income (and any change
Unit-linked products or unit-linked                    in capital) to the price paid for the
                                                       investment.
contracts
See ‘investment-linked products or                     Yield curve
contracts’ above.                                      A line graph that shows the relative yields
                                                       on debt over a range of maturities typically
Universal life
                                                       from three months to 30 years. Investors,
An insurance product where the customer
                                                       analysts and economists use yield curves to
pays flexible premiums, subject to specified
                                                       evaluate bond markets and interest rate
limits, which are accumulated in an account
                                                       expectations.
and are credited with interest (at a rate
either set by the insurer or reflecting returns
on a pool of matching assets). The customer
may vary the death benefit and the
contract may permit the customer to
withdraw the account balance, typically
subject to a surrender charge.

V
Value of in-force business (VIF)
The present value of future shareholder
cash flows projected to emerge from the
assets backing liabilities of the in-force
covered business.




446                Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                   prudentialplc.com
Shareholder information

                                                                                                                                                                Group overview




Communication with shareholders                                                   Company constitution
The Group maintains a corporate website containing a wide range                   Prudential is governed by the Companies Act 2006, other applicable



                                                                                                                                                                Strategic report
of information relevant for private and institutional investors,                  legislation and regulations, and provisions in its Articles of Association
including the Group’s financial calendar: www.prudentialplc.com                   (Articles). Any change to the Articles must be approved by special
                                                                                  resolution of the shareholders. There were no changes to the
Shareholder meetings                                                              constitutional documents during 2022. The current Memorandum
The 2023 Annual General Meeting (AGM) will be held in London                      and Articles are available on the Company’s website.
on Thursday 25 May 2023 at 10.30am. We would encourage all
shareholders to participate in the AGM and will again offer an option             Issued share capital
to link digitally to the meeting as an alternative, which will enable full        The issued share capital as of 31 December 2022 consisted of
participation by all shareholders. The 2023 AGM notice will provide               2,749,669,380 (2021: 2,746,412,265) ordinary shares of 5 pence
more details on meeting arrangements and how to participate.                      each, all fully paid up and listed on the London Stock Exchange and


                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                                                                                  the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. As of 31 December 2022, there were
Prudential will continue its practice of calling a poll on all resolutions        38,453 (2021: 41,532) accounts on the register. Further information
and the voting results, including all proxies lodged prior to the                 can be found in note C8 on page 335.
meeting, are subsequently published on the Company’s website.
                                                                                  Prudential also maintains secondary listings on the New York Stock
Shareholders were able to attend the 2022 AGM in person or                        Exchange (in the form of American Depositary Receipts which are
digitally, where they were able to view a live video feed, submit                 referenced to ordinary shares on the main UK register) and the
voting instructions and ask direct questions to the Board. Details of             Singapore Stock Exchange. Prudential has maintained a sufficiency
the 2022 AGM, including the results of shareholders’ votes, can be                of public float throughout the reporting period as required by the
found on the Company’s website at www.prudentialplc.com/en/                       Hong Kong Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                                                                Directors’ remuneration report
investors/shareholder-information/agm/2022
In accordance with relevant legislation, shareholders holding
5 per cent or more of the fully paid up issued share capital are able to
require the Directors to hold a general meeting. Written shareholder
requests should be addressed to the Company Secretary at the
registered office.


Analysis of shareholder accounts as of 31 December 2022

                                                                                     Total number         Percentage         Total number      Percentage of
Balance ranges                                                                         of holdings         of holders            of shares     issued capital




                                                                                                                                                                Financial statements
1–1,000                                                                                   27,209             70.76%           6,500,397              0.24%
1,001 –5,000                                                                               7,918             20.59%          17,434,824              0.63%
5,001–10,000                                                                               1,262              3.28%           8,791,251              0.32%
10,001–100,000                                                                             1,206              3.14%          36,907,373              1.34%
100,001–500,000                                                                              440              1.14%         102,842,323              3.74%
500,001–1,000,000                                                                            136              0.35%          97,308,564              3.54%
1,000,001 upwards                                                                            282              0.73%       2,479,884,648             90.19%
Totals                                                                                    38,453                          2,749,669,380




                                                                                                                                                                European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
Major shareholders                                                                Rights and obligations
The table below shows the holdings of major shareholders in the                   The rights and obligations attaching to the Company’s shares are
Company’s issued ordinary share capital, as of 31 December 2022,                  set out in full in the Articles. There are currently no voting restrictions
as notified and disclosed to the Company in accordance with the                   on the ordinary shares, all of which are fully paid, and each share
Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules.                                       carries one vote on a poll. If votes are cast on a show of hands,
                                                                                  each shareholder present in person or by proxy, or in the case of a
                                                                     % of total   corporation, each of its duly authorised corporate representatives,
As of 31 December 2022                                            voting rights
                                                                                  has one vote except that if a proxy is appointed by more than one
BlackRock, Inc                                                           5.08     member, the proxy has one vote for and one vote against if instructed
Norges Bank                                                              3.10     by one or more members to vote for the resolution and by one or
                                                                                  more members to vote against the resolution. Where, under an
On 27 January, Norges Bank notified Prudential that its holding had               employee share plan, participants are the beneficial owners of the
decreased to 3.01 per cent of the company’s issued share capital.                 shares but not the registered owners, the voting rights are normally
On 13 March, Norges Bank notified Prudential that its holding had                 exercisable by the trustee on behalf of the registered owner in
increased to 3.10 per cent of the company’s issued share capital.                 accordance with the relevant plan rules. The trustees would not




                                                                                                                                                                Additional information
                                                                                  usually vote on any unallocated shares held in trust but they may do
Whilst no formal notice has been disclosed to the Company in                      so at their discretion provided it would be in the best interests of the
accordance with the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules,                   beneficiaries of the trust and permitted under the relevant trust deed.
we understand that Third Point LLC no longer have a financial interest
in the Company’s issued ordinary share capital.                                   As of 14 March 2023, the trustees held 0.44 per cent of the issued
                                                                                  share capital under the various plans in operation. Rights to dividends
                                                                                  under the various schemes are set out on pages 228 to 279.



                                                                                                           Prudential plc Annual Report 2022    447
Shareholder information / continued




Restrictions on transfer                                                   Disapplication of statutory pre-emption procedures is also sought
In accordance with English company law, shares may be transferred          for rights issues. The existing authorities to issue shares, and to do
by an instrument of transfer or through an electronic system               so without observing pre-emption rights, are due to expire at the
(currently CREST) and any transfer is not restricted except that the       end of this year’s AGM. Relevant resolutions to authorise share
Directors may, in certain circumstances, refuse to register transfers of   capital issuances will be put to shareholders at the AGM on
shares but only if such refusal does not prevent dealings in the shares    25 May 2023.
from taking place on an open and proper basis. If the Directors make
use of that power, they must send the transferee notice of the refusal     Details of shares issued during 2022 and 2021 are given in note C8
within two months. Certain restrictions may be imposed from time to        on page 335. In accordance with the terms of a waiver granted by
time by applicable laws and regulations (for example, insider trading      the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, Prudential confirms that it complies
laws) and pursuant to the Listing Rules of both the Financial Conduct      with the applicable law and regulation in the UK in relation to the
Authority and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, as well as under the           holding of shares in treasury and with the conditions of the waiver in
rules of some of the Group’s employee share plans.                         connection with the purchase of own shares and any treasury shares
                                                                           it may hold.
All Directors are required to hold a minimum number of shares
under guidelines approved by the Board, which they would also              Authority to purchase own shares
be expected to retain as described on page 254 of the Directors’           The Directors also require authority from shareholders in relation
Remuneration Report.                                                       to the purchase of the Company’s own shares. Prudential seeks
                                                                           authority by special resolution on an annual basis for the buy-back
Authority to issue shares                                                  of its own shares in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
The Directors require authority from shareholders in relation to the       Companies Act 2006 and other related guidance. This authority
issue of shares. Whenever shares are issued, these must be offered         has not been used since it was last granted at the AGM in 2022.
to existing shareholders pro rata to their holdings unless the Directors   This existing authority is due to expire at the end of this year’s
have been given authority by shareholders to issue shares without          AGM and a special resolution to renew the authority will be put
offering them first to existing shareholders. Prudential seeks authority   to shareholders at the AGM on 25 May 2023.
from its shareholders on an annual basis to issue shares up to a
maximum amount, of which a defined number may be issued
without pre-emption.


Dividend information

                                                                                    Shareholders                                         Shareholders
                                                                                registered on the              Holders            with ordinary shares
                                                                                  UK register and         of American                  standing to the
                                                                                      Hong Kong            Depositary               credit of their CDP
2022 second interim dividend                                                      branch register             Receipts             securities accounts

Ex-dividend date                                                                23 March 2023                     –                 23 March 2023
Record date                                                                     24 March 2023         24 March 2023                 24 March 2023
Payment date                                                                     15 May 2023           15 May 2023       On or around 22 May 2023



Several dividend waivers are in place in respect of shares issued but      Cash dividend alternative
not allocated under the Group’s employee share plans. These shares         The Company operates a Dividend Re-investment Plan (DRIP).
are held by the trustees and will, in due course, be used to satisfy       UK-based shareholders who have elected for the DRIP will
requirements under the Group’s employee share plans. The dividends         automatically receive shares for all future dividends in respect of
waived represent less than 1 per cent of the value of dividends paid       which a DRIP alternative is offered. The election may be cancelled
during the year.                                                           at any time by the shareholder. Further details of the DRIP and the
                                                                           timetable are available at www.shareview.co.uk/4/Info/Portfolio/
Dividend mandates                                                          default/en/home/shareholders/Pages/ReinvestDividends.aspx
Dividends are paid directly into UK-based shareholders’ bank or
building society accounts. UK-based shareholders should contact            Electronic communications
EQ should they have any questions concerning the payment of                Shareholders located in the UK are encouraged to elect to receive
dividends, or to provide their bank or building society account details.   shareholder documents electronically by registering with Shareview
Alternatively, UK-based shareholders may download the form from            at www.shareview.co.uk This will save on printing and distribution
www.shareview.co.uk                                                        costs, and create environmental benefits. Shareholders who have
                                                                           registered will be sent an email notification whenever shareholder
Shareholders on the UK and Hong Kong registers have the option to          documents are available on the Company’s website and a link will
elect to receive their dividend in US dollars instead of pounds sterling   be provided to that information. When registering, shareholders will
or Hong Kong dollars respectively. More information may be found           need their shareholder reference number which can be found on their
on www.shareview.co.uk                                                     share certificate or proxy form. Please contact EQ if you require any
                                                                           assistance or further information.
                                                                           The option to receive shareholder documents electronically is not
                                                                           available to shareholders holding shares through The Central
                                                                           Depository (Pte) Limited (CDP).




448                 Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                 prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                Group overview




Share dealing services                                                       ShareGift
The Company’s UK registrars, EQ, offer a postal dealing facility for         Shareholders who have only a small number of shares, the value



                                                                                                                                                                Strategic report
buying and selling Prudential plc ordinary shares; please see the            of which makes them uneconomic to sell, may wish to consider
EQ address or telephone 0371 384 2248. They also offer a telephone           donating them to ShareGift (Registered Charity: 1052686).
and internet dealing service, Shareview, which provides a simple and
convenient way of buying and selling Prudential shares. For telephone        The relevant share transfer form may be downloaded from
sales, call 0345 603 7037 between 8am and 5pm, Monday to Friday,             our website or from EQ at www.shareview.co.uk
and for internet sales log on to www.shareview.co.uk/dealing                 Further information about ShareGift may be obtained on
                                                                             +44 (0)20 7930 3737 or from www.ShareGift.org




                                                                                                                                                                Governance
Shareholder enquiries
For enquiries about shareholdings, including dividends and lost share certificates, please contact the Company’s registrars:

Register                             By post                                                                              By telephone

UK register                          Equiniti Limited, Aspect House, Spencer Road, Lancing,                               Tel 0371 384 2035*
                                     West Sussex BN99 6DA, UK.
                                                                                                                          Textel 0371 384 2255
                                                                                                                          (for hard of hearing).
                                                                                                                          Lines are open from
                                                                                                                          8.30am to 5.30 pm (UK),




                                                                                                                                                                Directors’ remuneration report
                                                                                                                          Monday to Friday.
                                                                                                                          *Please use the country code (+44)
                                                                                                                            when calling from outside the UK

Hong Kong register                   Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, 17M Floor,                        Tel +852 2862 8555
                                     Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong.

Singapore register                   Shareholders who have shares standing to the credit of their securities              Operating Hours
                                     accounts with The Central Depository (Pte) Limited (CDP) in Singapore                Monday to Friday:
                                     may refer queries to the CDP at 11 North Buona Vista Drive,                          8.30am to 5.00pm
                                     # 06-07 The Metropolis Tower 2, Singapore 138589.                                    Saturday:
                                                                                                                          8.30am to 12.00pm
                                     Enquiries regarding shares held in Depository Agent Sub-accounts




                                                                                                                                                                Financial statements
                                                                                                                          Email : asksgx@sgx.com
                                     should be directed to your Depository Agent or broker.                               Contact Centre :
                                                                                                                          +65 6535 7511

ADRs                                 Shareowner Services, P.O. Box 64504, St. Paul,                                       Tel +1 800 990 1135,
                                     MN 55164-0504, USA.                                                                  or from outside the
                                                                                                                          USA +1 651 453 2128
                                                                                                                          or log on to www.adr.com




                                                                                                                                                                European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results




                                                                                                                                                                Additional information




                                                                                                     Prudential plc Annual Report 2022          449
How to contact us




Prudential plc – Registered Office                   Prudential plc – Hong Kong Office
1 Angel Court                                        13th Floor
London                                               One International Finance Centre
EC2R 7AG                                             1 Harbour View Street
UK                                                   Central
                                                     Hong Kong
Tel +44 (0)20 7220 7588
www.prudentialplc.com                                Tel +852 2918 6300

Media enquiries
Simon Kutner
Tel +44 (0)7581 023260
Email: Simon.Kutner@prudentialplc.com
Jennifer Tear
Tel +65 8870 8754
Sonia Tsang
Tel +852 5580 7525



 Board

 Shriti Vadera
 Chair

 Independent Non-executive Directors                   Group Executive Committee
 Philip Remnant
 Senior Independent Director                           Executive Director                Solmaz Altin
                                                                                         Managing Director, Strategic Business Group
 Jeremy Anderson                                       Anil Wadhwani
                                                       Chief Executive Officer           Jolene Chen
 Arijit Basu
                                                                                         Group Human Resources Director
 Chua Sock Koong
                                                                                         Avnish Kalra
 David Law                                                                               Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer
 Ming Lu                                                                                 Lilian Ng
 George Sartorel                                                                         Managing Director, Strategic Business Group
 Claudia Suessmuth Dyckerhoff                                                            Seck Wai-Kwong
 Tom Watjen                                                                              Chief Executive Officer , Strategic Business Group
 Jeanette Wong                                                                           Dennis Tan
                                                                                         Managing Director, Strategic Business Group
 Amy Yip
                                                                                         James Turner
                                                                                         Group Chief Financial Officer



Shareholder contacts
Institutional analyst                                US American Depositary
and investor enquiries                               Receipts holder enquiries
Tel +44 (0)20 3977 9720                              Tel +1 800 990 1135
Email: investor.relations@prudentialplc.com
                                                     From outside the US:
UK Register private                                  Tel +1 651 453 2128
shareholder enquiries
Tel 0371 384 2035                                    The Central Depository (Pte) Limited
                                                     shareholder enquiries
International shareholders:                          Operating Hours
Tel +44 (0)121 415 7026                              Monday to Friday: 8.30am to 5.00pm
                                                     Saturday: 8.30am to 12.00pm
Hong Kong Branch Register
private shareholder enquiries                        Tel +65 6535 7511
Operating Hours
Monday to Friday: 9.00am to 6.00pm
Tel +852 2862 8555



450              Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                                                                                  prudentialplc.com
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group overview




Forward-looking statements                                                                   > the impact of internal transformation projects and other strategic actions
This document contains ‘forward-looking statements’ with respect to certain of                 failing to meet their objectives or adversely impacting the Group’s employees;




                                                                                                                                                                                       Strategic report
Prudential’s (and its wholly and jointly owned businesses’) plans and its goals              > the availability and effectiveness of reinsurance for Prudential’s businesses;
and expectations relating to future financial condition, performance, results,               > the risk that Prudential’s operational resilience (or that of its suppliers and
strategy and objectives. Statements that are not historical facts, including                   partners) may prove to be inadequate, including in relation to operational
statements about Prudential’s (and its wholly and jointly owned businesses’)                   disruption due to external events;
beliefs and expectations and including, without limitation, commitments,
                                                                                             > disruption to the availability, confidentiality or integrity of Prudential’s
ambitions and targets, including those related to ESG, and statements
                                                                                               information technology, digital systems and data (or those of its suppliers and
containing the words ‘may’, ‘will’, ‘should’, ‘continue’, ‘aims’, ‘estimates’, ‘projects’,
                                                                                               partners) including the Pulse platform;
‘believes’, ‘intends’, ‘expects’, ‘plans’, ‘seeks’ and ‘anticipates’, and words of similar
meaning, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on                       > the increased non-financial and financial risks and uncertainties associated
plans, estimates and projections as at the time they are made, and therefore                   with operating joint ventures with independent partners, particularly where
                                                                                               joint ventures are not controlled by Prudential;


                                                                                                                                                                                       Governance
undue reliance should not be placed on them. By their nature, all forward-looking
statements involve risk and uncertainty.                                                     > the impact of changes in capital, solvency standards, accounting standards or
                                                                                               relevant regulatory frameworks, and tax and other legislation and regulations
A number of important factors could cause actual future financial condition or                 in the jurisdictions in which Prudential and its affiliates operate; and
performance or other indicated results to differ materially from those indicated
                                                                                             > the impact of legal and regulatory actions, investigations and disputes.
in any forward-looking statement. Such factors include, but are not limited to:
                                                                                             These factors are not exhaustive. Prudential operates in a continually changing
> current and future market conditions, including fluctuations in interest rates
                                                                                             business environment with new risks emerging from time to time that it may be
  and exchange rates, inflation (including resulting interest rate rises), sustained
                                                                                             unable to predict or that it currently does not expect to have a material adverse
  high or low interest rate environments, the performance of financial and credit
                                                                                             effect on its business. In addition, these and other important factors may, for
  markets generally and the impact of economic uncertainty, slowdown or
                                                                                             example, result in changes to assumptions used for determining results of




                                                                                                                                                                                       Directors’ remuneration report
  contraction (including as a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict and related or
                                                                                             operations or re-estimations of reserves for future policy benefits. Further
  other geopolitical tensions and conflicts), which may also impact policyholder
                                                                                             discussion of these and other important factors that could cause actual future
  behaviour and reduce product affordability;
                                                                                             financial condition or performance to differ, possibly materially, from those
> asset valuation impacts from the transition to a lower carbon economy;                     anticipated in Prudential’s forward-looking statements can be found under the
> derivative instruments not effectively mitigating any exposures;                           ‘Risk Factors’ heading of this document, Prudential’s 2022 Annual Report, and
> global political uncertainties, including the potential for increased friction in          any subsequent filing Prudential makes with the US Securities and Exchange
  cross-border trade and the exercise of laws, regulations and executive powers              Commission, including any subsequent Annual Report on Form 20-F.
  to restrict trade, financial transactions, capital movements and/or investment;
                                                                                             Any forward-looking statements contained in this document speak only as of
> the longer-term impacts of Covid-19, including macro-economic impacts on                   the date on which they are made. Prudential expressly disclaims any obligation
  financial market volatility and global economic activity and impacts on sales,             to update any of the forward-looking statements contained in this document or
  claims, assumptions and increased product lapses;                                          any other forward-looking statements it may make, whether as a result of future
> the policies and actions of regulatory authorities, including, in particular, the          events, new information or otherwise except as required pursuant to the UK




                                                                                                                                                                                       Financial statements
  policies and actions of the Hong Kong Insurance Authority, as Prudential’s                 Prospectus Rules, the UK Listing Rules, the UK Disclosure Guidance and
  Group-wide supervisor, as well as the degree and pace of regulatory changes                Transparency Rules, the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the SGX-ST Listing Rules or
  and new government initiatives generally;                                                  other applicable laws and regulations.
> given Prudential’s designation as an Internationally Active Insurance Group,
                                                                                             Prudential may also make or disclose written and/or oral forward-looking
  the impact on Prudential of systemic risk and other group supervision policy
                                                                                             statements in reports filed with or furnished to the US Securities and Exchange
  standards adopted by the International Association of Insurance Supervisors;
                                                                                             Commission, the UK Financial Conduct Authority, the Hong Kong Stock
> the physical, social, morbidity/health and financial impacts of climate change             Exchange and other regulatory authorities, as well as in its annual report and
  and global health crises, which may impact Prudential’s business,                          accounts to shareholders, periodic financial reports to shareholders, proxy
  investments, operations and its duties owed to customers;                                  statements, offering circulars, registration statements, prospectuses, prospectus
> legal, policy and regulatory developments in response to climate change and                supplements, press releases and other written materials and in oral statements




                                                                                                                                                                                       European Embedded Value (EEV) basis results
  broader sustainability-related issues, including the development of                        made by directors, officers or employees of Prudential to third parties, including
  regulations and standards and interpretations such as those relating to ESG                financial analysts. All such forward-looking statements are qualified in their
  reporting, disclosures and product labelling and their interpretations (which              entirety by reference to the factors discussed under the ‘Risk Factors’ heading of
  may conflict and create misrepresentation risks);                                          this document, Prudential’s 2022 Annual Report, and any subsequent filing
> the collective ability of governments, policymakers, the Group, industry and               Prudential makes with the US Securities and Exchange Commission, including
  other stakeholders to implement and adhere to commitments on mitigation                    any subsequent Annual Report on Form 20-F.
  of climate change and broader sustainability-related issues effectively
                                                                                             Cautionary statements
  (including not appropriately considering the interests of all Prudential’s
                                                                                             This document does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to
  stakeholders or failing to maintain high standards of corporate governance
                                                                                             purchase, acquire, subscribe for, sell, dispose of or issue, or any solicitation of any
  and responsible business practices);
                                                                                             offer to purchase, acquire, subscribe for, sell or dispose of, any securities in any
> the impact of competition and fast-paced technological change;                             jurisdiction nor shall it (or any part of it) or the fact of its distribution, form the
> the effect on Prudential’s business and results from, in particular, mortality             basis of, or be relied on in connection with, any contract therefor.
  and morbidity trends, lapse rates and policy renewal rates;
> the timing, impact and other uncertainties of future acquisitions or
  combinations within relevant industries;




                                                                                                                                                                                       Additional information




                                                                                                                          Prudential plc Annual Report 2022          451
Prudential plc is a holding company, some of whose subsidiaries are
authorised and regulated, as applicable, by the Hong Kong Insurance
Authority and other regulatory authorities. The Group is subject to a
group-wide supervisory framework which is regulated by the Hong
Kong Insurance Authority.
Prudential plc is not affiliated in any manner with Prudential Financial,
Inc., a company whose principal place of business is in the United
States of America, nor with The Prudential Assurance Company
Limited, a subsidiary of M&G plc, a company incorporated in the
United Kingdom.


Designed by fhensemblestudio.com

Printed in the UK by Pureprint Group, a CarbonNeutral® company.
This document was printed utilising pureprint® environmental
printing technology with vegetable-based inks and a water-based
coating. Up to 99 per cent of the dry waste and 95 per cent of
cleaning solvents associated with the production were recycled.
This document is printed on Revive 100 Silk and Revive 100 Offset
from Denmaur Paper. The papers are made from FSC® Recycled
certified pre and post-consumer waste pulp. Denmaur have offset the
carbon emissions produced in the manufacturing process and delivery
to Pureprint, thus the paper and the printing of this document are
carbon neutral.
Both the paper mill and printer are registered to the Environmental
Management System ISO 14001 and are Forest Stewardship Council®
chain-of-custody certified.




                   CBP00019082504183028




452               Prudential plc Annual Report 2022                         prudentialplc.com
Prudential public limited company
Incorporated and registered
in England and Wales
Registered office
1 Angel Court
London
EC2R 7AG
Registered number 1397169
www.prudentialplc.com
Principal place of business
in Hong Kong
13th Floor
One International Finance Centre
1 Harbour View Street
Central
Hong Kong
