The financial information reported in this document is based on the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarter and the nine-month period ended
July 31, 2020 and is prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), unless
otherwise indicated. IFRS represent Canadian generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). All amounts are presented in Canadian dollars.

MONTREAL, August 26, 2020 – For the third quarter of 2020, National Bank is reporting net income of $602 million compared to $608 million in the third
quarter of 2019. Third-quarter diluted earnings per share stood at $1.66 compared to $1.66 in the third quarter of 2019. Year over year, income before
provisions for credit losses and income taxes(1) was up in most of the business segments in the third quarter of 2020 but was offset by an increase in
provisions for credit losses caused by an economic slowdown resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic.

For the nine months ended July 31, 2020, the Bank’s net income totalled $1,591 million compared to $1,718 million in the same period of 2019, and its nine-
month diluted earnings per share stood at $4.34 compared to $4.67 for the nine-month period ended July 31, 2019. This decrease in net income stems from a
considerable increase in provisions for credit losses recorded to reflect a significant deterioration in the macroeconomic conditions caused by COVID-19 and
the expected impacts on our clients.

"Since the gradual reopening of the economy, many indicators have improved, but the situation remains uncertain, especially given the potential for a second
wave of the COVID-19 pandemic. In this environment, the Bank is continuing to deploy efforts to support its employees, its clients, and the community," said
Louis Vachon, President and Chief Executive Officer of National Bank of Canada. "While it’s still too early to predict how the COVID-19 pandemic will affect the
economy in the long term, the Bank is in a strong position with a solid balance sheet, defensive positioning, quality credit portfolios, and a prudent approach
to provisioning.ʺ

"For the third quarter of 2020, the Bank’s net income remained stable year over year, with good performance across most of the business segments being
offset by an increase in provisions for credit losses. Furthermore, we maintained high capital and liquidity levels, including a CET1 ratio of 11.4% and a
liquidity coverage ratio of 161%,ʺ added Mr. Vachon.




(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                             Quarter ended July 31                      Nine months ended July 31
                                                                                     2020                 2019          % Change          2020            2019       % Change

Net income                                                                            602                  608                   (1)    1,591           1,718               (7)
Diluted earnings per share (dollars)                                        $        1.66   $             1.66                    − $    4.34   $        4.67               (7)
Return on common shareholders’ equity                                                17.0 %               18.7 %                         15.3 %          17.9 %
Dividend payout ratio                                                                46.4 %               41.7 %                         46.4 %          41.7 %

                                                                                                                                           As at          As at
                                                                                                                                        July 31,    October 31,
                                                                                                                                          2020            2019
CET1 capital ratio under Basel III                                                                                                       11.4 %          11.7 %
Leverage ratio under Basel III                                                                                                            4.3 %           4.0 %

(1)   See the Financial Reporting Method section on pages 12 and 13 for additional information on non-GAAP financial measures.
—     Net income totalled $233 million in the third quarter of 2020 compared to $274 million in the third quarter of 2019, a decrease essentially due to a
      decrease in total revenues and an increase in provisions for credit losses.
—     Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes(1) totalled $395 million in the third quarter of 2020, down 8% from $430 million in the third
      quarter of 2019 as a result of a smaller net interest margin and a decrease in non-interest income, in particular credit card revenues.
—     At $852 million, the 2020 third-quarter total revenues were down $39 million or 4% year over year.
—     Compared to a year ago, personal lending grew 4% and commercial lending grew 3%.
—     Net interest margin stood at 2.15% in the third quarter of 2020 versus 2.23% in the third quarter of 2019.
—     Third-quarter non-interest expenses stood at $457 million, down 1% from the third quarter of 2019.
—     At 53.6%, the third-quarter efficiency ratio compares to 51.7% in the third quarter of 2019.




—     Net income totalled $128 million in the third quarter of 2020, a 2% increase from $125 million in the third quarter of 2019.
—     Third-quarter total revenues amounted to $450 million compared to $437 million in third quarter 2019, a $13 million or 3% increase driven mainly by
      growth in transaction-based and other revenues as well as in fee-based revenues.
—     Third-quarter non-interest expenses stood at $274 million, up 2% from $268 million in the third quarter of 2019.
—     At 60.9%, the efficiency ratio improved from 61.3% in the third quarter of 2019.




—     Net income totalled $188 million in the third quarter of 2020, a 5% increase from $179 million in the third quarter of 2019.
—     Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes on a taxable equivalent basis(1) totalled $297 million in the third quarter of 2020, up 17%
      from $254 million in the third quarter of 2019.
—     Total revenues on a taxable equivalent basis(1) amounted to $503 million, a $62 million or 14% year-over-year increase.
—     Third-quarter non-interest expenses stood at $206 million compared to $187 million in the third quarter of 2019.
—     The segment recorded $41 million in provisions for credit losses in the third quarter of 2020 versus $10 million in the third quarter of 2019, mainly due to
      provisions recorded on impaired loans.
—     At 41.0%, the third-quarter efficiency ratio on a taxable equivalent basis(1) improved from 42.4% in the third quarter of 2019.




—     Net income totalled $87 million in the third quarter of 2020, a 26% increase from $69 million in the same quarter of 2019.
—     Third-quarter total revenues amounted to $210 million, a 21% year-over-year increase driven by revenue growth at the Credigy subsidiary and ABA Bank
      subsidiary.
—     Third-quarter non-interest expenses stood at $79 million, a $10 million year-over-year increase attributable to the expansion of ABA Bank’s banking
      network.




—     The Other heading of segment results posted a net loss of $34 million in the third quarter of 2020 compared to a net loss of $39 million in the third
      quarter of 2019. This change came mainly from a higher contribution from Treasury activities during the third quarter of 2020.




—     As at July 31, 2020, the Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio under Basel III was 11.4% compared to 11.7% as at October 31, 2019.
—     As at July 31, 2020, the Basel III leverage ratio was 4.3%, an increase from 4.0% as at October 31, 2019.




(1)   See the Financial Reporting Method section on pages 12 and 13 for additional information on non-GAAP financial measures.
The following Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents the financial condition and operating results of National Bank of Canada (the Bank).
This analysis was prepared in accordance with the requirements set out in National Instrument 51-102, Continuous Disclosure Obligations, released by the
Canadian Securities Administrators (CSA). It is based on the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements (the consolidated financial
statements) for the quarter and nine-month period ended July 31, 2020 and prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), unless otherwise indicated. IFRS represent Canadian generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP). This MD&A should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes for the quarter and nine-month period
ended July 31, 2020 and with the 2019 Annual Report. All amounts are presented in Canadian dollars. Additional information about the Bank, including the
Annual Information Form, can be obtained from the Bank’s website at nbc.ca and SEDAR’s website at sedar.com.

COVID-19 Pandemic                                                                           4                             Income Taxes                                                                                24
Economic Review and Outlook                                                                10                             Contingent Liabilities                                                                      25
Highlights                                                                                 11                           Capital Management                                                                            26
Financial Reporting Method                                                                 12                           Risk Management                                                                               30
Financial Analysis                                                                         14                           Risk Disclosures                                                                              44
  Consolidated Results                                                                     14                           Accounting Policies and Financial Disclosure                                                  45
  Results by Segment                                                                       17                             Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates                                       45
  Consolidated Balance Sheet                                                               22                             Future Accounting Policy Changes                                                            46
  Exposures to Certain Activities                                                          24                             Financial Disclosure                                                                        46
  Related Party Transactions                                                               24                           Quarterly Financial Information                                                               47
  Securitization and Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements                                        24


Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
From time to time, the Bank makes written and oral forward-looking statements such as those contained in this document, in other filings with Canadian securities regulators, and in other communications. All
such statements are made in accordance with applicable securities legislation in Canada and the United States. Forward-looking statements in this document may include, but are not limited to, statements with
respect to the economy—particularly the Canadian and U.S. economies—market changes, the Bank’s objectives, outlook and priorities for fiscal year 2020 and beyond, its strategies or future actions for achieving
them, expectations for the Bank’s financial condition, the regulatory environment in which it operates, the impacts of — and the Bank’s response to — the COVID-19 pandemic, and certain risks it faces. These
forward-looking statements are typically identified by future or conditional verbs or words such as “outlook”, “believe”, “foresee”, “forecast”, “anticipate”, “estimate”, “project”, “expect”, “intend”, “plan”, and
similar terms and expressions.

Such forward-looking statements are made for the purpose of assisting the holders of the Bank’s securities in understanding the Bank’s financial position and results of operations as at and for the periods ended
on the dates presented, as well as the Bank’s financial performance objectives, vision and strategic goals, and may not be appropriate for other purposes.

By their very nature, these forward-looking statements require assumptions to be made and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and specific. Assumptions about the performance of the
Canadian and U.S. economies in 2020, including in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic, and how that will affect the Bank’s business are among the main factors considered in setting the Bank’s strategic
priorities and objectives, including provisions for credit losses. In determining its expectations for economic conditions, both broadly and in the financial services sector in particular, the Bank primarily considers
historical economic data provided by the governments of Canada, the United States and certain other countries in which the Bank conducts business, as well as their agencies.

There is a strong possibility that the Bank’s express or implied predictions, forecasts, projections, expectations or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that its assumptions may not be correct and that its
financial performance objectives, vision and strategic goals will not be achieved. The Bank recommends that readers not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, as a number of factors, many of
which are beyond the Bank’s control, including the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, could cause actual results to differ significantly from the expectations, estimates or intentions expressed in these
statements. These factors include credit risk, market risk, liquidity and funding risk, operational risk, regulatory compliance risk, reputation risk, strategic risk and environmental risk, all of which are described in
more detail in the Risk Management section beginning on page 58 of the Bank’s 2019 Annual Report, and more specifically, general economic environment and financial market conditions in Canada, the United
States and certain other countries in which the Bank conducts business; regulatory changes affecting the Bank’s business; geopolitical and sociopolitical uncertainty; important changes in consumer behaviour;
the housing and household indebtedness situation and real estate market in Canada; changes in the Bank’s customers’ and counterparties’ performance and creditworthiness; changes in the accounting policies
the Bank uses to report its financial condition, including uncertainties associated with assumptions and critical accounting estimates; tax laws in the countries in which the Bank operates, primarily Canada and
the United States (including the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA)); changes to capital and liquidity guidelines and to the manner in which they are to be presented and interpreted; changes to the
credit ratings assigned to the Bank; potential disruption to key suppliers of goods and services to the Bank; potential disruptions to the Bank’s information technology systems, including evolving cyberattack risk
as well as identity theft and theft of personal information; and possible impacts of catastrophic events affecting local and global economies, including natural disasters and public health emergencies such as the
COVID-19 pandemic.

Statements about the expected impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Bank’s business, results of operations, corporate reputation, financial position and liquidity, and on the global economy may be
inaccurate and differ, possibly materially, from what is currently expected as they depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted.

The foregoing list of risk factors is not exhaustive. Additional information about these factors can be found in the Risk Management section of the Bank’s 2019 Annual Report and in the COVID-19 Pandemic section
of this Report to Shareholders for the Third Quarter of 2020. Investors and others who rely on the Bank’s forward-looking statements should carefully consider the above factors as well as the uncertainties they
represent and the risks they entail.

Except as required by law, the Bank does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, by it or on its behalf.
COVID-19 emanates from an emerging infectious disease, namely, the coronavirus disease. The coronavirus strain was detected in November 2019 in the city
of Wuhan in central China, and then spread throughout the world. In early January 2020, the Chinese government implemented strict lockdown procedures and
forced several cities—and then an entire region—to remain under lockdown, closing many public sites and enforcing considerable sanitary measures. On
January 13, 2020, a first case was reported outside mainland China, and on January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization (WHO) declared that the outbreak
of the new coronavirus constituted an international public health emergency.

On March 11, 2020, the WHO declared that the COVID-19 outbreak constituted a pandemic, requiring important protective measures be taken to prevent
overcrowding at intensive care units and also to strengthen preventive hygiene. The global pandemic prompted many countries, including Canada, to
implement lockdown and social distancing measures designed to slow the development of new contagion hotbeds. Those measures included the closing of
borders in many countries and the cancellation of sporting and cultural events around the world, triggering a sudden and widespread drop in market
capitalizations on all major stock exchanges around the world arising from the uncertainty and fears about the global economy.

In May 2020, after several weeks of lockdown, Canadian provinces and territories began loosening some of the restrictions imposed at the start of the
COVID-19 pandemic. The restart plans differ from one location to the next, depending on the local situation. Although the provinces and territories have
announced how their restart will be deployed, authorities have warned that these plans may have to be postponed or modified if the situation changes.
Canada lifted almost all restrictions in July 2020, while other countries were delaying their reopening or were going back into lockdown. A second wave of
COVID-19 is still feared.

In Canada, banking services are considered essential services and are therefore being maintained despite the lockdown and social distancing measures. Given
the current economic and social conditions, the Bank is committed to supporting its employees, clients, and communities. The Bank has ensured the
continuity of all its activities since the beginning of this unprecedented crisis. All of its experts have been mobilized to guide and support clients and answer
their questions during this period of uncertainty.

Risk Factors
The spread of COVID-19 has had disruptive and adverse effects in countries in which the Bank operates and more broadly on the global economy. It has caused
increased volatility and declines in financial markets, disruptions to global supply chains, a sharp and sudden rise in unemployment, and an economic
slowdown. Governments, monetary authorities, and regulators have taken actions to support the economy and the financial system, including taking fiscal and
monetary measures to increase liquidity and support incomes, as well as implementing regulatory flexibility measures in respect of capital and liquidity
requirements for financial institutions. If the COVID-19 pandemic is prolonged, the adverse impact on the global economy could deepen, augmenting financial
market volatility, corporate insolvency risks, and negative household wealth impacts.

The continuation or worsening of the economic conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic could have a significant adverse effect on the business, results of
operations, corporate reputation, and financial condition of the Bank. It may also have the effect of heightening many of the top and emerging risks the Bank
faces, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity and funding risk, operational risk, regulatory compliance risk, reputation risk, strategic risk and
environmental risk, all of which are described in more detail in the Risk Management section in this report and in the Bank’s 2019 Annual Report.

The spread of COVID-19 has put certain top and emerging risks to which the Bank is exposed into perspective, such as:

     •    Credit, market, and liquidity and funding risks: Sudden rise in unemployment, reduced demand for financial products and services, changes to
          payment terms leading to reduced margins or unprofitable loans, increased borrower defaults leading to increased credit losses and lower
          mortgaged property values, and constraints on liquidity and capital.
     •    Technology and information security risk: Increased use of digital channels, massive teleworking (including for critical operations), increased
          reliance on certain shared technology infrastructures, and an increase in external threats.
     •    Third-party risk: Government restrictions and measures affecting service delivery, disruptions to key suppliers of goods and services, fourth-party
          risk, increased use of cloud computing (high concentration of suppliers), and potential financial difficulties among third parties deemed critical.
     •    Human capital risk: Business disruption resulting from potential absenteeism in the current context (preventive withdrawals, work-life balance,
          unpaid leave), increased work environment stress for employees who are in contact with clients (fear of being infected or infecting loved ones),
          challenges related to working from home (isolation and lack of interaction with peers), complexities of integrating and training new resources in the
          context of a pandemic, issues relating to health and safety at work (spread of the virus in the workplace, ergonomic risks linked to working from
          home).
     •    Execution risk and cybersecurity risk: Vulnerability related to errors, operational flexibility (government moratoriums and programs, indexing in the
          systems of these new programs, processes, controls and accountability to be defined and implemented) and processing capacity (accumulation and
          processing of delays, increase in client calls, increased use of digital solutions, and increase in transactions).
     •    Strategic risk (client focus): Increased use of remote services, managing government programs that address financial difficulties faced by clients,
          temporary closure of several branches, changes in behaviours resulting from COVID-19, and increased risk of fraud.

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic negatively affects the Bank’s business, results of operations, corporate reputation and financial condition,
including its regulatory capital and liquidity ratios and ability to meet regulatory and other requirements as well as the global economy and financial markets
will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. These future developments include the scope, severity and duration of
the pandemic, actions and measures taken by governmental, monetary, and regulatory authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic, and the
impact and effectiveness of those actions and measures.

The Bank’s processes are designed to detect and assess these risks as early as possible so that appropriate mitigating strategies can be applied. Decision-
making is supported by risk assessments and management processes that are consistent with the Bank’s risk appetite and by prudent levels of capital and
liquidity. For additional information, see the sections entitled Risk Management in this MD&A and in the 2019 Annual Report.

During the quarters ended July 31, 2020 and April 30, 2020, the Bank accelerated and increased the frequency of several activities as part of its risk
management framework, including:

     •    Stress tests and crisis simulations: Identification of vulnerabilities, ability to absorb shocks, and remediation mechanisms.
     •    Enterprise-wide risk management committee: Regular reporting on credit risk, market risk, liquidity and funding risk, and operational and fraud risk
          as well as on the evolution of capital.
     •    Reports and forecasts provided to management and to the Office of the President on a regular basis (daily, bi-weekly and weekly, as applicable).
     •    Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (Canada) (OSFI): Regular reporting and responses to several ad hoc requests.
     •    OSFI, Bank of Canada and Finance Minister of Canada: More frequent communications.
     •    Activation of the corporate crisis unit: Deployed to manage business continuity.
     •    Internal and external communications: More frequent communications to stakeholders, by the President and Chief Executive Officer, by
          management – Employee Experience, and by other members of management, depending on the target audience.

To protect its clients and employees, the Bank has implemented measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19. During the second quarter of 2020, when the
lockdown measures were most restrictive, the Bank temporarily adjusted the number of open service points and modified the business hours of its branches
while ensuring safe access to banking services, with particular attention being paid to banking machines. In addition, since March 13, 2020, the Bank has
asked all employees whose tasks allow them to work from home to do so until further notice. Employees who were required to work on site received clear
health guidelines, and some have used alternate sites in order to comply with the requested social distancing.

The Bank’s Financial Performance
In light of COVID-19 and its impact on global and local economies, Canadian banks are facing a difficult situation. This exceptional situation has led to
significant changes in the overall market, such as business closures and temporary layoffs, low interest rates, declining and volatile stock markets, declining
oil prices, and government measures implemented in response to COVID-19.

Macroeconomic Factors
Assumptions about the performance of the Canadian and U.S. economies in 2020, including in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic and how that will affect
the Bank, are among the main factors considered in setting the Bank’s strategic priorities and objectives, including provisions for credit losses. In determining
its expectations for economic conditions, both broadly and in the financial services sector in particular, the Bank primarily considers historical economic data
provided by the governments in Canada, the United States and certain other countries in which the Banks conducts business, as well as their agencies.

The main macroeconomic factors used when estimating allowances for credit losses on loans and other financial assets are as follows: gross domestic product
(GDP), the unemployment rate, the housing price index, the rate spread on BBB bonds, the stock market (S&P/TSX), and the West Texas Intermediate (WTI) oil
price. For each scenario, namely, the base scenario, upside scenario, and downside scenario, the average of the values over the next 12 months and the
average of the values over the remaining forecast period for each macroeconomic factor are used to estimate the expected credit losses for the personal credit
portfolio and for the business and government credit portfolio.
During the quarter ended April 30, 2020, the main macroeconomic factors deteriorated considerably given the shutdown of non-essential services. During the
quarter ended July 31, 2020, as the lockdown gradually lifted, certain macroeconomic factors rebounded while others continued to decline. Given this
environment, the economic variables are fluctuating significantly from one quarter to the next. The data presented for the next 12 months may be misleading
with respect to the health of the economy. For example, the 12.9% GDP growth rate anticipated in the base scenario during the next year follows an
unprecedented 14.5% decline in activity in the first half of 2020. Despite this return to growth, the unemployment rate remains high for the next year (9.2%),
reflective of an economy that continues to idle.

According to the base scenario, the Canadian economy will rebound in the second half of the year as lockdown measures are lifted, but the unemployment rate
will remain high at the end of 2020, i.e., above pre-recession levels. Oil will rebound slightly at year’s end and rise by the end of 2021. Given a difficult labour
market and reduced immigration, housing prices and the S&P/TSX will decline.

According to the upside scenario, the economy will rebound more strongly thanks to medical breakthroughs that help fight COVID-19. Fiscal and monetary
stimulus measures will limit the damage in terms of destroyed capacity. The unemployment rate at the end of 2020 will be only slightly above pre-recession
levels. At year’s end, declines in housing prices and the S&P/TSX will be less pronounced and the price of oil will bounce back.

According to the downside scenario, the uncertainties surrounding COVID-19 will provoke a deeper recession. Global trade will remain depressed for longer,
and disappointing corporate earnings will inflict a new round of stress on the financial markets. The result will be greater destruction of capacity than in the
base scenario. Consequently, the unemployment rate will remain at higher levels.

Given uncertainty surrounding the key inputs used to measure credit losses, the Bank has applied expert credit judgment to adjust the modelled ECL results.

For additional information, see the Economic Review and Outlook section of this MD&A and Note 7 to these consolidated financial statements.

Impact on Results
During the quarter ended July 31, 2020, despite the resumption of economic activity, several industries faced financial hardship because of social distancing
rules and consumer fear, which severely impacted sales and led to many business closures, whereas other businesses saw an upturn in sales. The Bank’s
third-quarter net income nevertheless remained stable compared to the same quarter of 2019, as an increase in credit loss provisions was offset by good
performance across most of the business segments. During the second quarter of 2020, major disruptions in the global environment in which the Bank
operates affected its financial results, as there was a considerable increase in provisions for credit losses to reflect a significant deterioration in the
macroeconomic conditions caused by COVID-19 and the expected impacts on our clients.

For additional information, refer to the “Financial Analysis” and “Business Segment Analysis” sections of this MD&A.

Relief Measures for Clients
In response to the economic and financial environment resulting from COVID-19 in March and April 2020, the Bank announced a series of support measures for
the clients of its main business segments. During the quarter ended July 31, 2020, some of these measures were extended. Some of the measures were
introduced by the Canadian government and regulatory authorities, together with the Canadian banks and were implemented quickly to come to the assistance
of individuals and businesses. These measures are designed to provide financial support to clients facing the economic consequences of COVID-19. The main
relief measures are described below.

Clients – Individuals

                    Mortgages
                                                                            Credit cards                                            Transactions
                  Personal loans


 •     Payment deferrals of up to six months on           •    Deferral of minimum monthly payment for            •    Temporary removal of certain transaction
       mortgage loans (application date extended               a period of up to 90 days.                              fees:
       from June 30 to September 30, 2020).               •    Annual interest rate reduced to 10.9% on               – Interac e-Transfer service charge
 •     Deferral of minimum payment for up to                   purchases and cash advances during the                     (extended until September 30, 2020);
       three months on home equity lines of                    deferral period, depending on an analysis              – Charges for stop payment requests
       credit (All-In-OneTM) (application date                 of the file.                                               by cheque or preauthorized debit
       extended from June 30 to September 30,             •    Permanent or temporary increase to credit                  (extended until September 30, 2020);
       2020).                                                  card limit.                                            – Interest charges on an overdraft
 •     Payment deferrals of up to three months                                                                            (extended until December 31, 2020).
       on personal loans (application deadline:
       June 30, 2020).
Up until July 31, 2020, the Bank approved payment deferrals for approximately 125,000 Personal Banking clients. The gross carrying value of loans subject to
these deferrals totalled $10.0 billion for residential mortgages, $788 million for personal loans, and $81 million for credit card receivables (up until April 30,
2020, 114,000 Personal Banking clients and gross carrying value of $8.6 billion for residential mortgages, $756 million for personal loans, and $66 million for
credit card receivables). As at July 31, 2020, the gross carrying amount of Personal Banking loans still benefiting from deferral measures stood at $3.7 billion
for residential mortgages, at $319 million for personal loans, and at $15 million for credit card receivables (as at April 30, 2020, $8.6 billion for residential
mortgages, $756 million for personal loans, and $66 million for credit card receivables).

In addition, through its insurance subsidiary, the Bank offered easing measures on home and auto insurance products, including discounts of 15% for a period
of three months. Approximately 31,800 clients elected to avail themselves of these easing measures as at July 31, 2020 (approximately 13,000 clients as at
April 30, 2020).

Clients – Businesses

                       Loans                                                Credit cards                                           Transactions


 •     Canada Emergency Business Account                 •     Deferral of minimum monthly payment for a           •    Increase to the weekly limit of incoming
       (CEBA) for small- and medium-sized                      period of up to 90 days on certain Business              Interac e-transfers.
       enterprises and non-profit organizations: A             cards.                                              •    Temporary removal of charges for stop
       $40,000 interest-free loan up to                  •     Contactless payments over $100 at                        payment requests.
       December 31, 2022 supported by the                      participating merchants.
       Canadian government (Eligibility: have
       paid from $20,000 to $1.5 million in
       salaries in 2019 or have between $40,000
       and $1.5 million in eligible expenses in
       2019).
 •     Concerted Temporary Action Program for
       Businesses (CTAPB): Working capital loan
       of at least $71,500 supported by
       Investissement Québec (Eligibility: history
       of satisfactory profitability).
 •     Business Credit Availability Program
       (BCAP) for exporting or non-exporting
       businesses, supported by Export
       Development Canada: Operating credit and
       cash flow term loans of up to $6.25 million
       in Canadian dollars only.
 •     Principal payment deferrals of up to six
       months.

As at July 31, 2020, the Bank granted 27,372 loans under its CEBA program, 43 loans under CTAPB, and 33 loans under BCAP (as at April 30, 2020, it had
granted 20,714 loans under CEBA, 9 loans under CTAPB, and 5 loans under BCAP).

In addition, the Bank is addressing the specific needs of its Commercial Banking clients and Financial Markets clients to support them during this
unprecedented crisis. Up until July 31, 2020, the Bank had approved payment deferrals for approximately 3,400 Commercial Banking and Financial Markets
clients. The gross carrying value of loans subject to these deferrals totalled $5.4 billion (up until April 30, 2020, approximately 3,100 clients and gross
carrying value of $4.5 billion). As at July 31, 2020, the gross carrying amount of Commercial Banking loans and Financial Markets segment loans still subject to
deferral measures stood at $4.5 billion (as at April 30, 2020, $4.5 billion).

Key Measures Introduced by the Regulatory Authorities
Like all Canadian financial institutions, the Bank is facing regulatory changes that are being implemented at an increasing rate. As described below, as part of
a coordinated effort by Government of Canada agencies, OSFI and other regulatory authorities governing the Bank’s activities have taken a number of actions
to reinforce the resilience of Canadian banks and improve the stability of the Canadian financial system and economy in response to challenges posed by
COVID-19 and current market conditions. Regulatory authorities are also stepping up their oversight activities and focusing on the effects of the pandemic on
the activities, capital strength, and liquidity of regulated entities.

OSFI, market participants, and financial institutions all recognize the critical need for strong capital and liquidity and effective risk management. OSFI has
strengthened its requirements and its supervisory efforts in all of these areas since the 2008 global financial crisis. These measures have improved the
resilience of Canadian banks in periods of stress.

OSFI continues to actively monitor the evolving COVID-19 situation and has been in frequent contact with banks to assess their operational capacity and
actions to address the current environment. As a result of these discussions and the measures announced in March and April 2020, OSFI announced a
continuance of the regulatory flexibility measures to support COVID-19-related efforts while promoting financial resilience and stability. The main key
measures are described on the following pages.
Capital Management
One of the requirements imposed by OSFI after the 2008 financial crisis was the creation of the Domestic Stability Buffer (the buffer) requirement applicable to
Canadian domestic systemically important banks (D-SIBs). The buffer's countercyclical design enables D-SIBs to use the capital they have built up during good
times when it may be needed most. On March 13, 2020, OSFI lowered the buffer from 2.25% of risk-weighted assets to 1.0%, effective immediately, and on
June 23, 2020, it confirmed that the buffer requirement would remain at 1.0% until December 2020. This action is being taken in order to support D-SIBs’
ability to supply credit to the economy during an expected period of disruption related to COVID-19 and market conditions. OSFI will continue to analyze the
buffer level and could reduce it more as needed. OSFI also stated its commitment that any increases to the buffer will not take effect for at least 18 months
from March 13, 2020 in addition to its expectation for all banks to interrupt any dividend increases and share buybacks for the time being.

On March 27, 2020, OSFI announced a series of additional measures for banks in response to the difficulties caused by the spread of COVID-19, including:

     •    Treatment of regulatory capital for expected credit loss (ECL) accounting purposes: As other regulatory agencies are doing, OSFI has introduced
          transitional arrangements applicable to the ECL provisioning method set out in the Basel framework. This will result in a portion of allowances that
          would otherwise be included in Tier 2 capital to be included in CET1 capital. Although the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) is
          allowing jurisdictions the option of applying a 100% add-back of allowances to CET1 capital, OSFI believes that a maximum add-back of 70% is
          appropriate. This increased amount is adjusted for tax effects and multiplied by a scaling factor that decreases over time. The scaling factor will be
          set at 70% in fiscal 2020, 50% in fiscal 2021, and 25% in fiscal 2022. The three-year transition will help banks to phase-in the impact of increased
          ECL allowances in CET1 capital while also acknowledging that these provisions are being taken.
     •    Deferral of loan payments: The bank loans subject to payment deferrals, such as mortgage loans, personal loans, and small business loans,
          continue to be treated as performing loans under the Capital Adequacy Requirement guideline. This is to assist banks in responding to clients
          managing through hardships caused by the crisis.
     •    Reduction of stressed Value-at-Risk (VaR) multipliers under market risk: On a temporary basis, banks subject to market risk capital requirements
          and using the AIRB approach may reduce the stressed VaR multiplier that was being applied at the end of first quarter 2020 by two. This reduction
          can be applied retrospectively to the beginning of the second quarter of 2020.
     •    Removal of funding valuation adjustment (FVA) hedges in market risk: Banks must remove hedges of FVA from the calculation of market risk capital.
          Doing so addresses an asymmetry in the current rule where these hedges of FVA are included in the calculation while the underlying exposures to
          FVA are not. This treatment should be back-dated to the beginning of the second quarter of 2020.
     •    Capital floor: OSFI is lowering the floor factor from 75% to 70%. The 70% floor factor is expected to stay in place until the domestic implementation
          of the Basel III capital floor in the first quarter of 2023. The 70% factor ensures that the floor continues to protect against model risk while
          maintaining the risk sensitivity of the capital framework for banks subject to the Advanced IRB approach.
     •    Leverage ratio: Banks can temporarily exclude the following exposures from the leverage ratio exposure measure: (1) Central bank reserves;
          (2) Sovereign-issued securities by borrowers that qualify as high-quality liquid assets (HQLA) under the Liquidity Adequacy Requirements guideline.
          This treatment will remain in place until April 30, 2021 unless OSFI decides to maintain the exclusion for a longer period. Capital freed up through
          this measure should not be distributed (e.g., as dividends or bonus payments) and should rather be used to support lending and financial
          intermediation activities.
     •    Margin required for non-centrally cleared derivatives: In line with a decision by the BCBS and International Organization of Securities Commissions,
          OSFI is extending the deadline for the implementation of the final two phases of the initial margin requirements for non-centrally cleared derivatives
          outlined in OSFI’s E-22 guideline by one year. With this extension, the final implementation phase will take place on September 1, 2022, at which
          point covered entities with an aggregate average notional amount (AANA) of non-centrally cleared derivatives greater than $12 billion will be subject
          to the requirements. As an intermediate step, from September 1, 2021, covered entities with an AANA of non-centrally cleared derivatives greater
          than $75 billion will be subject to the requirements.
     •    Delaying implementation of the Basel III reforms: The Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision (GHOS), which oversees the BCBS,
          announced a postponement to the implementation of the reforms of the Basel III capital international standard published in December 2017. OSFI
          has therefore postponed until the first quarter of 2023 the implementation dates applicable to the revisions to the Standardized Approach and AIRB
          Approach to credit risk, the operational risk framework, and the leverage ratio framework, as well as the introduction of a more risk-sensitive capital
          floor. Implementation of the Pillar 3 financial disclosure requirements finalized by the BCBS in December 2018 has also been delayed until at least
          the first quarter of 2023. Lastly, implementation of the final set of revisions to the new market risk framework entitled Fundamental Review of the
          Trading Book published in January 2019 as well as the revised credit valuation adjustment (CVA) risk framework is being delayed to the first quarter
          of 2024.

For additional information, refer to the Capital Management section of this MD&A.
Liquidity Management
To help Canadians through this difficult period caused by the COVID-19 crisis, the Bank of Canada has taken policy actions designed to restore financial
market functioning, to ensure that financial institutions have adequate liquidity, and to provide households and businesses with access to the credit they
need. To ensure banks have sufficient liquidity to support clients and to alleviate impaired market liquidity in Canada, the central bank has implemented
liquidity facilities and asset purchase programs. The liquidity facilities include the existing term repo facility where the terms of the loans have been extended
and the list of eligible collateral has been expanded. Also, a new standing term liquidity facility (STLF) has been introduced to complement the existing liquidity
tools and to further strengthen the resilience of the Canadian financial system. Asset purchase programs implemented by the Bank of Canada and the Canada
Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC) cover a wide range of securities (treasury bills, bankers’ acceptances, bonds, and mortgage-backed securities) and
issuers (government and corporate). All of these programs have stabilized the funding markets and supported the flow of credit to households and businesses.

The Bank of Canada has also used monetary policy to respond to the COVID-19 crisis. It has lowered its target for the overnight rate by 150 basis points to
0.25%. Longer-term interest rates have also gone down significantly, and the interest rates of the Government of Canada curve are now mostly below 1%. Also,
the limit for covered bonds has been temporarily increased to provide better access to Bank of Canada facilities, and banks are allowed to draw on their HQLA
assets, thereby falling below the 100% threshold required by the Liquidity Adequacy Requirements guideline for the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR).

The Bank entered the crisis with a strong liquidity position, and it has maintained sound and prudent liquidity management throughout the quarters ended
July 31, 2020 and April 30, 2020. During the quarter ended April 30, 2020, the Bank participated in certain Bank of Canada programs designed to provide
credit to its clients and to substitute some short-term funding. Given the sustained growth in deposits and improvements in capital markets, the Bank did not
participate in the term repurchase program during the quarter ended July 31, 2020. In light of the government liquidity facilities and household and business
needs, the Bank is maintaining a liquidity buffer that will enable it to further support its clients.

For additional information, refer to the Risk Management – Liquidity and Funding Risk section of the MD&A.
Global Economy
After a sharp decline in economic activity following the measures taken by health authorities in the first and second quarters of 2020, the global economy has
been recovering faster than expected, and the stress on financial markets has eased considerably. Despite these developments, the strength of the rebound
varies greatly from one region to the next. There are several potential reasons for these differences: the seriousness of the epidemiological situation, exposure
to the more seriously affected industries (such as tourism), and the magnitude of the fiscal and monetary responses from government authorities. Taking into
consideration the catastrophic economic consequences of the pandemic and the unprecedented response from fiscal and monetary authorities, we maintain
our global growth scenario for the year 2020 unchanged at (4.0)%(1), which is more optimistic than the projections of the International Monetary Fund and the
Bank of Canada. Some caution should nevertheless be exercised concerning the longer-term outlook. Unfortunately, the last few weeks have demonstrated
that no country is immune to a resurgence of the coronavirus. Outbreaks may continue until a vaccine becomes available. In addition to the pandemic, the
strained relationship between the White House and China poses another risk to economic recovery. In this context, a return to normal seems unlikely at any
time in the near future.

In the near term, the U.S. economy is expected to continue to recover, stimulated by strong latent demand and second-quarter federal government payments to
consumers that more than offset wage losses related to the sluggish labour market. This being said, it is difficult to foresee a sustainable recovery until there
is evidence of a stronger rally in the service sector, and this will continue to depend on the epidemiological situation. Until a vaccine is brought to market,
sectors in which social distancing is more difficult to achieve will be operating at a slower pace, despite the enormous assistance provided by the U.S. Federal
Reserve. In the meantime, uncertainty hangs over a proposed extension to the financial support provided to workers who lost their jobs. Without this
extension, their income may fall considerably in the coming months. We expect GDP to contract by 5.2%(1) in 2020 and then recover 3.5%(1) in 2021. However,
this depends on U.S. legislators reaching an agreement on extending budget assistance measures.

Canadian Economy
In Canada, the economic downturn in the first half of the year was much more pronounced than in the United States. However, a number of factors give reason
to be optimistic about a stronger rally in the Canadian economy in the second half of the year. First, a gradual economic recovery, combined with a lower
starting point due to tighter public health policies, will naturally lead to a more vigorous rebound in Canada. But there is more. A resurgence in the number of
COVID-19 cases and the looming fiscal cliff suggest a more turbulent path in the United States at this point in time. Already, the labour market’s faster recovery
on this side of the border suggests that we will experience a more vigorous recovery in the third quarter. Retail and housing sales have returned to pre-crisis
levels, suggesting a faster-than-expected return to normal. But it would be reckless to extrapolate this recent trend. First, latent demand had built up during
the lockdown, and second, households have not yet suffered the consequences of the current economic difficulties. Consumers have benefited from deferred
debt payments, and the income assistance programs established by the various levels of government have more than offset labour market losses. But
governments cannot accumulate deficits of this magnitude indefinitely without jeopardizing the long-term sustainability of public finances. We maintain our
growth forecast at (7.1)%(1) for 2020, with a 4.9%(1) rally in 2021.

Quebec Economy
Since Quebec was the epicentre of the pandemic in Canada, the Quebec government was one of the first to declare the closure of non-essential services,
applying a broader definition than what was used elsewhere in the country. This included closing the construction and mining sectors. In this context,
Quebec’s decline in employment from February to April was 18.7%, the worst of the ten provinces. However, the recovery has been stronger in Quebec. In July,
employment was only 5.6% below the level recorded for February, which compares favourably to the 7.0% observed nationally. The province’s unemployment
rate was 9.5%, substantially below Canada’s 10.9%. The recovery is expected to continue, but unused capacity in the labour market is expected to persist for
some time, while some sectors where physical distancing remains an issue may continue to operate well below capacity. After two years in which Quebec's
economic growth outpaced the national rate, we may see this situation reverse, with an average contraction of 8.0%(1) in 2020. We remain optimistic, however,
that the economy will rally more strongly in the second half of the year, given the jump in the employment rate, especially among women. We expect economic
activity to rebound with 5.5%(1) growth in 2021.




(1)   GDP growth expectations, Economics group of National Bank Financial
(millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts)                                                     Quarter ended July 31                                    Nine months ended July 31
                                                                                    2020                     2019        % Change                  2020                      2019       % Change
Operating results
Total revenues                                                                    1,968                    1,948                 1               5,927                     5,517                 7
Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes(1)                      894                      794                13               2,641                     2,311                14
Net income                                                                          602                      608                (1)              1,591                     1,718                (7)
Net income attributable to the Bank’s shareholders                                  589                      591                 −               1,551                     1,666                (7)
Return on common shareholders’ equity                                              17.0 %                   18.7 %                                15.3 %                    17.9 %
Earnings per share
 Basic                                                         $                    1.67        $           1.68                 (1) $             4.37         $            4.71               (7)
 Diluted                                                                            1.66                    1.66                  −                4.34                      4.67               (7)
Operating results on a taxable equivalent basis
 and excluding specified items(1)
Total revenues on a taxable equivalent basis and
  excluding specified items                                                       2,021                    1,946                  4              6,143                     5,658                 9
Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes
 on a taxable equivalent basis and excluding specified items                        947                      904                  5              2,870                     2,564                12
Net income excluding specified items                                                602                      606                 (1)             1,601                     1,716                (7)
Return on common shareholders’ equity
 excluding specified items                                                          17.0 %                  18.6 %                                 15.4 %                    17.9 %
Efficiency ratio on a taxable equivalent basis and
 excluding specified items                                                          53.1 %                  53.5 %                                 53.3 %                    54.7 %
Earnings per share excluding specified items(1)
 Basic                                                         $                    1.67        $           1.67                  −    $           4.40         $            4.70               (6)
 Diluted                                                                            1.66                    1.66                  −                4.37                      4.67               (6)
Common share information
Dividends declared                                             $                   0.71         $           0.68                       $          2.13          $           1.98
Book value                                                                        38.91                    36.12                                 38.91                     36.12
Share price
 High                                                                            65.54                    64.16                                 74.79                     64.16
 Low                                                                             51.38                    60.71                                 38.73                     54.97
 Close                                                                           63.24                    63.88                                 63.24                     63.88
Number of common shares (thousands)                                            335,666                  334,210                               335,666                   334,210
Market capitalization                                                           21,228                   21,349                                21,228                    21,349

                                                                                                                                                    As at                  As at
                                                                                                                                                 July 31,            October 31,
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                      2020                  2019         % Change
Balance sheet and off-balance-sheet
Total assets                                                                                                                                  322,453                  281,458                15
Loans and acceptances, net of allowances                                                                                                      161,753                  153,251                 6
Deposits                                                                                                                                      205,478                  189,566                 8
Equity attributable to common shareholders                                                                                                     13,060                   12,328                 6
Assets under administration and under management                                                                                              587,083                  565,396                 4
Regulatory ratios under Basel III(2)
Capital ratios
 Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1)                                                                                                                       11.4 %                  11.7 %
 Tier 1                                                                                                                                            14.0 %                  15.0 %
 Total                                                                                                                                             15.1 %                  16.1 %
Leverage ratio                                                                                                                                      4.3 %                   4.0 %
Liquidity coverage ratio (LCR)                                                                                                                      161 %                   146 %
Regulatory ratios under Basel III (adjusted)(3)
Capital ratios
 CET1                                                                                                                                              11.2 %
 Tier 1                                                                                                                                            13.8 %
 Total                                                                                                                                             15.1 %
Leverage ratio                                                                                                                                      4.2 %
Other information
Number of employees – Worldwide                                                                                                                 26,544                  25,487                  4
Number of branches in Canada                                                                                                                       409                     422                 (3)
Number of banking machines in Canada                                                                                                               936                     939                  −
(1)   See the Financial Reporting Method section on pages 12 and 13 for additional information on non-GAAP financial measures.
(2)   The ratios as at July 31, 2020 include the transitional measures granted by OSFI. For additional information, see the section entitled COVID-19 Pandemic – Key Measures Introduced by the
      Regulatory Authorities on pages 7 to 9 of this MD&A.
(3)   The adjusted ratios as at July 31, 2020 do not include the transitional measure applicable to expected credit loss provisioning. For additional information, see the section entitled “COVID-19
      Pandemic – Key Measures Introduced by the Regulatory Authorities” on pages 7 to 9 of this MD&A.
As stated in Note 2 to its audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019, the Bank adopted IFRS 16 on
November 1, 2019. As permitted by the IFRS 16 transitional provisions, the Bank elected to apply IFRS 16 using the modified retrospective basis, with no
restatement of comparative periods. Note 2 to these consolidated financial statements presents the impacts of IFRS 16 adoption on the Bank’s Consolidated
Balance Sheet as at November 1, 2019 and additional information about the adoption of IFRS 16. Since interim consolidated financial statements do not
include all of the annual financial statement disclosures required under IFRS, they should be read in conjunction with the audited annual consolidated financial
statements and accompanying notes for the year ended October 31, 2019.




The Bank uses a number of financial measures when assessing its results and measuring overall performance. Some of these financial measures are not
calculated in accordance with GAAP, which are based on IFRS. Presenting non-GAAP financial measures helps readers to better understand how management
analyzes results, shows the impacts of specified items on the results of the reported periods, and allows readers to assess results without the specified items
if they consider such items not to be reflective of the underlying performance of the Bank’s operations. The Bank cautions readers that it uses non-GAAP
financial measures that do not have standardized meanings under GAAP and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures used by other companies.

Like many other financial institutions, the Bank uses the taxable equivalent basis to calculate net interest income, non-interest income, and income taxes. This
calculation method consists of grossing up certain tax-exempt income (particularly dividends) by the income tax that would have been otherwise payable. An
equivalent amount is added to income taxes. This adjustment is necessary in order to perform a uniform comparison of the return on different assets
regardless of their tax treatment.

Fiscal 2020 is being marked by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on macroeconomic factors, which resulted in a significant increase in the Bank’s
provisions for credit losses. Given the materiality of the provisions for credit losses recorded in accordance with IFRS, the Bank believes it is useful to show
income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes, income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes on a taxable equivalent basis as well
as income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes on a taxable equivalent basis and excluding specified items (as presented in the Consolidated
Results table on page 14 and in the Results by Segment tables on pages 17 to 21), thereby providing readers with additional information to help them better
understand the main components of the financial results of the Bank and its business segments.
(millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts)                                                          Quarter ended July 31                                Nine months ended July 31
                                                                                             2020                   2019       % Change               2020                   2019        % Change

Net income excluding specified items(1)
 Personal and Commercial                                                                      233                   274              (15)             549                    746                (26)
 Wealth Management                                                                            128                   125                2              404                    365                 11
 Financial Markets                                                                            188                   179                5              531                    505                  5
 U.S. Specialty Finance and International                                                      87                    69               26              246                    201                 22
 Other                                                                                        (34)                  (41)                             (129)                  (101)
Net income excluding specified items                                                          602
                                                                                              602                   606                (1)          1,601                  1,716                 (7)
 Charge related to Maple(2)                                                                     −                     −                               (10)                     −
 Gain on disposal of Fiera Capital shares(3)                                                    −                    68                                 −                     68
 Gain on disposal of premises and equipment(4)                                                  −                    43                                 −                     43
 Remeasurement at fair value of an investment(5)                                                −                   (27)                                −                    (27)
 Impairment losses on premises and equipment and
   on intangible assets(6)                                                                      −                   (42)                                −                    (42)
 Provisions for onerous contracts(7)                                                            −                   (33)                                −                    (33)
 Severance pay(8)                                                                               −                    (7)                                −                     (7)
Net income                                                                                    602                   608                (1)          1,591                  1,718                 (7)
Diluted earnings per share excluding specified items                                $        1.66         $        1.66                 −    $        4.37         $        4.67                 (6)
 Charge related to Maple(2)                                                                     −                     −                              (0.03)                    −
 Gain on disposal of Fiera Capital shares(3)                                                    −                  0.20                                  −                  0.20
 Gain on disposal of premises and equipment(4)                                                  −                  0.12                                  −                  0.12
 Remeasurement at fair value of an investment(5)                                                −                 (0.08)                                 −                 (0.08)
 Impairment losses on premises and equipment and
   on intangible assets(6)                                                                      −                 (0.12)                                 −                 (0.12)
 Provisions for onerous contracts(7)                                                            −                 (0.10)                                 −                 (0.10)
 Severance pay(8)                                                                               −                 (0.02)                                 −                 (0.02)
Diluted earnings per share                                                          $        1.66         $        1.66                 −    $        4.34         $        4.67                 (7)
Return on common shareholders’ equity
 Including specified items                                                                   17.0 %                18.7 %                             15.3 %                17.9 %
 Excluding specified items                                                                   17.0 %                18.6 %                             15.4 %                17.9 %

(1)   For the quarter and nine-month period ended July 31, 2019, certain amounts have been reclassified.
(2)   During the nine-month period ended July 31, 2020, the Bank recorded a charge of $13 million ($10 million net of income taxes) related to Maple Financial Group Inc. (Maple) in the Other
      heading of segment results following the event that occurred in December 2019, as described in the Contingent Liabilities section on page 25 of this MD&A.
(3)   During the quarter ended July 31, 2019, following the Bank’s disposal of a portion of its investment in Fiera Capital Corporation (Fiera Capital), a gain on disposal of $79 million ($68 million
      net of income taxes), including a gain of $31 million ($27 million net of income taxes) upon remeasurement at fair value of the retained interest, was recorded in the Other heading of
      segment results.
(4)   During the quarter ended July 31, 2019, the Bank completed the sale of its head office land and building located at 600 De La Gauchetière West, Montreal, Quebec, Canada, for gross
      proceeds of $187 million, and a gain on disposal of premises and equipment of $50 million ($43 million net of income taxes) was recorded in the Other heading of segment results.
(5)   During the quarter ended July 31, 2019, the Bank remeasured at fair value its investment in NSIA Participations (NSIA) and recorded a loss of $33 million ($27 million net of income taxes) in
      the Other heading of segment results.
(6)   During the quarter ended July 31, 2019, the Bank recorded $57 million ($42 million net of income taxes) in impairment losses on premises and equipment and on intangible assets related
      to computer equipment and technology developments in the Other heading of segment results.
(7)   During the quarter ended July 31, 2019, the Bank reviewed all of its corporate building leases and recorded provisions for onerous contracts of $45 million ($33 million net of income taxes)
      in the Other heading of segment results.
(8)   During the quarter ended July 31, 2019, following an optimization of certain organizational structures, the Bank recorded $10 million ($7 million net of income taxes) in severance pay.
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                    Quarter ended July 31                 Nine months ended July 31
                                                                                               2020               2019           % Change      2020         2019       % Change

Operating results
Net interest income                                                                          1,096                855                 28     3,131         2,660             18
Non-interest income                                                                            872              1,093                (20)    2,796         2,857             (2)
Total revenues                                                                               1,968              1,948                  1     5,927         5,517              7
Non-interest expenses                                                                        1,074              1,154                 (7)    3,286         3,206              2
Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes(1)                                 894                794                 13     2,641         2,311             14
Provisions for credit losses                                                                   143                 86                 66       736           258
Income before income taxes                                                                     751                708                  6     1,905         2,053              (7)
Income taxes                                                                                   149                100                 49       314           335              (6)
Net income                                                                                     602                608                 (1)    1,591         1,718              (7)
Diluted earnings per share (dollars)                                                          1.66               1.66                  −      4.34          4.67              (7)
Taxable equivalent basis(1)
Net interest income                                                                              49                 58                         162           138
Non-interest income                                                                               4                 36                          54            99
Income taxes                                                                                     53                 94                         216           237
Impact of taxable equivalent basis on net income                                                  −                  −                           −             −
Specified items(1)
Charge related to Maple                                                                            −                 −                         (13)            −
Gain on disposal of Fiera Capital shares                                                           −                79                           −            79
Gain on disposal of premises and equipment                                                         −                50                           −            50
Remeasurement at fair value of an investment                                                       −               (33)                          −           (33)
Impairment losses on premises and equipment and on intangible assets                               −               (57)                          −           (57)
Provisions for onerous contracts                                                                   −               (45)                          −           (45)
Severance pay                                                                                      −               (10)                          −           (10)
Specified items before income taxes                                                                −               (16)                        (13)          (16)
Income taxes on specified items                                                                    −               (18)                         (3)          (18)
Specified items after income taxes                                                                 −                 2                         (10)            2
Operating results on a taxable equivalent basis and
  excluding specified items(1)
Net interest income on a taxable equivalent basis                                             1,145               913                 25     3,293         2,798             18
Non-interest income on a taxable equivalent basis and
  excluding specified items                                                                     876             1,033                (15)    2,850         2,860              −
Total revenues on a taxable equivalent basis and excluding specified items                    2,021             1,946                  4     6,143         5,658              9
Non-interest expenses excluding specified items                                               1,074             1,042                  3     3,273         3,094              6
Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes on a
 taxable equivalent basis and excluding specified items                                         947               904                  5     2,870         2,564             12
Provisions for credit losses                                                                    143                86                 66       736           258
Income before income taxes on a taxable equivalent basis and
 excluding specified items                                                                      804                818                (2)    2,134         2,306             (7)
Income taxes on a taxable equivalent basis and excluding specified items                        202                212                (5)      533           590            (10)
Net income excluding specified items                                                            602                606                (1)    1,601         1,716             (7)
Diluted earnings per share excluding specified items (dollars)                                 1.66               1.66                 −      4.37          4.67             (6)

Average assets                                                                             319,968           288,328                  11    311,412     283,647              10
Average loans and acceptances                                                              160,457           149,405                   7    158,329     147,547               7
Average deposits                                                                           207,450           186,344                  11    203,831     181,093              13
Efficiency ratio on a taxable equivalent basis and excluding specified items(1)               53.1 %            53.5 %                         53.3 %      54.7 %

(1)   See the Financial Reporting Method section on pages 12 and 13 for additional information on non-GAAP financial measures.
Financial Results
For the third quarter of 2020, National Bank is reporting net income of $602 million compared to $608 million in the third quarter of 2019. Third-quarter
diluted earnings per share stood at $1.66, unchanged from $1.66 in the third quarter of 2019. Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes(1)
totalled $894 million in the third quarter of 2020, a 13% year-over-year increase driven by revenue growth in the Wealth Management segment, Financial
Markets segment, and U.S. Specialty Finance and International (USSF&I) segment.

Net income excluding specified items(1) totalled $602 million in the third quarter of 2020, down 1% from $606 million in the third quarter of 2019. Third-
quarter diluted earnings per share excluding specified items(1) stood at $1.66, unchanged from $1.66 in the same quarter of 2019. For the third quarter of
2019, the specified items, net of income taxes, had included a $68 million gain on disposal of Fiera Capital shares, a $43 million gain on disposal of premises
and equipment, a $27 million loss on the remeasurement at fair value of the Bank’s investment in NSIA, $42 million in impairment losses on premises and
equipment and on intangible assets, $33 million in provisions for onerous contracts, and $7 million in severance pay.

For the nine months ended July 31, 2020, the Bank’s net income totalled $1,591 million, down 7% from $1,718 million in the same period of 2019. For the nine
months ended July 31, 2020, the Bank’s diluted earnings per share stood at $4.34, down 7% from $4.67 in the same period of 2019. These decreases were
essentially due to higher provisions for credit losses recorded in second quarter 2020 to reflect the impacts of COVID-19. However, income before provisions
for credit losses and income taxes on a taxable equivalent basis and excluding specified items(1) totalled $2,870 million for the nine-month period ended July
31, 2020, a 12% year-over-year increase driven by revenue growth in all business segments. Nine-month diluted earnings per share excluding specified
items(1) stood at $4.37 compared to $4.67 in the same nine-month period of 2019. The 2020 nine-month specified item, net of income taxes, consisted of a
$10 million charge related to Maple. The nine-month specified items recorded in 2019, in a net amount of $2 million, net of income taxes, are the same as
those mentioned for the quarter.

Return on common shareholders’ equity excluding specified items(1) was 15.4% for the nine months ended July 31, 2020 compared to 17.9% in the same nine-
month period of 2019.

Total Revenues
For the third quarter of 2020, the Bank’s total revenues amounted to $1,968 million, rising $20 million or 1% year over year. The Personal and Commercial
Banking segment’s third-quarter total revenues were down 4% due to a smaller net interest margin, partly offset by growth in loan and deposit volumes, as
well as to decreases in credit card revenues, in revenues from deposit and payment service charges, and in revenues from derivative financial instruments and
foreign exchange activities. Insurance revenues were also down year over year, as a revision to actuarial reserves had had a more favourable impact in the
third quarter of 2019. The Wealth Management segment’s third-quarter total revenues were up 3% owing mainly to an increase in transaction-based and other
revenues. In the Financial Markets segment, total revenues on taxable equivalent basis(1) rose 14% owing to an increase in global markets revenues and
corporate and investment banking revenues. And the USSF&I segment's total revenues rose 21%, owing to revenue growth at the ABA Bank subsidiary and the
Credigy subsidiary. The 2019 third-quarter total revenues had included the following specified items: a $79 million gain on disposal of Fiera Capital shares, a
$50 million gain on disposal of premises and equipment, and a $33 million loss arising from the remeasurement at fair value of the Bank’s investment in NSIA.
Total revenues on a taxable equivalent basis and excluding specified items(1) amounted to $2,021 million in the third quarter of 2020, up 4% from
$1,946 million in the third quarter of 2019.

For the nine months ended July 31, 2020, total revenues amounted to $5,927 million, up $410 million or 7% from $5,517 million for the same period of 2019.
The Personal and Commercial Banking segment’s nine-month total revenues were up slightly by $4 million, as the growth in net interest income was offset by
lower credit card revenues and lower revenues from deposit and payment service charges, with these decreases being essentially related to the pandemic, as
well as by lower insurance revenues. The Bank’s increase in total nine-month revenues was partly due to higher fee-based revenues and higher transaction-
based and other revenues in the Wealth Management segment. In the Financial Markets segment, nine-month total revenues on a taxable equivalent basis(1)
rose $303 million year over year, mainly due to an increase in global markets revenues. Lastly, in the USSF&I segment, nine-month total revenues were up
12%, as business growth at ABA Bank drove higher loan and deposit volumes, whereas Credigy's nine-month revenues declined year over year. The Bank’s
total revenues recorded for the nine-month period ended July 31, 2019 had included the same specified items as those mentioned for the quarter. Nine-month
total revenues on a taxable equivalent basis and excluding specified items(1) amounted to $6,143 million, up 9% from $5,658 million in the same period of
2019.




(1)   See the Financial Reporting Method section on pages 12 and 13 for additional information on non-GAAP financial measures.
Non-Interest Expenses
For the third quarter of 2020, non-interest expenses stood at $1,074 million, a 7% year-over-year decrease that was essentially due to the specified items
recorded in the third quarter of 2019, which had included $57 million in impairment losses on premises and equipment and on intangible assets, $45 million
in provisions for onerous contracts, and $10 million in severance pay. Also contributing to this third-quarter decrease in non-interest expenses was a reduction
to the variable compensation provision as well as a decrease in certain variable expenses and other discretionary costs. These decreases were somewhat
offset by expenses incurred by the Bank to deploy pandemic-related health and safety measures for employees and clients as well as by an increase in the
technology expenses incurred for the Bank's transformation plan and business development purposes. Third-quarter non-interest expenses excluding
specified items(1) stood at $1,074 million, up 3% from $1,042 million in the third quarter of 2019.

For the nine months ended July 31, 2020, non-interest expenses stood at $3,286 million, a 2% year-over-year increase that was essentially due to higher
compensation and employee benefits, in particular the variable compensation associated with revenue growth in the Wealth Management segment, Financial
Markets segment, and USSF&I segment, to the expenses incurred by the Bank to deploy pandemic-related measures, and to an increase in the technology
investments made by the Bank for its transformation plan and business development purposes. In addition, the 2020 nine-month other expenses included a
$13 million charge related to Maple. These increases were tempered by the $57 million in impairment losses on premises and equipment and on intangible
assets, the $45 million in provisions for onerous contracts, and the $10 million in severance pay that had been recorded in the same nine-month period of
2019. Non-interest expenses excluding specified items(1) stood at $3,273 million for the nine months ended July 31, 2020, up 6% from $3,094 million in the
same nine-month period of 2019.

Provisions for Credit Losses
For the third quarter of 2020, the Bank recorded $143 million in provisions for credit losses compared to $86 million in the same quarter of 2019. The increase
in provisions for credit losses was attributable as much to the non-impaired as the impaired loans of Personal Banking, while the credit loss provisions on
impaired loans were up in both Commercial Banking and in the Financial Markets segment. This increase was tempered by a decrease in provisions on
impaired loans for credit card receivables as well as on impaired loans recorded by the Credigy subsidiary.

For the nine months ended July 31, 2020, the Bank recorded $736 million in provisions for credit losses compared to $258 million in the same period of 2019.
This considerable increase mainly reflects a significant deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook (in particular GDP growth, the unemployment rate, and oil
prices) caused by COVID-19 in the second quarter of 2020 and the expected impacts of the pandemic on the Bank's clients. The higher credit loss provisions on
impaired loans recorded by Commercial Banking and by the Financial Markets segment were tempered somewhat by a decrease in the credit loss provisions on
impaired loans recorded by the Credigy subsidiary as a result of repayments and maturities in certain loan portfolios.

Income Taxes
For the third quarter of 2020, income taxes stood at $149 million compared to $100 million in the same quarter of 2019. The 2020 third-quarter effective tax
rate was 20% compared to 14% in the same quarter of 2019. This change in effective tax rate stems from a lower proportion of income from lower tax rate
jurisdictions and of tax-exempt dividend income compared to the same quarter of 2019 and from the realization of capital gains taxed at a lower rate in the
third quarter of 2019.

For the nine months ended July 31, 2020, the effective tax rate was 16%, unchanged from the same nine-month period of 2019.




(1)   See the Financial Reporting Method section on pages 12 and 13 for additional information on non-GAAP financial measures.
The Bank carries out its activities in four business segments: Personal and Commercial, Wealth Management, Financial Markets, and U.S. Specialty Finance
and International. For presentation purposes, other operating activities, certain non-recurring items and Treasury activities are grouped in the Other heading.
Each reportable segment is distinguished by services offered, type of clientele, and marketing strategy.

Personal and Commercial

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                               Quarter ended July 31                   Nine months ended July 31
                                                                                      2020               2019(1)         % Change          2020       2019(1)       % Change

Operating results
Net interest income                                                                  600                 604                      (1)     1,818       1,771                 3
Non-interest income                                                                  252                 287                     (12)       762         805                (5)
Total revenues                                                                       852                 891                      (4)     2,580       2,576                 −
Non-interest expenses                                                                457                 461                      (1)     1,384       1,382                 −
Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes(2)                       395                 430                      (8)     1,196       1,194                 −
Provisions for credit losses                                                          79                  57                      39        450         178
Income before income taxes                                                           316                 373                     (15)       746       1,016              (27)
Income taxes                                                                          83                  99                     (16)       197         270              (27)
Net income                                                                           233                 274                     (15)       549         746              (26)
Net interest margin(3)                                                              2.15 %              2.23 %                             2.19 %      2.23 %
Average interest-bearing assets                                                  111,014             107,308                      3     110,728     106,259                4
Average assets                                                                   116,846             113,132                      3     116,611     112,064                4
Average loans and acceptances                                                    116,371             112,629                      3     116,114     111,552                4
Net impaired loans(4)                                                                384                 370                      4         384         370                4
Net impaired loans(4) as a % of average loans and acceptances                        0.3 %               0.3 %                              0.3 %       0.3 %
Average deposits                                                                  68,974              62,977                     10      65,757      61,566                7
Efficiency ratio                                                                    53.6 %              51.7 %                             53.6 %      53.6 %

(1)   For the quarter and nine-month period ended July 31, 2019, certain amounts have been reclassified.
(2)   See the Financial Reporting Method section on pages 12 and 13 for additional information on non-GAAP financial measures.
(3)   Net interest margin is calculated by dividing net interest income by average interest-bearing assets.
(4)   Net impaired loans are presented net of allowances for credit losses on Stage 3 loan amounts drawn.


In the Personal and Commercial segment, net income totalled $233 million in the third quarter of 2020 compared to $274 million in the third quarter of 2019.
This decrease stems from a $39 million or 4% decrease in total revenues and a $22 million increase in provisions for credit losses. Third-quarter revenues were
also down, as there was a $4 million decline in net interest income due to lower interest rates that more than offset growth in personal and commercial loan
and deposit volumes, and non-interest income decreased $35 million, partly due to a decline in credit card revenues.
Personal Banking’s third-quarter total revenues declined $28 million year over year. A decrease in net interest income, caused by smaller loan and deposit
margins, and a decrease in both credit card revenues and insurance revenues were partly offset by higher loan and deposit volumes. Commercial Banking’s
third-quarter total revenues were down $11 million given a decrease in revenues from derivative financial instruments and from foreign exchange activities.
For the third quarter of 2020, the Personal and Commercial segment's non-interest expenses stood at $457 million, down 1% from the third quarter of 2019.
An increase in compensation and employee benefits was more than offset by a decrease in certain variable expenses, notably business development
expenses, given the social distancing and lockdown measures imposed by governments. At 53.6%, the third-quarter efficiency ratio declined by
1.9 percentage points compared to the third quarter of 2019. The segment recorded $79 million in provisions for credit losses, a $22 million year-over-year
increase related mainly to higher provisions on Commercial Banking loans, notably provisions on impaired loans, as well as to provisions on Personal Banking
loans and on credit card receivables.

For the nine months ended July 31, 2020, net income generated by the Personal and Commercial segment totalled $549 million, down from $746 million in the
same nine-month period of 2019. This decrease stems essentially from the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, in particular the considerable increase in
provisions for credit losses recorded in the second quarter of 2020 to reflect a significant deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook and the expected
impacts on the segment’s clients. The segment's income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes(1) increased $2 million, and its total revenues
increased $4 million. Personal Banking’s nine-month total revenues were down, mainly due to a decrease in credit card revenues, as credit card transactions
declined due to pandemic-related circumstances, as well as to narrower margins on loans and deposits, partly offset by growth in loan and deposit volumes.
As for Commercial Banking, its nine-month total revenues were up owing to growth in loan and deposit volumes as well as to an increase in bankers'
acceptance revenues. The segment’s nine-month non-interest expenses stood at $1,384 million, relatively stable compared to the same nine-month period of
2019. Higher compensation and employee benefits and higher technology expenses were partly offset by lower operations support charges and the segment’s
amortization expense. The nine-month efficiency ratio was 53.6%, unchanged from the same period of 2019.




(1)   See the Financial Reporting Method section on pages 12 and 13 for additional information on non-GAAP financial measures.
For the nine-month period ended July 31, 2020, the segment’s provisions for credit losses were up $272 million year over year, as higher provisions were
recorded on non-impaired Personal Banking and Commercial Banking loans and on non-impaired credit card receivables to reflect the significant deterioration
in the macroeconomic outlook in the second quarter of 2020 caused by COVID-19 and the expected impacts of the pandemic on the segment’s clients.
Provisions for credit losses on Commercial Banking's impaired loans were also up when compared to the same nine-month period in 2019.

Wealth Management


(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                               Quarter ended July 31                  Nine months ended July 31
                                                                                       2020              2019(1)         % Change         2020       2019(1)       % Change
Operating results
Net interest income                                                                   106                 112                    (5)       335         344               (3)
Fee-based revenues                                                                    266                 259                     3        806         750                7
Transaction-based and other revenues                                                   78                  66                    18        248         203               22
Total revenues                                                                        450                 437                     3      1,389       1,297                7
Non-interest expenses                                                                 274                 268                     2        834         802                4
Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes(2)                        176                 169                     4        555         495               12
Provisions for credit losses                                                            2                   −                                6           −
Income before income taxes                                                            174                 169                     3        549         495               11
Income taxes                                                                           46                  44                     5        145         130               12
Net income                                                                            128                 125                     2        404         365               11
Average assets                                                                      5,718               6,146                    (7)     5,881       6,265               (6)
Average loans and acceptances                                                       4,655               4,855                    (4)     4,738       4,865               (3)
Net impaired loans(3)                                                                   8                   2                                8           2
Average deposits                                                                   35,275              31,916                    11     34,057      32,511                5
Assets under administration and under management                                  587,083             557,858                     5    587,083     557,858                5
Efficiency ratio                                                                     60.9 %              61.3 %                           60.0 %      61.8 %

(1)   For the quarter and nine-month period ended July 31, 2019, certain amounts have been reclassified.
(2)   See the Financial Reporting Method section on pages 12 and 13 for additional information on non-GAAP financial measures.
(3)   Net impaired loans are presented net of allowances for credit losses on Stage 3 loan amounts drawn.


In the Wealth Management segment, net income totalled $128 million in the third quarter of 2020, a 2% increase from $125 million in the same quarter of
2019. The segment’s third-quarter total revenues amounted to $450 million, up $13 million or 3% from $437 million in the third quarter of 2019. This increase
in revenues was mainly driven by an 18% increase in transaction-based and other revenues given greater trading volume and by a 3% increase in fee-based
revenues due to year-over-year growth in the volume of assets under administration and under management. As for the segment’s net interest income, it was
down 5% as a result of lower interest rates.

For the third quarter of 2020, the segment's non-interest expenses stood at $274 million, a 2% year-over-year increase arising mainly from higher
compensation and employee benefits, notably the variable compensation associated with growth in the segment's revenues. At 60.9%, the third-quarter
efficiency ratio improved by 0.4 percentage points when compared to the third quarter of 2019. For the third quarter of 2020, the segment recorded $2 million
in provisions for credit losses compared to a negligible amount in the same quarter of 2019.

For the first nine months of 2020, the Wealth Management segment’s net income totalled $404 million, up 11% from $365 million in the same nine-month
period of 2019. The segment’s total revenues amounted to $1,389 million for the nine months ended July 31, 2020, up 7% from $1,297 million in the same
period of 2019. The increase in fee-based revenues was due to growth in average assets under management and administration as a result of net inflows into
various solutions and stronger stock market performance in the nine-month period ended July 31, 2020. Nine-month transaction-based and other revenues
grew 22% year over year owing to an increase in trading volume resulting from stock market volatility during this period. Net interest income was down as a
result of smaller deposit margins. Nine-month non-interest expenses stood at $834 million compared to $802 million in the same period of 2019, with the
increase resulting from higher compensation and employee benefits and higher operations support charges related to the segment's initiatives. At 60.0%, the
nine-month efficiency ratio improved from 61.8% in the same nine-month period of 2019. The segment's nine-month credit loss provisions were up $6 million
year over year, essentially since provisions for credit losses on non-impaired loans were recorded during the second quarter of 2020 to reflect a significant
deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook caused by COVID-19.
Financial Markets

(taxable equivalent basis)(1)
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                              Quarter ended July 31                    Nine months ended July 31
                                                                                      2020               2019(2)       % Change            2020       2019(2)       % Change
Operating results
Global markets
 Equities                                                                              157                164                     (4)      558         424                32
 Fixed-income                                                                          126                 78                     62       316         207                53
 Commodities and foreign exchange                                                       19                 25                    (24)      113         102                11
                                                                                       302                267                     13       987         733                35
Corporate and investment banking                                                       201                174                     16       572         523                 9
Total revenues on a taxable equivalent basis                                           503                441                     14     1,559       1,256                24
Non-interest expenses                                                                  206                187                     10       625         547                14
Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes
 on a taxable equivalent basis(1)                                                    297                 254                     17         934         709               32
Provisions for credit losses                                                          41                  10                                212          20
Income before income taxes on a taxable equivalent basis                             256                 244                      5         722         689                5
Income taxes on a taxable equivalent basis                                            68                  65                      5         191         184                4
Net income                                                                           188                 179                      5         531         505                5
Average assets                                                                   121,544             116,601                      4     121,215     110,218               10
Average loans and acceptances (Corporate Banking only)                            20,093              16,706                     20      18,847      16,448               15
Net impaired loans(3)                                                                 35                  33                      6          35          33                6
Average deposits                                                                  35,465              30,199                     17      35,546      28,874               23
Efficiency ratio on a taxable equivalent basis(1)                                   41.0 %              42.4 %                             40.1 %      43.6 %

(1)   See the Financial Reporting Method section on pages 12 and 13 for additional information on non-GAAP financial measures.
(2)   For the quarter and nine-month period ended July 31, 2019, certain amounts have been reclassified.
(3)   Net impaired loans are presented net of allowances for credit losses on Stage 3 loan amounts drawn.


In the Financial Markets segment, net income totalled $188 million in the third quarter of 2020, up 5% from $179 million in the third quarter of 2019. Total
revenues on a taxable equivalent basis(1) amounted to $503 million, up 14% from $441 million in the third quarter of 2019. Third-quarter global markets
revenues grew 13% year over year, as revenues from fixed-income securities were up 62% while revenues from equities and from commodities and foreign
exchange activities declined slightly. As for corporate and investment banking revenues, they increased 16% year over year due to higher revenues generated
by capital markets activities, particularly revenues from government bond issuances and banking services revenues, which were partly offset by lower
revenues from merger and acquisition activities.

For the third quarter of 2020, the segment’s non-interest expenses stood at $206 million, a 10% year-over-year increase that was essentially due to higher
variable compensation associated with revenue growth in the third quarter of 2020 as well as to higher operations support charges. At 41.0%, the third-
quarter efficiency ratio on a taxable equivalent basis(1) improved by 1.4 percentage points compared to 42.4% in the third quarter of 2019. The segment's
third-quarter provisions for credit losses stood at $41 million compared to $10 million in the same quarter of 2019. This increase came mainly from provisions
on impaired loans in an amount of $21 million. Provisions for credit losses on non-impaired loans also increased, due in part to new loans granted in the third
quarter of 2020.

For the nine months ended July 31, 2020, the segment’s net income totalled $531 million, up 5% year over year. Growth across all of the segment's revenue
categories was tempered by higher provisions for credit losses recorded in the second quarter of 2020 to reflect a significant deterioration in the
macroeconomic outlook caused by COVID-19 and the expected impacts on this segment's clients. Nine-month total revenues on a taxable equivalent basis(1)
amounted to $1,559 million versus $1,256 million for the nine months ended July 31, 2019. Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes on a
taxable equivalent basis(1) increased by $225 million or 32% for the nine-month period ended July 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019. Nine-month
revenues generated by the global markets category increased 35% year over year, with the growth coming from all revenue categories. As for corporate and
investment banking revenues, they were up 9% year over year due to revenue growth generated by capital markets activities, in particular issuances of
government bonds, and merger and acquisition activities.

Nine-month non-interest expenses rose $78 million or 14% year over year, due to an increase in compensation and employee benefits, higher transaction
costs associated with business growth and expenses incurred for technology investments. At 40.1%, the nine-month efficiency ratio on a taxable equivalent
basis(1) improved from 43.6% in the same period of 2019. The segment recorded $212 million in provisions for credit losses during the nine-month period
ended July 31, 2020 compared to $20 million during the same nine-month period of 2019, an increase that stems mainly from credit loss provisions on the
non-impaired loans recorded during the second quarter of 2020 in response to the economic environment created by COVID-19. Furthermore, the provisions
for credit losses on impaired loans were up $47 million compared to the same nine-month period in 2019.




(1)   See the Financial Reporting Method section on pages 12 and 13 for additional information on non-GAAP financial measures.
U.S. Specialty Finance and International (USSF&I)

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                Quarter ended July 31                     Nine months ended July 31
                                                                                       2020                2019           % Change             2020       2019         % Change

Total revenues
 Credigy                                                                               104                  95                    9            284        307                (7)
 ABA Bank                                                                              105                  79                   33            299        213                40
 International                                                                           1                   −                                   5          3
                                                                                       210                 174                   21            588        523                12
Non-interest expenses
 Credigy                                                                                36                  36                    −            106        114                (7)
 ABA Bank                                                                               42                  33                   27            130         95                37
 International                                                                           1                   −                                   3          2
                                                                                        79                  69                   14            239        211                13
Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes(1)                         131                 105                   25            349        312                12
Provisions for credit losses
 Credigy                                                                                16                  15                    7              47         50               (6)
 ABA Bank                                                                                5                   4                   25              16         10               60
                                                                                        21                  19                   11              63         60                5
Income before income taxes                                                             110                  86                   28             286        252               13
Income taxes                                                                            23                  17                   35              40         51              (22)
Net income                                                                              87                  69                   26             246        201               22
Non-controlling interests                                                               10                  11                   (9)             23         33              (30)
Net income attributable to the Bank’s shareholders                                      77                  58                   33             223        168               33
Average assets                                                                      14,872              10,972                   36          14,022     10,674               31
Average loans and receivables                                                       11,931               8,769                   36          11,177      8,763               28
Net impaired loans – Stage 3(2)                                                         26                  15                   73              26         15               73
Purchased or originated credit-impaired (POCI) loans                                   949               1,260                  (25)            949      1,260              (25)
Average deposits                                                                     5,040               3,665                   38           4,742      3,220               47
Efficiency ratio                                                                      37.6 %              39.7 %                               40.6 %     40.3 %

(1)   See the Financial Reporting Method section on pages 12 and 13 for additional information on non-GAAP financial measures.
(2)   Net impaired loans – Stage 3 exclude POCI loans and are presented net of allowances for credit losses on Stage 3 loan amounts drawn.


In the USSF&I segment, net income totalled $87 million in the third quarter of 2020, a 26% increase from $69 million in the same quarter of 2019. For the nine
months ended July 31, 2020, the segment generated net income of $246 million, a 22% increase from $201 million in the same nine-month period of 2019.
Revenue growth generated by the ABA Bank subsidiary was tempered somewhat by a decline in revenues generated by the Credigy subsidiary, whose results
have been affected by the economic environment created by the global pandemic during the nine-month period ended July 31, 2020.

Credigy
For the third quarter of 2020, the Credigy subsidiary’s net income totalled $41 million, a 17% increase from the same quarter of 2019. Credigy's third-quarter
total revenues amounted to $104 million, up from $95 million in the third quarter of 2019 due to growth in loan volumes. Credigy's third-quarter non-interest
expenses stood at $36 million, stable compared to the third quarter of 2019. It recorded $16 million in credit loss provisions for the third quarter of 2020
compared to $15 million in the same quarter of 2019. The increase in credit loss provisions on non-impaired loans related to the impacts of the COVID-19
pandemic was tempered somewhat by a decrease in the credit loss provisions on impaired loans.

For the nine months ended July 31, 2020, the Credigy subsidiary's net income totalled $103 million, down 9% from the same period of 2019. Credigy’s nine-
month total revenues amounted to $284 million, down from $307 million in the same period of 2019 arising from changes in the loan portfolio mix and the
impacts of COVID-19. Its nine-month non-interest expenses were down $8 million as a result of a decrease in variable compensation and collection costs.
Credigy recorded $47 million in provisions for credit losses for the nine-month period ended July 31, 2020, down $3 million from the same period of 2019. The
increase in provisions on non-impaired loans that resulted from a significant deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook caused by COVID-19 and the
expected impacts of the pandemic on the subsidiary’s portfolios was more than offset by a decrease in provisions on impaired loans arising from repayments
and maturities in certain loan portfolios and revaluations of certain portfolios.

ABA Bank
For the third quarter of 2020, the ABA Bank subsidiary's net income totalled $46 million, rising 35% from the third quarter of 2019. A 33% increase in
ABA Bank's third-quarter revenues was driven by sustained growth in loan and deposit volumes. The subsidiary's third-quarter non-interest expenses rose
27% year over year, mainly due to its growing banking network. It recorded $5 million in credit loss provisions for the third quarter of 2020 compared to
$4 million in the same quarter of 2019.

For the nine months ended July 31, 2020, the ABA Bank subsidiary's net income totalled $141 million, up 62% from the same period of 2019. Year over year,
ABA Bank's nine-month total revenues rose 40% and its nine-month non-interest expenses rose 37%, with both increases being attributable to growth in its
business activities. For the nine-month period ended July 31, 2020, the subsidiary recorded $16 million in provisions for credit losses, up $6 million from the
same period of 2019 and reflecting the expected impacts of the global pandemic on the subsidiary's clients.

The subsidiary's effective tax rate was down in the nine-month period ended July 31, 2020 due to tax incentive measures granted by the Cambodian
government and recorded during the second quarter of 2020.
Other

(taxable equivalent basis)(1)
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                            Quarter ended July 31    Nine months ended July 31
                                                                                                                      2020              2019(2)     2020             2019(2)

Operating results
Net interest income on a taxable equivalent basis                                                                      (51)               (45)      (122)             (138)
Non-interest income on a taxable equivalent basis                                                                       57                144        149               240
Total revenues on a taxable equivalent basis                                                                             6                 99         27               102
Non-interest expenses                                                                                                   58                169        204               264
Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes on a taxable equivalent basis(1)                           (52)               (70)      (177)             (162)
Provisions for credit losses                                                                                             −                  −          5                 −
Income before income taxes on a taxable equivalent basis                                                               (52)               (70)      (182)             (162)
Income taxes (recovery) on a taxable equivalent basis                                                                  (18)               (31)       (43)              (63)
Net loss                                                                                                               (34)               (39)      (139)              (99)
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                3                  6         17                19
Net loss attributable to the Bank’s shareholders                                                                       (37)               (45)      (156)             (118)

Specified items after income taxes(1)                                                                                   −                  2         (10)                2
Net loss excluding specified items(1)                                                                                 (34)               (41)       (129)             (101)
Average assets                                                                                                     60,988             41,477      53,683            44,426

(1)   See the Financial Reporting Method section on pages 12 and 13 for additional information on non-GAAP financial measures.
(2)   For the quarter and nine-month period ended July 31, 2019, certain amounts have been reclassified.


For the Other heading of segment results, there was a net loss of $34 million in the third quarter of 2020 compared to a net loss of $39 million in the same
quarter of 2019. The change in net loss was primarily driven by a greater contribution made by treasury activities in the third quarter of 2020. In addition, the
expenses incurred by the Bank to implement health and safety measures for employees and clients in response to the exceptional circumstances created by
COVID-19 and the increase in technology investments made for the Bank’s transformation plan and business development activities were partly offset by a
decrease in the variable compensation provision recorded in the third quarter of 2020 and also by decreases in certain variable expenses and other
discretionary costs. For the third quarter of 2019, the specified items had included a $79 million gain on disposal of Fiera Capital shares, a $50 million gain on
disposal of premises and equipment, a $33 million loss on the remeasurement at fair value of the Bank’s investment in NSIA, $57 million in impairment losses
on premises and equipment and intangible assets, $45 million in provisions for onerous contracts, and $10 million in severance pay. These items, net of
income taxes, had a $2 million favourable impact on the net income in the Other heading in the third quarter of 2019. The third-quarter net loss excluding
specified items(1) was $34 million compared to a $41 million net loss in the same quarter of 2019.

For the nine months ended July 31, 2020, net loss stood at $139 million compared to a net loss of $99 million in the same nine-month period of 2019. This
change in net loss came mainly from expenses incurred by the Bank to implement pandemic-related health and safety measures for employees and clients, an
increase in technology investments made for the Bank’s transformation plan and for business development activities, as well as the Maple-related charge
recorded during the first quarter of 2020, which more than offset the year-over-year increase in the contribution made by treasury activities. The specified
items for the nine-month period ended July 31, 2020, which include the Maple-related charge recorded during the first quarter, had a $10 million unfavourable
impact on the net income in the Other heading. The specified items recorded for the nine-month period ended July 31, 2019 are the same as those provided for
the quarter. The nine-month net loss excluding specified items(1) was $129 million compared to a $101 million net loss in the same period of 2019.




(1)   See the Financial Reporting Method section on pages 12 and 13 for additional information on non-GAAP financial measures.
Consolidated Balance Sheet Summary
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                  As at July 31, 2020     As at October 31, 2019         % Change

Assets
Cash and deposits with financial institutions                                                            29,078                      13,698                 112
Securities                                                                                               97,612                      82,226                  19
Securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowed                         12,711                      17,723                 (28)
Loans and acceptances, net of allowances                                                                161,753                     153,251                   6
Other                                                                                                    21,299                      14,560                  46
                                                                                                        322,453                     281,458                  15

Liabilities and equity
Deposits                                                                                                205,478                     189,566                   8
Other                                                                                                   100,697                      75,983                  33
Subordinated debt                                                                                           777                         773                   1
Equity attributable to the Bank’s shareholders                                                           15,510                      14,778                   5
Non-controlling interests                                                                                    (9)                        358
                                                                                                        322,453                     281,458                  15

Assets
As at July 31, 2020, the Bank had total assets of $322.5 billion, rising $41.0 billion or 15% from $281.5 billion as at October 31, 2019. Cash and deposits with
financial institutions, totalling $29.1 billion as at July 31, 2020, increased $15.4 billion, mainly due to deposits with the Bank of Canada as well as deposits
with financial institutions. The increase in deposits with the Bank of Canada stems partly from the liquidity obtained as part of financing initiatives
implemented by the Canadian government through the Bank of Canada, the objective of which is to support the Canadian financial system during the
COVID-19 pandemic.

Since October 31, 2019, securities rose $15.4 billion due to an $11.0 billion or 18% increase in securities at fair value through profit or loss, particularly
securities issued or guaranteed by Treasury, other U.S. agencies, and other foreign governments, and due to a $4.4 billion increase in securities other than
those measured at fair value through profit or loss. Securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowed decreased by
$5.0 billion, mainly related to the activities of the Financial Markets segment and Treasury.

Totalling $161.8 billion as at July 31, 2020, loans and acceptances, net of allowances, rose $8.5 billion or 6% since October 31, 2019. The following table
provides a breakdown of the main loan and acceptance portfolios.

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                              As at July 31, 2020       As at October 31, 2019     As at July 31, 2019

Loans and acceptances
Residential mortgage and home equity lines of credit                                                  85,608                       80,214                 78,744
Personal                                                                                              13,387                       13,901                 14,185
Credit card                                                                                            2,012                        2,322                  2,322
Business and government                                                                               61,854                       57,492                 56,784
                                                                                                     162,861                      153,929                152,035
Allowances for credit losses                                                                          (1,108)                        (678)                  (687)
                                                                                                     161,753                      153,251                151,348

Residential mortgages (including home equity lines of credit) were up $5.4 billion or 7% compared to October 31, 2019 due to sustained demand for mortgage
credit as well as to business growth at the ABA Bank subsidiary. Since October 31, 2019, personal loans and credit card receivables decreased by $0.5 billion
and $0.3 billion, respectively, while loans and acceptances to business and government were up $4.4 billion or 8% owing to growth in corporate financial
services activities and to growth at the Credigy subsidiary.

When compared to July 31, 2019, loans and acceptances grew $10.4 billion or 7%, while residential mortgages (including home equity lines of credit) were up
$6.9 billion or 9% due to sustained demand for mortgage credit and to business growth at the ABA Bank subsidiary. Also compared to a year ago, personal
loans were down 6%, a decrease related in part to the Credigy subsidiary following repayments and maturities of certain loan portfolios, and credit card
receivables were down $0.3 billion, whereas loans and acceptances to business and government grew $5.1 billion or 9% owing to Commercial Banking
activities, Financial Markets activities, and Credigy activities.
Impaired loans include loans classified in Stage 3 of the expected credit loss model and the purchased or originated credit-impaired (POCI) loans of the
Credigy subsidiary. As at July 31, 2020, gross impaired loans excluding POCI loans stood at $794 million compared to $684 million as at October 31, 2019.
Net impaired loans excluding POCI loans stood at $453 million as at July 31, 2020 compared to $450 million as at October 31, 2019, a $3 million increase
related mainly to increases in the net impaired loans of the personal loan portfolios as well as the portfolios of the Wealth Management segment, the Financial
Markets segment, and the ABA Bank subsidiary, tempered somewhat by a decrease in the net impaired loans of the commercial loan portfolios. Gross POCI
loans stood at $949 million as at July 31, 2020, whereas they had stood at $1,166 million as at October 31, 2019 as a result of repayments and maturities of
certain loan portfolios.

At $21.3 billion as at July 31, 2020, other assets increased by $6.7 billion or 46% since October 31, 2019. This increase stems mainly from an increase in
derivative financial instruments related to the activities of the Financial Markets segment.

Liabilities
As at July 31, 2020, the Bank had total liabilities of $307.0 billion compared to $266.3 billion as at October 31, 2019.

The Bank’s total deposit liability stood at $205.5 billion as at July 31, 2020, rising $15.9 billion from $189.6 billion as at October 31, 2019. At $66.2 billion as
at July 31, 2020, personal deposits increased $6.1 billion since October 31, 2019. This increase stems from Personal Banking activities, the Wealth
Management segment's brokerage accounts, and business growth at the ABA Bank subsidiary.

Business and government deposits totalled $134.7 billion as at July 31, 2020, rising $9.4 billion from October 31, 2019. This increase came from the funding
activities of the Financial Markets segment and of Treasury, including $4.5 billion in deposits subject to bank recapitalization (bail-in) conversion regulations,
from the Wealth Management segment's brokerage activities, as well as from Commercial Banking's activities.

At $4.6 billion as at July 31, 2020, deposits from deposit-taking institutions rose $0.4 billion since October 31, 2019.

As at July 31, 2020, other liabilities stood at $100.7 billion, a $24.7 billion or 33% increase since October 31, 2019 that was due to a $3.8 billion increase in
obligations related to securities sold short, a $14.0 billion increase in obligations related to securities sold under repurchase agreements and securities
loaned, as well as a $7.2 billion increase in derivative financial instruments.

Equity
As at July 31, 2020, equity attributable to the Bank’s shareholders was $15.5 billion, rising $0.7 billion from October 31, 2019. This increase came essentially
from net income net of dividends, from issuances of common shares under the Stock Option Plan, and from remeasurements of pension plans and other post-
employment benefit plans. These increases were partly offset by accumulated other comprehensive income, in particular losses on cash flow hedges. Lastly,
non-controlling interests were down $367 million, essentially due to the redemption of trust units issued by NBC Asset Trust for a gross amount of
$350 million.
The recommendations made by the Financial Stability Board’s Enhanced Disclosure Task Force (EDTF) seek to enhance the transparency and measurement of
certain exposures, in particular structured entities, subprime and Alt-A exposures, collateralized debt obligations, residential and commercial mortgage-
backed securities, and leveraged financing structures. The Bank does not market any specific mortgage financing program to subprime or Alt-A clients. The
Bank does not have any significant direct position in residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities that are not insured by the CMHC. Credit
derivative positions are presented in the Supplementary Regulatory Capital and Pillar 3 Disclosure report, which is available on the Bank’s website at nbc.ca.

Leveraged finance is commonly employed to achieve a specific objective, for example, to make an acquisition, complete a buy-out or repurchase shares.
Leveraged finance risk exposure takes the form of both funded and unfunded commitments. As at July 31, 2020, total commitments for this type of loan stood
at $3,629 million ($3,559 million as at October 31, 2019). Details about other exposures are provided in the table on structured entities in Note 27 to the
audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019.




The Bank’s policies and procedures regarding related party transactions have not significantly changed since October 31, 2019. For additional information,
see Note 28 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019.




In the normal course of business, the Bank is party to various financial arrangements that, under IFRS, are not required to be recorded on the Consolidated
Balance Sheet or are recorded at amounts other than their notional or contractual values. These arrangements include, among others, transactions with
structured entities, derivative financial instruments, issuances of guarantees, credit instruments, and financial assets received as collateral. A complete
analysis of these types of arrangements, including their nature, business purpose and importance, is provided on pages 48 and 49 of the 2019 Annual Report.

For additional information on guarantees, commitments and structured entities, see Notes 26 and 27 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements
for the year ended October 31, 2019. For additional information about financial assets transferred but not derecognized, see Note 8 to these consolidated
financial statements.




In April 2020, the Bank was reassessed by the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) for additional income tax and interest of approximately $240 million (including
estimated provincial tax and interest) in respect of certain Canadian dividends received by the Bank during 2015.

In prior fiscal years, the Bank was reassessed for additional income tax and interest of approximately $370 million (including provincial tax and interest) in
respect of certain Canadian dividends received by the Bank during the 2014, 2013 and 2012 taxation years.

The transactions to which the above-mentioned reassessments relate are similar to those prospectively addressed by income tax legislation enacted as a
result of the 2015 and 2018 Canadian federal budgets.

The CRA may issue reassessments to the Bank for taxation years subsequent to 2015 in regard to activities similar to those that were the subject of the above-
mentioned reassessments. The Bank remains confident that its tax position was appropriate and intends to vigorously defend its position. As a result, no
amount has been recognized in the consolidated financial statements as at July 31, 2020.
Maple Financial Group Inc.
The Bank has a 24.9% equity interest in Maple Financial Group Inc. (Maple), a privately owned Canadian company that operated through direct and indirect
wholly owned subsidiaries in Canada, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States.

Maple Bank GmbH (Maple GmbH), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Maple, has been the subject of an investigation into alleged tax irregularities by
German prosecutors since September 2015, and the investigation was focusing on selected trading activities by Maple GmbH and some of its former
employees, primarily during taxation years 2006 to 2010. The German authorities have alleged that these trading activities, often referred to as “cum/ex
trading,” violated German tax laws. Neither the Bank nor its employees were involved in these trading activities and, to the Bank’s knowledge, are not the
subject of this investigation. At that time, the Bank announced that if it were determined that portions of the dividends it received from Maple could be
reasonably attributed to tax fraud by Maple GmbH, arrangements would be made to repay those amounts to the relevant authority.

On February 6, 2016, the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority, BaFin, placed a moratorium on the business activities of Maple GmbH preventing it
from carrying out its normal business activities. In August 2016, Maple filed for bankruptcy under applicable Canadian laws, and a trustee was appointed to
administer the company. Similar proceedings were initiated for each of Maple’s other material subsidiaries in their home jurisdictions. In light of the situation,
the Bank wrote off the carrying value of its equity interest in Maple in an amount of $164 million ($145 million net of income taxes) during the first quarter of
2016. The $164 million write-off of the equity interest in this associate was recognized in the Non-interest income – Other item of the Consolidated Statement
of Income for the year ended October 31, 2016 and was reported in the Financial Markets segment.

While there has not yet been a determination of tax fraud on the part of Maple GmbH or its employees, in the insolvency proceedings of Maple GmbH the
German finance office issued a declaration about the result of the tax audit at Maple GmbH and about the relevant tax consequences of the cum/ex trading and
concluded a final tax claim of the tax authorities against the insolvency administrator. This claim was approved by the Maple GmbH creditor assembly.

The Bank has been in contact with the German prosecutors, who have confirmed that, in their view based upon the evidence they have considered since the
occurrence of the insolvency, the Bank was not involved in any respect with the alleged tax fraud undertaken by Maple GmbH nor was it negligent in failing to
identify that alleged fraud. Further to discussions between the Bank and the German prosecutors concerning the amounts deemed attributable to the alleged
tax fraud, the Bank paid 7.7 million euros to the German tax authorities on November 19, 2019. As at October 31, 2019, an $11 million provision was recorded
to reflect this adjusting event after the Consolidated Balance Sheet date.

In December 2019, the Bank, together with the other principal Maple shareholders, reached an agreement with the bankruptcy and insolvency administrator of
Maple GmbH to settle any potential claims that might be asserted against them by or on behalf of Maple GmbH. In connection with the settlement, the Bank
agreed to pay 8.7 million euros for the benefit of Maple GmbH’s creditors and, during the first quarter of 2020, recorded a $13 million charge in the Non-
interest expenses – Other item presented in the Other heading of segment results. During the third quarter of 2020, by virtue of the finalization of this
agreement, all material liabilities associated with the Bank’s ownership of Maple have been resolved.
Capital management has a dual role of ensuring a competitive return to the Bank’s shareholders while maintaining a solid capital foundation that covers risks
inherent to the Bank’s business, supports its business segments and protects its clients. The Bank’s capital management policy defines guiding principles as
well as the roles and responsibilities of its internal capital adequacy assessment process. This process aims to determine the capital that the Bank needs to
pursue its business activities and accommodate unexpected losses arising from extremely adverse economic and operational conditions. For additional
information on the capital management framework, see the Capital Management section on pages 50 to 57 of the Bank’s 2019 Annual Report.

Basel Accord
During the second quarter of 2020, OSFI adjusted regulatory ratio requirements in response to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. For additional
information, see the section entitled COVID-19 Pandemic – Key Measures Introduced by the Regulatory Authorities on pages 7 to 9 of this MD&A. The Bank and
all other major Canadian banks have to maintain minimum capital ratios established by OSFI: a CET1 capital ratio of at least 9.0%, a Tier 1 capital ratio of at
least 10.5%, and a Total capital ratio of at least 12.5%. All of these ratios are to include a capital conservation buffer of 2.5% established by the BCBS and
OSFI as well as a 1.0% surcharge applicable solely to D-SIBs and a 1.0% domestic stability buffer established by OSFI. The domestic stability buffer, which can
vary from 0% to 2.5% of risk-weighted assets, consists exclusively of CET1 capital. A D-SIB that fails to meet this buffer requirement will not be subject to
automatic constraints to reduce capital distributions but will have to provide a remediation plan to OSFI. The banks also have to meet the capital floor that sets
the regulatory capital level according to the Basel II standardized approach. If the capital requirement under Basel III is less than 70% of the capital
requirement as calculated under Basel II, the difference is added to risk-weighted assets. OSFI requires Canadian banks to meet a Basel III leverage ratio of at
least 3.0%. The leverage ratio is a measure independent of risk that is calculated by dividing the amount of Tier 1 capital by total exposure. Total exposure is
defined as the sum of on-balance-sheet assets (including derivative exposures and securities financing transaction exposures) and off-balance-sheet items.
The assets deducted from Tier 1 capital are also deducted from total exposure.

In addition to those measures, OSFI is requiring that regulatory capital instruments other than common equity have a non-viability contingent capital (NVCC)
clause to ensure that investors bear losses before taxpayers should the government determine that it is in the public interest to rescue a non-viable financial
institution. Instruments issued before January 1, 2013 that would be Basel III compliant if not for the absence of the NVCC clause are grandfathered and will be
phased out over a period of ten years. The Bank expects to phase out all of its remaining non-NVCC instruments without resorting to any regulatory event
redemption clause.

OSFI’s Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (TLAC) guideline, which applies to all D-SIBs under the federal government’s bail-in regulations, came into effect on
September 23, 2018. The purpose of the TLAC guideline is to ensure that a D-SIB has sufficient loss-absorbing capacity to support its recapitalization in the
unlikely event it becomes non-viable. OSFI is requiring D-SIBs to maintain a minimum risk-based TLAC ratio of 22.50% (including the domestic stability buffer)
of risk-weighted assets and a minimum TLAC leverage ratio of 6.75% by November 1, 2021. During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2019, the Bank started to
issue qualifying bail-in debt and expects its TLAC ratios to improve through the normal refinancing of its maturing unsecured term debt. The Bank does not
anticipate any challenges in meeting these TLAC requirements.

Requirements – Regulatory Ratios Under Basel III

                                                                                                                                                                           As at July 31, 2020
                                                             Capital               Minimum                                       Minimum                 Domestic             Minimum set by
                                                        conservation                  set by                 D-SIB                  set by                stability          OSFI(1), including
                                     Minimum                  buffer                  BCBS               surcharge                  OSFI(1)                buffer(2)                 the buffer

Capital ratios
 CET1                                      4.5 %                 2.5 %                 7.0 %                   1.0 %                  8.0 %                   1.0 %                   9.0 %
 Tier 1                                    6.0 %                 2.5 %                 8.5 %                   1.0 %                  9.5 %                   1.0 %                  10.5 %
 Total                                     8.0 %                 2.5 %                10.5 %                   1.0 %                 11.5 %                   1.0 %                  12.5 %
Leverage ratio                             3.0 %                  n.a.                  n.a.                   n.a.                   3.0 %                    n.a.                   3.0 %

n.a.   Not applicable
(1)    The capital ratios include the capital conservation buffer and the D-SIB surcharge.
(2)    On March 13, 2020, OSFI lowered the buffer level to 1.0%, effective immediately. On June 23, 2020, OSFI confirmed that the buffer would be maintained at 1.0% until December 2020.


The Bank ensures that its capital levels are always above the minimum regulatory requirements. By maintaining a strong capital structure, the Bank can cover
the risks inherent to its business activities, support its business segments, and protect its clients.

Other disclosure requirements pursuant to Pillar 3 of the Basel Accord and a set of recommendations defined by the EDTF are presented in the Supplementary
Regulatory Capital and Pillar 3 Disclosure report published quarterly and available on the Bank’s website at nbc.ca. Also available on the Bank’s website is a
complete list of capital instruments and their main features.
Regulatory Developments
The Bank closely monitors regulatory developments and participates actively in various consultative processes. During the second quarter of 2020, in
response to the impact of COVID-19, OSFI announced a series of regulatory adjustments to support the financial and operational resilience of banks. For
additional information, see the section entitled COVID-19 Pandemic – Key Measures Introduced by the Regulatory Authorities on pages 7 to 9 of this MD&A. For
additional information on the regulatory context on October 31, 2019, see page 53 of the Capital Management section in the 2019 Annual Report. In addition,
since November 1, 2019, the below-described regulatory developments should also be considered.

On November 14, 2019, the BCBS issued a consultative document entitled Revisions to Market Risk Disclosure Requirements. This document sets out
adjustments to the Pillar 3 templates for the revised market risk framework, i.e., adjustments made to reflect the changes made to the final version of
Revisions to the Minimum Capital Requirements for Market Risk published in January 2019.

On November 14, 2019, the BCBS issued Voluntary Disclosure of Sovereign Exposures, a consultative document seeking views on three potential disclosure
templates. The document would require banks to disclose their sovereign exposures and risk-weighed assets according to jurisdiction, currency, and
accounting classification. Implementation is mandatory for banks only when so required by the national authority in its territory.

On November 28, 2019, the BCBS issued a consultative document entitled Credit Valuation Adjustment Risk: Targeted Final Revisions. This document proposes
a set of targeted adjustments to the CVA risk framework issued in December 2017. The adjustments are designed to align the revised CVA risk framework with
the standards set out in Minimum Capital Requirements for Market Risk and in Capital Requirements for Bank Exposures to Central Counterparties. On July 8,
2020, the BCBS issued the final version of the document entitled Targeted Revisions to the Credit Valuation Adjustment Risk Framework. This document
reflects feedback received from the consultation in December 2019.

Management Activities
On June 10, 2019, the Bank began a normal course issuer bid to repurchase for cancellation up to 6,000,000 common shares over the 12-month period ending
no later than June 9, 2020. During the year ended October 31, 2019, the Bank had repurchased 2,200,000 common shares under this program. During the
nine-month period ended July 31, 2020, the Bank repurchased 525,000 common shares for $30 million, which reduced Common share capital by $5 million
and Retained earnings by $25 million. These repurchases were carried out before March 13, 2020, which was the date on which OSFI lowered the domestic
stability buffer and indicated that it was expecting all banks to cease any dividend increases or share buybacks. On June 30, 2020, NBC Asset Trust (the Trust),
a closed-end trust established by the Bank, redeemed all of the outstanding 350,000 Trust units – Series 2 (NBC CapS II – Series 2) at a per-unit price of
$1,000 for gross proceeds of $350 million. On July 17, 2020, the Trust was dissolved.

Shares and Stock Options
                                                                                                                                             As at July 31, 2020
                                                                                                                   Number of shares                    $ million

First preferred shares
 Series 30                                                                                                            14,000,000                          350
 Series 32                                                                                                            12,000,000                          300
 Series 34                                                                                                            16,000,000                          400
 Series 36                                                                                                            16,000,000                          400
 Series 38                                                                                                            16,000,000                          400
 Series 40                                                                                                            12,000,000                          300
 Series 42                                                                                                            12,000,000                          300
                                                                                                                      98,000,000                        2,450
Common shares                                                                                                        335,665,995                        3,040
Stock options                                                                                                         11,779,220

As at August 21, 2020, there were 335,690,948 common shares and 11,748,670 stock options outstanding. NVCC provisions require the conversion of capital
instruments into a variable number of common shares should OSFI deem a bank to be non-viable or should the government publicly announce that a bank has
accepted or agreed to accept an injection of capital. If an NVCC trigger event were to occur, all of the Bank’s preferred shares and medium-term notes maturing
on February 1, 2028, which are NVCC capital instruments, would be converted into common shares of the Bank according to an automatic conversion formula
at a conversion price corresponding to the greater of the following amounts: (i) a $5.00 contractual floor price; or (ii) the market price of the Bank’s common
shares on the date of the trigger event (10-day weighted average price). Based on a $5.00 floor price and including an estimate for accrued dividends and
interest, these NVCC capital instruments would be converted into a maximum of 724 million Bank common shares, which would have a 68.3% dilutive effect
based on the number of Bank common shares outstanding as at July 31, 2020.
Movement in Regulatory Capital
                                                                                                                                                                     Nine months ended
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                             July 31, 2020

Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital
Balance at beginning                                                                                                                                                              9,692
 Issuance of common shares (including Stock Option Plan)                                                                                                                             85
 Impact of shares purchased or sold for trading                                                                                                                                       −
 Repurchase of common shares                                                                                                                                                        (30)
 Other contributed surplus                                                                                                                                                            7
 Dividends on preferred and common shares                                                                                                                                          (802)
 Net income attributable to the Bank’s shareholders                                                                                                                               1,551
 Removal of own credit spread (net of income taxes)                                                                                                                                  17
 Other                                                                                                                                                                              114
 Movements in accumulated other comprehensive income
  Translation adjustments                                                                                                                                                            29
  Debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                                                                                   81
  Other                                                                                                                                                                               2
 Change in goodwill and intangible assets (net of related tax liability)                                                                                                             (99)
 Other, including regulatory adjustments and transitional arrangements
  Change in defined benefit pension plan asset (net of related tax liability)                                                                                                         (7)
  Change in amount exceeding 15% threshold
    Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                                              −
   Significant investment in common shares of financial institutions                                                                                                                 −
  Deferred tax assets, unless they result from temporary differences (net of related tax liability)                                                                                (32)
  Other deductions or regulatory adjustments to CET1 implemented by OSFI(1)                                                                                                        232
  Change in other regulatory adjustments(2)                                                                                                                                          −
Balance at end                                                                                                                                                                  10,840

Additional Tier 1 capital
Balance at beginning                                                                                                                                                              2,800
 New Tier 1 eligible capital issuances                                                                                                                                                −
 Redeemed capital                                                                                                                                                                  (350)
 Change in non-qualifying Additional Tier 1 subject to phase-out                                                                                                                      −
 Other, including regulatory adjustments and transitional arrangements                                                                                                                −
Balance at end                                                                                                                                                                    2,450

Total Tier 1 capital                                                                                                                                                            13,290

Tier 2 capital
Balance at beginning                                                                                                                                                                874
 New Tier 2 eligible capital issuances                                                                                                                                                −
 Redeemed capital                                                                                                                                                                     −
 Change in non-qualifying Tier 2 subject to phase-out                                                                                                                                 −
 Tier 2 instruments issued by subsidiaries and held by third parties                                                                                                                  −
 Change in certain allowances for credit losses                                                                                                                                     124
 Other, including regulatory adjustments and transitional arrangements                                                                                                               48
Balance at end                                                                                                                                                                    1,046

Total regulatory capital                                                                                                                                                        14,336

(1)   This item includes the transitional measure applicable to expected credit loss provisioning implemented during the second quarter of 2020. For additional information, see the section
      entitled COVID-19 Pandemic – Key Measures Introduced by the Regulatory Authorities on pages 7 to 9 of this MD&A.
(2)   This item includes the change in investments in the Bank’s CET1 capital.
Risk-Weighted Assets by Key Risk Drivers
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) amounted to $94.8 billion as at July 31, 2020 compared to $83.0 billion as at October 31, 2019, an $11.8 billion increase
resulting mainly from organic growth in RWA, from foreign exchange movements, and from changes to the calculation method resulting from regulatory
changes. For credit risk, these changes include the expiry of transitional arrangements for specific wrong-way risk and for the revised securitization framework
as well as the adoption of IFRS 16. For market risk, transitional measures were implemented to respond to the volatility caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The
changes in the Bank’s risk-weighted assets by risk type are presented in the following table.

Risk-Weighted Assets Movements by Key Drivers

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                Quarter ended
                                                                                                        July 31, 2020   April 30, 2020   January 31, 2020   October 31, 2019
                                                               Non-counterparty         Counterparty
                                                                     credit risk          credit risk           Total            Total              Total              Total

Credit risk – Risk-weighted assets at beginning                          69,346              7,311          76,657           70,145              67,254             65,693
 Book size                                                                1,290                653           1,943            5,324               1,650              1,979
 Book quality                                                               156                  1             157               50                 (77)                11
 Model updates                                                                −                  −               −              112                 (17)               (46)
 Methodology and policy                                                       −                  −               −                −               1,246               (362)
 Acquisitions and disposals                                                   −                  −               −                −                   −                  −
 Foreign exchange movements                                                (700)              (113)           (813)           1,026                  89                (21)
Credit risk – Risk-weighted assets at end                                70,092              7,852          77,944           76,657              70,145             67,254

Market risk – Risk-weighted assets at beginning                                                               4,121            4,397              4,276              3,972
 Movement in risk levels(1)                                                                                     385            1,441                121                304
 Model updates                                                                                                  218                −                  −                  −
 Methodology and policy                                                                                           −           (1,717)                 −                  −
 Acquisitions and disposals                                                                                       −                −                  −                  −
Market risk – Risk-weighted assets at end                                                                     4,724            4,121              4,397              4,276

Operational risk – Risk-weighted assets at beginning                                                        11,977           11,664              11,509             11,319
 Movement in risk levels                                                                                       169              313                 155                190
 Acquisitions and disposals                                                                                      −                −                   −                  −
Operational risk – Risk-weighted assets at end                                                              12,146           11,977              11,664             11,509

Risk-weighted assets at end                                                                                 94,814           92,755              86,206             83,039

(1)   Also includes foreign exchange rate movements that are not considered material.


The table above provides the risk-weighted assets movements by the key drivers underlying the different risk categories.

The Book size item reflects organic changes in book size and composition (including new loans and maturing loans). RWA movements attributable to book size
include increases or decreases in exposures, measured by exposure at default, assuming a stable risk profile.

The Book quality item is the Bank’s best estimate of changes in book quality related to experience, such as underlying customer behaviour or demographics,
including changes resulting from model recalibrations or realignments and also including risk mitigation factors.

The Model updates item is used to reflect implementations of new models, changes in model scope, and any other change applied to address model
malfunctions. During the quarter ended July 31, 2020, the Bank changed its SVaR period to encompass the COVID-19 crisis.

The Methodology and policy item presents the impact of changes in calculation methods resulting from changes in regulatory policies as a result, for example,
of new regulations. During the quarter ended January 31, 2020, the transitional arrangements for specific wrong-way risk and for the revised securitization
framework expired. On November 1, 2019, the Bank had also adopted IFRS 16 and recognized right-of-use assets. During the quarter ended April 30, 2020,
OSFI introduced provisional measures for market risk in response to the volatility caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. These measures are still in effect.
Regulatory Capital Ratios
As at July 31, 2020, the Bank’s CET1, Tier 1, and Total capital ratios were, respectively, 11.4%, 14.0% and 15.1%, i.e., above the regulatory requirements,
compared to ratios of, respectively, 11.7%, 15.0% and 16.1% as at October 31, 2019. The decrease in the CET1 capital ratio since October 31, 2019 was
essentially due to growth in risk-weighted assets. Also contributing to this decrease was the expiry of transitional arrangements for specific wrong-way risk
and for the revised securitization framework as well as the adoption of IFRS 16. However, this decrease in the CET1 capital ratio was partly offset by net income
net of dividends, the transitional measures applicable to ECL provisioning, common share issuances under the Stock Option Plan, and remeasurements of
pension plans and other post-employment benefit plans. The decreases in the Tier 1 capital ratio and the Total capital ratio were essentially due to the same
factors as well as to a redemption of trust units issued by NBC Asset Trust. As at July 31, 2020, the leverage ratio was 4.3%, an increase from 4.0% as at
October 31, 2019. The increase in the leverage ratio is explained by the growth in Tier 1 capital, due to the same factors as described above, and by modest
growth in total exposure, mainly from temporary measures announced by OSFI with respect to the exclusion of exposures from central bank reserves and
sovereign-issued securities that qualify as HQLA securities under the Liquidity Adequacy Requirements guideline.

Regulatory Capital and Ratios Under Basel III

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                         As at July 31, 2020              As at July 31, 2020         As at October 31, 2019
                                                                                                                Adjusted(1)
Capital
 CET1                                                                                                             10,608                           10,840                            9,692
 Tier 1                                                                                                           13,058                           13,290                           12,492
 Total                                                                                                            14,336                           14,336                           13,366
Risk-weighted assets                                                                                              94,814                           94,814                           83,039
Total exposure                                                                                                  309,001                          309,001                          308,902
Capital ratios
 CET1                                                                                                                11.2     %                       11.4    %                        11.7 %
 Tier 1                                                                                                              13.8     %                       14.0    %                        15.0 %
 Total                                                                                                               15.1     %                       15.1    %                        16.1 %
Leverage ratio                                                                                                        4.2     %                        4.3    %                         4.0 %

(1)    The Basel III regulatory capital and ratios adjusted as at July 31, 2020 do not include the transitional measure applicable to expected credit loss provisioning. For additional information,
       see the section entitled COVID-19 Pandemic – Key Measures Introduced by the Regulatory Authorities on pages 7 to 9 of this MD&A.

Dividends
On August 25, 2020, the Board of Directors declared regular dividends on the various series of first preferred shares and a dividend of 71 cents per common
share, payable on November 1, 2020 to shareholders of record on September 28, 2020.




Risk-taking is intrinsic to a financial institution’s business. The Bank views risk as an integral part of its development and the diversification of its activities. It
advocates a risk management approach consistent with its business strategy. The Bank voluntarily exposes itself to certain risk categories, particularly credit
and market risk, in order to generate revenue. It assumes certain risks that are inherent to its activities—to which it does not choose to expose itself—and that
do not generate revenue, i.e., mainly operational risks.

COVID-19 has affected the general economic environment and financial market conditions in Canada, the United States, and certain other countries where the
Bank conducts business. COVID-19 has also put certain risks into perspective. Despite the exceptional nature of this situation, risks are rigorously managed.
Consequently, decision-making is supported by risk assessments and management processes that are consistent with the Bank’s risk appetite and by prudent
levels of capital and liquidity. The purpose of sound and effective risk management is to provide reasonable assurance that incurred risks do not exceed
acceptable thresholds, to control the volatility in the Bank's results, and to ensure that risk-taking contributes to the creation of shareholder value. The Bank’s
governance structure for risk management has remained largely unchanged from that described in the 2019 Annual Report. In addition, during the quarters
ended July 31, 2020 and April 30, 2020, the Bank accelerated and increased the frequency of certain risk management activities.

Despite the exercise of stringent risk management and the mitigation measures in place, risk cannot be suppressed entirely, and residual risks may
occasionally cause significant losses. Certain risks are discussed hereafter. For additional information, refer to the section entitled COVID-19 Pandemic – Risk
Factors on pages 4 and 5 of this MD&A and to the Risk Management section on pages 58 to 94 of the 2019 Annual Report. Risk management information is
also provided in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, which covers loans.
Credit risk is the risk of incurring a financial loss if an obligor does not fully honour its contractual commitments to the Bank. Obligors may be debtors, issuers,
counterparties or guarantors. Credit risk is the most significant risk facing the Bank in the normal course of business. COVID-19 has had an adverse impact on
local and global economies, creating a difficult environment for obligors. It has produced an exceptional environment characterized by major disruptions
throughout the market as a whole, including business closures, temporary layoffs, and declining oil prices. However, government measures have been
implemented to help individuals and businesses affected by COVID-19.

The amounts shown in the following table represent the Bank’s maximum exposure to credit risk as at the financial reporting date without taking into account
any collateral held or any other credit enhancements. These amounts do not take into account allowances for credit losses nor amounts pledged as collateral.
The table also excludes equity securities.

Maximum Credit Risk Exposure Under the Basel Asset Categories
                                                                                                                                                      As at July 31,   As at October 31,
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                2020                2019
                                                                                                              Derivative             Other
                                                                     Undrawn            Repo-style              financial     off-balance-
                                                        Drawn     commitments       transactions(1)         instruments      sheet items(2)                    Total                Total

Retail
 Residential mortgages                               54,508              9,498                  −                     −                 −                  64,006               59,140
 Qualifying revolving retail                          2,477              6,254                  −                     −                 −                   8,731                5,586
 Other retail                                        13,622              2,257                  −                     −                20                  15,899               16,189
                                                     70,607             18,009                  −                     −                20                  88,636               80,915
Non-retail
 Corporate                                           62,762             23,858           25,282                      3              4,635                 116,540             102,157
 Sovereign                                           56,197              4,827           61,400                    145                101                 122,670              82,419
 Financial institutions                               3,579                419           75,730                  1,370                539                  81,637             105,643
                                                    122,538             29,104          162,412                  1,518              5,275                 320,847             290,219
Trading portfolio                                         −                  −                −                 14,136                  −                  14,136              12,015
Securitization                                        2,335                  −                −                      −              3,133                   5,468               4,764
Total – Gross credit risk                           195,480             47,113          162,412                 15,654              8,428                 429,087             387,913

Standardized Approach                                19,555                341           10,486                  1,481                250                  32,113              48,408
AIRB Approach                                       175,925             46,772          151,926                 14,173              8,178                 396,974             339,505
Total – Gross credit risk                           195,480             47,113          162,412                 15,654              8,428                 429,087             387,913

(1)   Securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and sold under repurchase agreements as well as securities loaned and borrowed.
(2)   Letters of guarantee, documentary letters of credit and securitized assets that represent the Bank’s commitment to make payments in the event that a client cannot meet its financial
      obligations to third parties.


To meet OSFI’s mortgage loan disclosure requirements, additional information has been provided in Supplementary Financial Information –
Third Quarter 2020 and in Supplementary Regulatory Capital and Pillar 3 Disclosure – Third Quarter 2020, which are available on the Bank’s website at nbc.ca.
Market risk is the risk of losses arising from movements in market prices. The Bank is exposed to market risk through its participation in trading, investment
and asset/liability management activities. Given the impact of COVID-19 on local and global economies, the Bank is operating in a challenging and volatile
environment. It is an exceptional situation that has led to major disruptions throughout the market as a whole, including low interest rates, stock market
downturns, and declines in oil prices.

The following tables provide a breakdown of the Bank’s Consolidated Balance Sheet into financial assets and liabilities by those that carry market risk and
those that do not carry market risk, distinguishing between trading positions whose main risk measures are Value-at-Risk (VaR) and stressed VaR (SVaR) and
non-trading positions that use other risk measures.

Reconciliation of Market Risk With Consolidated Balance Sheet Items
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                                    As at July 31, 2020
                                                                                                           Market risk measures
                                                                                   Balance                                              Not subject to                               Non-traded risk
                                                                                     sheet            Trading(1)    Non-Trading(2)        market risk                         primary risk sensitivity

Assets
 Cash and deposits with financial institutions                                    29,078                  597             16,344              12,137                                  Interest rate(3)
 Securities
  At fair value through profit or loss                                            72,820              69,311               3,509                     −                   Interest rate(3) and equity
  At fair value through other comprehensive income                                13,717                   −              13,717                     −                 Interest rate(3) and equity(4)
  At amortized cost                                                               11,075                   −              11,075                     −                               Interest rate(3)
 Securities purchased under reverse repurchase
  agreements and securities borrowed                                              12,711                   −             12,711                    −                              Interest rate(3)(5)
 Loans and acceptances, net of allowances                                        161,753               7,085            154,668                    −                                Interest rate(3)
 Derivative financial instruments                                                 13,467              12,950                517                    −              Interest rate and exchange rate
 Defined benefit asset                                                                30                   −                 30                    −                                         Other
 Other                                                                             7,802                   −                  −                7,802
                                                                                 322,453              89,943            212,571               19,939

Liabilities
 Deposits                                                                        205,478               9,622            195,856                      −                                Interest rate(3)
 Acceptances                                                                       6,737                   −              6,737                      −                                Interest rate(3)
 Obligations related to securities sold short                                     16,608              16,608                  −                      −
 Obligations related to securities sold under repurchase
   agreements and securities loaned                                               35,879                   −             35,879                    −                              Interest rate(3)(5)
 Derivative financial instruments                                                 14,146              13,418                728                    −              Interest rate and exchange rate
 Liabilities related to transferred receivables                                   21,660               5,093             16,567                    −                                Interest rate(3)
 Defined benefit liability                                                           205                   −                205                    −                                         Other
 Other                                                                             5,462                   −                 64                5,398                                Interest rate(3)
 Subordinated debt                                                                   777                   −                777                    −                                Interest rate(3)
                                                                                 306,952              44,741            256,813                5,398

(1)   Trading positions whose risk measures are VaR and SVaR. For additional information, see the tables that show the VaR and SVaR distributions of the trading portfolios by risk category as
      well as their correlation effect, which are presented on the following pages and in the Market Risk section of the 2019 Annual Report.
(2)   Non-trading positions that use other risk measures.
(3)   For additional information, see the tables that show the VaR and SVaR distributions of the trading portfolios by risk category and their correlation effect as well as the interest rate sensitivity
      tables, which are presented on the following pages and in the Market Risk section of the 2019 Annual Report.
(4)   The fair value of equity securities designated at fair value through other comprehensive income is presented in Notes 4 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
(5)   These instruments are recorded at amortized cost and are subject to credit risk for capital management purposes. For trading-related transactions with maturities of more than one day,
      interest rate risk is included in the VaR and SVaR measures.
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                               As at October 31, 2019
                                                                                                           Market risk measures
                                                                                    Balance                                             Not subject to                      Non-traded risk primary
                                                                                      sheet           Trading(1)    Non-Trading(2)        market risk                               risk sensitivity

Assets
 Cash and deposits with financial institutions                                      13,698                579             12,609                  510                                  Interest rate(3)
 Securities
  At fair value through profit or loss                                              61,823            58,170               3,653                     −                 Interest rate(3) and equity(4)
  At fair value through other comprehensive income                                  10,648                 −              10,648                     −                 Interest rate(3) and equity(5)
  Amortized cost                                                                     9,755                 −               9,755                     −                               Interest rate(3)
 Securities purchased under reverse repurchase
  agreements and securities borrowed                                              17,723                   −             17,723                    −                               Interest rate(3)(6)
 Loans and acceptances, net of allowances                                        153,251               6,060            147,191                    −                                 Interest rate(3)
 Derivative financial instruments                                                  8,129               7,134                995                    −          Interest rate(7) and exchange rate(7)
 Defined benefit asset                                                                38                   −                 38                    −                                        Other(8)
 Other                                                                             6,393                   −                  −                6,393
                                                                                 281,458              71,943            202,612                6,903

Liabilities
 Deposits                                                                        189,566               9,869            179,697                      −                                 Interest rate(3)
 Acceptances                                                                       6,893                   −              6,893                      −                                 Interest rate(3)
 Obligations related to securities sold short                                     12,849              12,849                  −                      −
 Obligations related to securities sold under repurchase
   agreements and securities loaned                                               21,900                   −             21,900                    −                               Interest rate(3)(6)
 Derivative financial instruments                                                  6,852               6,123                729                    −          Interest rate(7) and exchange rate(7)
 Liabilities related to transferred receivables                                   21,312               5,165             16,147                    −                                 Interest rate(3)
 Defined benefit liability                                                           374                   −                374                    −                                        Other(8)
 Other                                                                             5,803                  24                911                4,868                                 Interest rate(3)
 Subordinated debt                                                                   773                   −                773                    −                                 Interest rate(3)
                                                                                 266,322              34,030            227,424                4,868

(1)   Trading positions whose risk measures are VaR and SVaR. For additional information, see the tables that show the VaR and SVaR distributions of the trading portfolios by risk category as
      well as their correlation effect, which are presented on the following pages and in the Market Risk section of the 2019 Annual Report.
(2)   Non-trading positions that use other risk measures.
(3)   For additional information, see the tables that show the VaR and SVaR distributions of the trading portfolios by risk category and their correlation effect as well as the interest rate sensitivity
      tables, which are presented below and on the following page as well as in the Market Risk section of the 2019 Annual Report.
(4)   For additional information, see Note 6 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2019.
(5)   The fair value of equity securities designated at fair value through other comprehensive income is presented in Notes 4 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
(6)   These instruments are recorded at amortized cost and are subject to credit risk for capital management purposes. For trading-related transactions with maturities of more than one day,
      interest rate risk is included in the VaR and SVaR measures.
(7)   For additional information, see Notes 16 and 17 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019.
(8)   For additional information, see Note 23 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019.


Trading Activities
The first table below shows the VaR of trading portfolios by risk category as well as their correlation effect. The second table on the next page shows the SVaR,
i.e., the VaR of the Bank’s current portfolios obtained following the calibration of risk factors over a 12-month stress period.

VaR of Trading Portfolios by Risk Category(1)

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                 Quarter ended                     Nine months ended
                                                                                July 31, 2020                  April 30, 2020                 July 31, 2019         July 31, 2020       July 31, 2019
                                               Low           High        Average Period end             Average Period end             Average Period end                 Average             Average

Interest rate                                 (6.4)        (11.1)           (8.8)          (9.5)           (8.9)          (9.1)           (5.5)           (4.7)               (7.5)              (5.4)
Exchange rate                                 (0.7)         (1.7)           (1.0)          (1.3)           (1.0)          (0.9)           (0.7)           (0.6)               (0.9)              (0.8)
Equity                                        (8.5)        (17.5)          (12.7)         (13.3)           (8.3)         (16.0)           (3.5)           (3.4)               (8.1)              (4.0)
Commodity                                     (0.6)         (2.1)           (0.9)          (0.7)           (1.1)          (0.9)           (0.9)           (1.0)               (1.1)              (1.0)
Correlation effect(2)                         n.m.           n.m.            9.2            7.6             9.8            8.1             4.5             4.0                 7.9                5.1
Total trading VaR                             (8.7)        (19.6)          (14.2)         (17.2)           (9.5)         (18.8)           (6.1)           (5.7)               (9.7)              (6.1)

n.m. Computation of a correlation effect for the high and low is not meaningful, as highs and lows may occur on different days and be attributable to different types of risk.
(1)  Amounts are presented on a pre-tax basis and represent one-day VaR using a 99% confidence level.
(2)  The total trading VaR is less than the sum of the individual risk factor VaR results due to the correlation effect.
SVaR of Trading Portfolios by Risk Category(1)

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                               Quarter ended                       Nine months ended
                                                                               July 31, 2020                  April 30, 2020                July 31, 2019         July 31, 2020       July 31, 2019
                                             Low           High        Average    Period end           Average Period end            Average Period end                 Average             Average

Interest rate                              (8.9)          (18.4)         (12.7)          (10.0)         (16.8)          (14.6)         (16.8)         (19.4)             (14.8)             (15.6)
Exchange rate                              (0.6)           (2.3)          (1.0)           (1.3)          (2.0)           (1.6)          (1.5)          (1.0)               (1.5)             (1.3)
Equity                                     (9.3)          (23.0)         (15.7)          (19.4)         (17.4)          (20.9)          (6.3)          (7.0)             (13.9)              (6.9)
Commodity                                  (0.5)           (1.5)          (0.8)           (0.5)          (1.9)           (1.8)          (2.1)          (2.2)               (1.6)             (2.1)
Correlation effect(2)                       n.m.            n.m.          11.2            11.6           19.5            14.8           14.1           16.8               13.8               13.6
Total trading SVaR                        (10.7)          (27.2)         (19.0)          (19.6)         (18.6)          (24.1)         (12.6)         (12.8)             (18.0)             (12.3)

n.m. Computation of a correlation effect for the high and low is not meaningful, as highs and lows may occur on different days and be attributable to different types of risk.
(1)  Amounts are presented on a pre-tax basis and represent one-day SVaR using a 99% confidence level.
(2)  The total trading SVaR is less than the sum of the individual risk factor SVaR results due to the correlation effect.


The average total trading VaR increased from $9.5 million to $14.2 million between the second quarter of 2020 and the third quarter of 2020. Starting halfway
through the second quarter, new tail scenarios were added to the two-year VaR history window due to increased market volatility related to the COVID-19
crisis. These tail scenarios now affect the entire quarter, creating a higher average total trading VaR. While the Bank changed the SVaR simulation period to
encompass the COVID-19 crisis, the average total trading SVaR remained stable during the third quarter of 2020 compared to the second quarter of 2020.

Daily Trading and Underwriting Revenues
The following table shows daily trading and underwriting revenues as well as VaR. During the quarter ended July 31, 2020, daily trading and underwriting
revenues were positive 86% of the days. Seven trading days were marked by daily trading and underwriting net losses of more than $1 million. None of the
losses exceeded the VaR.

Quarter Ended July 31, 2020
(millions of Canadian dollars)


     32
     30
     28
     26
     24
     22
     20
     18
     16
     14
     12
     10
      8
      6
      4
      2
      0
     (2)
     (4)
     (6)
     (8)
    (10)
    (12)
    (14)
    (16)
    (18)
    (20)
    (22)
    (24)
    (26)
                                  May 2020                                                      June 2020                                                   July 2020



                 Trading and underwriting revenues
                 VaR (CAN)
Interest Rate Sensitivity – Non-Trading Activities (Before Tax)
The following tables present the potential before-tax impact of an immediate and sustained 100-basis-point increase or of an immediate and sustained
25-basis-point decrease in interest rates on the economic value of equity and on the net interest income of the Bank’s non-trading portfolios for the next
12 months, assuming no further hedging is undertaken. In the current environment of very low interest rates, we believe that a sensitivity analysis reflecting an
immediate and sustained 25-basis-point decrease in interest rates provides more relevant information.

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                  As at July 31, 2020                        As at October 31, 2019
                                                                        Canadian            Other                      Canadian            Other
                                                                           dollar      currencies              Total      dollar      currencies             Total
Impact on equity
100-basis-point increase in the interest rate                              (208)              12              (196)       (178)             40              (138)
25-basis-point decrease in the interest rate                                 36               (3)               33          54              (1)               53
Impact on net interest income
100-basis-point increase in the interest rate                               (22)              14                (8)        (26)             42                16
25-basis-point decrease in the interest rate                                  2               (4)               (2)         19              (2)               17




Liquidity and funding risk are the risks that the Bank will be unable to honour daily cash and financial obligations without resorting to costly and untimely
measures. Liquidity and funding risk arises when sources of funds become insufficient to meet scheduled payments under the Bank’s commitments.

Liquidity risk stems from mismatched cash flows related to assets and liabilities as well as from the characteristics of certain products such as credit
commitments and non-fixed-term deposits.

Funding risk is defined as the risk to the Bank’s ongoing ability to raise sufficient funds to finance actual or proposed business activities on an unsecured or
secured basis at an acceptable price. The funding management priority is to achieve an optimal balance between deposits, securitization, secured funding and
unsecured funding. This brings optimal stability to the funding and reduces vulnerability to unpredictable events.

COVID-19 has affected overall economic and market conditions. The Bank is facing a challenging and volatile environment, but its sound liquidity and funding
management is helping it to maintain an optimal balance between its sources of cash and anticipated payments.

Regulatory Developments
On March 27, 2020, OSFI took exceptional measures in response to the operational issues caused by the spread of COVID-19. OSFI expects banks to use the
unencumbered HQLA assets they hold within the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) as a defense against both a potential liquidity crisis and an actual liquidity
crisis. OSFI is also providing guidance on how to treat the new government facilities when calculating regulatory liquidity ratios. In addition, the Bank of
Canada has taken more elaborate measures to ensure that the financial system continues to play its role by granting credit to those who need it. For additional
information, see the section entitled COVID-19 Pandemic – Key Measures Introduced by the Regulatory Authorities on pages 7 to 9 of this MD&A.

On April 9, 2020, OSFI issued a news release announcing regulatory flexibility measures to support COVID-19 efforts. The news release mentions that
implementations of changes to specific regulatory returns would be delayed to help limit the impact on institutions while ensuring that important data will
continue to be collected.

The Bank continues to closely monitor regulatory developments and participates actively in various consultative processes. For additional information on the
regulatory context as at October 31, 2019, see page 82 of the Risk Management section in the 2019 Annual Report.

Liquidity Management
Liquid Assets
To protect depositors and creditors from unexpected crisis situations, the Bank holds a portfolio of unencumbered liquid assets that can be readily liquidated
to meet financial obligations. The majority of unencumbered liquid assets are held in Canadian dollars. Moreover, all assets that can be quickly monetized are
considered liquid assets. The following tables provide information on the Bank’s encumbered and unencumbered assets.
Liquid Asset Portfolio
                                                                                                                                                            As at July 31,   As at October 31,
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                      2020                 2019
                                                                                Bank-owned        Liquid assets              Total       Encumbered       Unencumbered         Unencumbered
                                                                              liquid assets(1)       received(2)     liquid assets     liquid assets(3)     liquid assets        liquid assets

Cash and deposits with financial institutions                                       29,078                    −           29,078               5,573             23,505                9,596
Securities
 Issued or guaranteed by the Canadian government, U.S.
   Treasury, other U.S. agencies and other foreign governments                      33,713             17,679             51,392             30,204              21,188              23,455
 Issued or guaranteed by Canadian provincial and
   municipal governments                                                            16,556              8,047             24,603             17,857               6,746               6,145
 Other debt securities                                                               6,124              2,180              8,304              2,506               5,798               5,581
 Equity securities                                                                  41,219             32,250             73,469             46,319              27,150              26,968
Loans
 Securities backed by insured residential mortgages                                  8,900                  −             8,900              4,971                3,929                2,926
As at July 31, 2020                                                                135,590             60,156           195,746            107,430               88,316
As at October 31, 2019                                                             103,346             55,310           158,656             83,985                                   74,671


(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                               As at July 31, 2020       As at October 31, 2019

Unencumbered liquid assets by entity
 National Bank (parent)                                                                                                                                   42,347                     30,380
 Domestic subsidiaries                                                                                                                                    20,102                     14,815
 Foreign subsidiaries and branches                                                                                                                        25,867                     29,476
                                                                                                                                                          88,316                     74,671



(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                               As at July 31, 2020       As at October 31, 2019

Unencumbered liquid assets by currency
 Canadian dollar                                                                                                                                          45,123                     39,172
 U.S. dollar                                                                                                                                              15,869                     19,356
 Other currencies                                                                                                                                         27,324                     16,143
                                                                                                                                                          88,316                     74,671

Liquid Asset Portfolio – Average(4)

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                                  Quarter ended
                                                                                                                                                           July 31, 2020     October 31, 2019
                                                                                 Bank-owned        Liquid assets              Total      Encumbered       Unencumbered         Unencumbered
                                                                               liquid assets(1)       received(2)     liquid assets    liquid assets(3)     liquid assets        liquid assets

Cash and deposits with financial institutions                                        31,016                   −           31,016               4,815               26,201              7,852
Securities
 Issued or guaranteed by the Canadian government, U.S.
   Treasury, other U.S. agencies and other foreign governments                       32,984             18,870            51,854              32,244               19,610             23,542
 Issued or guaranteed by Canadian provincial and
   municipal governments                                                             16,254              8,320            24,574              17,801                6,773              4,923
 Other debt securities                                                                6,722              2,084             8,806               2,348                6,458              5,074
 Equity securities                                                                   38,606             31,748            70,354              42,520               27,834             30,636
Loans
 Securities backed by insured residential mortgages                                  8,494                   −             8,494              5,239                 3,255              2,967
                                                                                   134,076              61,022           195,098            104,967                90,131             74,994

(1)   Bank-owned liquid assets include assets for which there are no legal or geographic restrictions.
(2)   Securities received as collateral with respect to securities financing and derivative transactions and securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowed.
(3)   In the normal course of its funding activities, the Bank pledges assets as collateral in accordance with standard terms. Encumbered liquid assets include assets used to cover short sales,
      obligations related to securities sold under repurchase agreements and securities loaned, guarantees related to security-backed loans and borrowings, collateral related to derivative
      financial instrument transactions, asset-backed securities and liquid assets legally restricted from transfers.
(4)   The average is based on the sum of the end-of-period balances of the three months of the quarter divided by three.
Summary of Encumbered and Unencumbered Assets

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                             As at July 31, 2020
                                                                                                                                                                                 Encumbered
                                                                                               Encumbered                           Unencumbered                               assets as a %
                                                                                                   assets(1)                               assets                  Total       of total assets
                                                                             Pledged as                             Available as
                                                                               collateral            Other(2)         collateral             Other(3)

Cash and deposits with financial institutions                                      300               5,273              23,505                    −             29,078                   1.7
Securities                                                                      36,730                   −              60,882                    −             97,612                  11.4
Securities purchased under reverse repurchase
 agreements and securities borrowed                                                  −              12,711                   −                  −              12,711                    4.0
Loans and acceptances, net of allowances                                        36,216                   −               3,929            121,608             161,753                   11.2
Derivative financial instruments                                                     −                   −                   −             13,467              13,467                      −
Investments in associates and joint ventures                                         −                   −                   −                414                 414                      −
Premises and equipment                                                               −                   −                   −              1,167               1,167                      −
Goodwill                                                                             −                   −                   −              1,415               1,415                      −
Intangible assets                                                                    −                   −                   −              1,463               1,463                      −
Other assets                                                                         −                   −                   −              3,373               3,373                      −
                                                                                73,246              17,984              88,316            142,907             322,453                   28.3


(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                      As at October 31, 2019
                                                                                                                                                                               Encumbered
                                                                                                Encumbered                           Unencumbered                            assets as a %
                                                                                                    assets(1)                               assets                 Total     of total assets
                                                                             Pledged as                             Available as
                                                                               collateral            Other(2)         collateral             Other(3)

Cash and deposits with financial institutions                                      143               3,959               9,596                    −             13,698                   1.4
Securities                                                                      24,950                   −              57,276                    −             82,226                   8.9
Securities purchased under reverse repurchase
 agreements and securities borrowed                                                  −              12,850               4,873                  −              17,723                    4.6
Loans and acceptances, net of allowances                                        31,835                   −               2,926            118,490             153,251                   11.3
Derivative financial instruments                                                     −                   −                   −              8,129               8,129                      −
Investments in associates and joint ventures                                         −                   −                   −                385                 385                      −
Premises and equipment                                                               −                   −                   −                490                 490                      −
Goodwill                                                                             −                   −                   −              1,412               1,412                      −
Intangible assets                                                                    −                   −                   −              1,406               1,406                      −
Other assets                                                                         −                   −                   −              2,738               2,738                      −
                                                                                56,928              16,809              74,671            133,050             281,458                   26.2

(1)   In the normal course of its funding activities, the Bank pledges assets as collateral in accordance with standard terms. Encumbered assets include assets used to cover short sales,
      obligations related to securities sold under repurchase agreements and securities loaned, guarantees related to security-backed loans and borrowings, collateral related to derivative
      financial instrument transactions, asset-backed securities, residential mortgage loans securitized and transferred under the Canada Mortgage Bond program, assets held in consolidated
      trusts supporting the Bank’s funding activities and mortgage loans transferred under the covered bond program.
(2)   Other encumbered assets include assets for which there are restrictions and that cannot therefore be used for collateral or funding purposes as well as assets used to cover short sales.
(3)   Other unencumbered assets are assets that cannot be used for collateral or funding purposes in their current form. This category includes assets that are potentially eligible as funding
      program collateral (e.g., mortgages insured by the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation that can be securitized into mortgage-backed securities under the National Housing Act
      (Canada)).
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)
The LCR was introduced primarily to ensure that banks could withstand periods of severe short-term stress. OSFI has been requiring Canadian banks to
maintain a minimum LCR of 100%. An LCR above 100% ensures that banks are holding sufficient high-quality liquid assets (HQLA) to cover net cash outflows
given a severe, 30-day liquidity crisis. The assumptions underlying the LCR scenario were established by the BCBS and OSFI.

The following table provides average LCR data calculated using the daily figures in the quarter. For the quarter ended July 31, 2020, the Bank’s average LCR
was 161%, well above the 100% regulatory requirement and demonstrating the Bank’s solid liquidity position.

LCR Disclosure Requirements(1)

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                         For the quarter ended
                                                                                                                                                     July 31, 2020           April 30, 2020
                                                                                                                          Total unweighted          Total weighted           Total weighted
                                                                                                                          value(2) (average)      value(3) (average)       value(3) (average)

 High-quality liquid assets (HQLA)
   1 Total HQLA                                                                                                                            n.a.           65,250                    50,642
 Cash outflows
   2 Retail deposits and deposits from small business customers, of which:                                                         51,699                  4,274                     4,010
   3 Stable deposits                                                                                                               25,488                    765                       671
   4 Less stable deposits                                                                                                          26,211                  3,509                     3,339
   5 Unsecured wholesale funding, of which:                                                                                        87,829                 48,995                    43,962
   6 Operational deposits (all counterparties)                                                                                     15,595                  3,756                     3,445
   7 Non-operational deposits (all counterparties)                                                                                 63,365                 36,370                    32,008
   8 Unsecured debt                                                                                                                 8,869                  8,869                     8,509
   9 Secured wholesale funding                                                                                                         n.a.               13,500                    14,344
  10 Additional requirements, of which:                                                                                            41,227                 11,881                    11,973
  11 Outflows related to derivative exposures and other collateral requirements                                                    12,610                  6,391                     6,496
  12 Outflows related to loss of funding on secured debt securities                                                                 1,258                  1,258                     1,345
  13 Backstop liquidity and credit enhancement facilities and commitments to extend credit                                         27,359                  4,232                     4,132
  14 Other contractual commitments to extend credit                                                                                 2,731                    925                       840
  15 Other contingent commitments to extend credit                                                                                 89,981                  1,584                     1,540
  16 Total cash outflows                                                                                                               n.a.               81,159                    76,669

 Cash inflows
  17 Secured lending (e.g., reverse repos)                                                                                        116,307                 18,082                    16,521
  18 Inflows from fully performing exposures                                                                                       11,993                  7,766                     7,015
  19 Other cash inflows                                                                                                            14,190                 14,190                    18,893
  20 Total cash inflows                                                                                                           142,490                 40,038                    42,429

                                                                                                                                                    Total adjusted            Total adjusted
                                                                                                                                                           value(4)                   value(4)

  21 Total HQLA                                                                                                                            n.a.           65,250                    50,642
  22 Total net cash outflows                                                                                                               n.a.           41,121                    34,240
  23 Liquidity coverage ratio (%)(5)                                                                                                       n.a.              161 %                     149 %

n.a.   Not applicable
(1)    OSFI prescribed a table format in order to standardize disclosure throughout the banking industry.
(2)    Unweighted values are calculated as outstanding balances maturing or callable within 30 days (for inflows and outflows).
(3)    Weighted values are calculated after the application of respective haircuts (for HQLA) or inflow and outflow rates.
(4)    Total adjusted values are calculated after the application of both haircuts and inflow and outflow rates and any applicable caps.
(5)    The data in this table is calculated using averages of the daily figures in the quarter.


As at July 31, 2020, Level 1 liquid assets represented 82% of the Bank’s HQLA, which includes cash, central bank deposits, and bonds issued or guaranteed by
the Canadian government and Canadian provincial governments.

Cash outflows arise from the application of OSFI-prescribed assumptions on deposits, debt, secured funding, commitments and additional collateral
requirements. The cash outflows are partly offset by cash inflows, which come mainly from secured loans and performing loans. The Bank expects some
quarter-over-quarter variation between reported LCRs, and such variation may not be indicative of a trend. The variation between the quarter ended July 31,
2020 and the preceding quarter reflects exceptional measures taken by OSFI and the Bank of Canada in response to the operational issues caused by the
spread of COVID-19. The Bank’s liquid asset buffer is well in excess of its total net cash outflows.

The LCR assumptions differ from the assumptions used for the liquidity disclosures provided in the tables on the preceding pages or those used for internal
liquidity management rules. While the liquidity disclosure framework is prescribed by the EDTF, the Bank’s internal liquidity metrics use assumptions that are
calibrated according to its business model and experience.
Funding
The Bank continuously monitors and analyzes the possibilities for accessing less expensive and more flexible funding. The deposit strategy remains a priority
for the Bank, which continues to prefer deposits to institutional funding. The table below presents the residual contractual maturities of the Bank’s wholesale
funding. The information has been presented in accordance with the categories recommended by the EDTF for comparison purposes with other banks.

Residual Contractual Maturities of Wholesale Funding(1)

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                As at July 31, 2020
                                                                                    Over 1            Over 3            Over 6   Subtotal         Over 1
                                                              1 month or         month to          months to        months to      1 year        year to    Over 2
                                                                    less         3 months          6 months         12 months     or less        2 years     years         Total
                       (2)
Deposits from banks                                                 544                20                 8                  −      572              −          −          572
Certificates of deposit and commercial paper(3)                   3,224             2,549               745                263    6,781              −          −        6,781
Senior unsecured medium-term notes(4)(5)                              −                 −             1,671              1,458    3,129          2,304      6,911       12,344
Senior unsecured structured notes                                   141               118                 −                  −      259              −      2,304        2,563
Covered bonds and asset-backed securities
 Mortgage securitization                                              −               429             1,750              2,026    4,205          3,352     14,103       21,660
 Covered bonds                                                        −                 −               362              1,597    1,959          3,618      4,716       10,293
 Securitization of credit card receivables                            −                 −                 −                  −        −             36         28           64
Subordinated liabilities(6)                                           −                 −                 −                  −        −              −        777          777
                                                                  3,909             3,116             4,536              5,344   16,905          9,310     28,839       55,054

Secured funding                                                       −               429             2,112              3,623    6,164          7,006     18,847       32,017
Unsecured funding                                                 3,909             2,687             2,424              1,721   10,741          2,304      9,992       23,037
                                                                  3,909             3,116             4,536              5,344   16,905          9,310     28,839       55,054
As at October 31, 2019                                            3,187             6,098             7,217              6,925   23,427          9,362     30,746       63,535

(1)   Bankers’ acceptances are not included in this table.
(2)   Deposits from banks include all non-negotiable term deposits from banks.
(3)   Includes bearer deposit notes.
(4)   Certificates of deposit denominated in euros are included in senior unsecured medium-term notes.
(5)   Includes deposits subject to bank recapitalization (bail-in) conversion regulations.
(6)   Subordinated debt is presented in this table but the Bank does not consider it as part of its wholesale funding.


As part of a comprehensive liquidity management framework, the Bank regularly reviews its contracts that stipulate that additional collateral could be required
in the event of a downgrade of the Bank’s credit rating. The Bank’s liquidity position management approach already incorporates additional collateral
requirements in the event of a one-notch to three-notch downgrade. The table below presents the additional collateral requirements in the event of a one-notch
or three-notch credit rating downgrade.

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                As at July 31, 2020
                                                                                                                                             One-notch                Three-notch
                                                                                                                                            downgrade                  downgrade

Derivatives(1)                                                                                                                                    25                         38

(1)   Contractual requirements related to agreements known as Credit Support Annexes.
Residual Contractual Maturities of Balance Sheet Items and Off-Balance-Sheet Commitments
The following tables present balance sheet items and off-balance-sheet commitments by residual contractual maturity as at July 31, 2020 with comparative
figures as at October 31, 2019. The information gathered from this maturity analysis is a component of liquidity and funding management. However, this
maturity profile does not represent how the Bank manages its interest rate risk or its liquidity risk and funding needs. The Bank considers factors other than
contractual maturity in the assessment of liquid assets or in determining expected future cash flows.

In the normal course of business, the Bank enters into various off-balance-sheet commitments. The credit instruments used to meet the financing needs of its
clients represent the maximum amount of additional credit the Bank could be obligated to extend if the commitments were fully drawn.

The Bank also has future minimum commitments under leases as well as for other contracts, mainly commitments to purchase loans and contracts for
outsourced information technology services. Most of the lease commitments are related to operating leases.

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                       As at July 31, 2020
                                                               Over 1       Over 3          Over 6       Over 9    Over 1     Over 2                    No
                                              1 month       month to     months to       months to   months to    year to   years to    Over 5   specified
                                                or less     3 months     6 months        9 months    12 months    2 years    5 years     years    maturity          Total

Assets

Cash and deposits
 with financial institutions                    9,142            339           489             73         266         −          −          −     18,769        29,078

Securities
 At fair value through
  profit or loss                                4,034          5,273         1,982           420          617      2,998     6,452     10,432     40,612        72,820
 At fair value through
  other comprehensive income                        −              2             −          1,357       1,265      1,133     5,388      3,965        607        13,717
 At amortized cost                                  −            650           311            481         387      2,724     5,870        652          −        11,075
                                                4,034          5,925         2,293          2,258       2,269      6,855    17,710     15,049     41,219        97,612

Securities purchased under
 reverse repurchase
 agreements and
 securities borrowed                            4,162          2,237           804              −            −      670          −          −      4,838        12,711

Loans(1)
 Residential mortgage                           1,036          1,530         2,309          2,082       3,249     10,048    36,270      4,366      1,093        61,983
 Personal                                         289            530           812            669         821      3,236    12,904      3,457     14,294        37,012
 Credit card                                                                                                                                       2,012         2,012
 Business and government                        9,793          3,175         2,641          3,467       3,626      6,570    14,197      3,512      8,136        55,117
 Customers’ liability under
  acceptances                                   5,832            870                35          −            −        −          −          −           −        6,737
 Allowances for credit losses                                                                                                                      (1,108)      (1,108)
                                               16,950          6,105         5,797          6,218       7,696     19,854    63,371     11,335     24,427       161,753

Other
 Derivative financial instruments               1,266          1,173         1,052           941          469      1,113     3,061      4,392           −       13,467
 Investments in associates and
  joint ventures                                                                                                                                     414           414
 Premises and equipment                                                                                                                            1,167         1,167
 Goodwill                                                                                                                                          1,415         1,415
 Intangible assets                                                                                                                                 1,463         1,463
 Other assets(1)                                1,373           176            319            142         166        253        28        108        808         3,373
                                                2,639         1,349          1,371          1,083         635      1,366     3,089      4,500      5,267        21,299
                                               36,927        15,955         10,754          9,632      10,866     28,745    84,170     30,884     94,520       322,453

(1)   Amounts collectible on demand are considered to have no specified maturity.
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                              As at July 31, 2020
                                                                 Over 1         Over 3         Over 6         Over 9           Over 1         Over 2                           No
                                                1 month       month to       months to      months to     months to           year to       years to         Over 5     specified
                                                  or less     3 months       6 months       9 months      12 months           2 years        5 years          years      maturity          Total

Liabilities and equity

Deposits(1)(2)
 Personal                                        1,720           2,332          3,533           3,348          1,796          5,561          7,285           2,714       37,871        66,160
 Business and government                        24,566           6,235          4,690           3,077          1,146          6,618         11,788           3,851       72,743       134,714
 Deposit-taking institutions                       980             315             29               −             34              5              1              42        3,198         4,604
                                                27,266           8,882          8,252           6,425          2,976         12,184         19,074           6,607      113,812       205,478

Other
 Acceptances                                      5,832            870              35               −              −              −               −                −          −         6,737
 Obligations related
  to securities sold short(3)                        57            258             172            176              98         1,088          2,674           5,078        7,007        16,608
 Obligations related to
  securities sold under
  repurchase agreements and
  securities loaned                             15,518           6,593          2,624           6,264               −         1,500                −                −     3,380        35,879
 Derivative financial
  instruments                                     1,970          1,359             870            598            438            942          5,341           2,628             −       14,146
 Liabilities related to transferred
  receivables(4)                                     −             429          1,750             273          1,753          3,352         11,026          3,077             −        21,660
 Securitization – Credit card(5)                     −               −              −               −              −             36             28              −             −            64
 Lease liabilities(5)                                7              14             21              21             21             84            227            243             −           638
 Other liabilities – Other items(1)(5)           1,295              83            246             116             82             59             57            262         2,765         4,965
                                                24,679           9,606          5,718           7,448          2,392          7,061         19,353         11,288        13,152       100,697

Subordinated debt                                      −              −              −               −              −              −               −           777             −           777

Equity                                                                                                                                                                   15,501        15,501
                                                51,945          18,488         13,970         13,873           5,368         19,245         38,427         18,672       142,465       322,453

Off-balance-sheet commitments
 Letters of guarantee and
  documentary letters of credit                     168            503          2,200             797            878            427              98                 −         −          5,071
 Credit card receivables(6)                                                                                                                                               7,998          7,998
 Backstop liquidity and credit
  enhancement facilities(7)                           −              −             15           4,502             15              −              −               −        2,532         7,064
 Commitments to extend credit(8)                  3,078          3,900          5,114           4,144          5,208          6,006         10,448           1,109       28,826        67,833
 Obligations related to:
  Lease commitments(9)                                1              1              1               2              1              5              2                  1         −            14
  Other contracts(10)                               102            176            204              39             39            142            142                  −        88           932

(1)    Amounts payable upon demand or notice are considered to have no specified maturity.
(2)    The Deposits item is presented in greater detail than it is on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(3)    Amounts are disclosed according to the remaining contractual maturity of the underlying security.
(4)    These amounts mainly include liabilities related to the securitization of mortgage loans.
(5)    The Other liabilities item is presented in greater detail than it is on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(6)    These amounts are unconditionally revocable at the Bank’s discretion at any time.
(7)    In the event of payment on one of the backstop liquidity facilities, the Bank will receive as collateral government bonds in an amount up to $4.5 billion.
(8)    These amounts include $38.1 billion that is unconditionally revocable at the Bank’s discretion at any time.
(9)    These amounts include leases for which the underlying asset is of low value and leases other than for real estate of less than one year.
(10)   These amounts include $0.3 billion in contractual commitments related to the head office building under construction.
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                   As at October 31, 2019
                                                               Over 1       Over 3          Over 6       Over 9    Over 1     Over 2                    No
                                              1 month       month to     months to       months to   months to    year to   years to    Over 5   specified
                                                or less     3 months     6 months        9 months    12 months    2 years    5 years     years    maturity         Total

Assets

Cash and deposits
 with financial institutions                    7,301          1,638           121           111           33         −          −          −      4,494        13,698

Securities
 At fair value through
  profit or loss                                1,228            647           658           256          411      4,215     7,451      6,872     40,085        61,823
 At fair value through
  other comprehensive income                       36             14            26             5            1      3,213     4,749      1,982        622        10,648
 At amortized cost                                 33             84           262           331          105      1,704     5,853      1,383          −         9,755
                                                1,297            745           946           592          517      9,132    18,053     10,237     40,707        82,226

Securities purchased under
 reverse repurchase
 agreements and
 securities borrowed                            7,247          1,365           922           495             −     1,317         −          −      6,377        17,723
      (1)
Loans
 Residential mortgage                             734          1,161         1,959          3,093       2,893     10,674    32,601      3,375        681        57,171
 Personal                                         253            430           803            972         843      3,367    11,576      3,407     15,293        36,944
 Credit card                                                                                                                                       2,322         2,322
 Business and government                        8,469          2,771         2,995          3,203       2,222      6,016    13,445      2,771      8,707        50,599
 Customers’ liability under
  acceptances                                   6,138            710                45          −            −        −          −          −          −        6,893
 Allowances for credit losses                                                                                                                       (678)        (678)
                                               15,594          5,072         5,802          7,268       5,958     20,057    57,622      9,553     26,325      153,251

Other
 Derivative financial instruments                 564            614           483           262          194       847      2,039      3,126           −        8,129
 Investments in associates and
  joint ventures                                                                                                                                     385          385
 Premises and equipment                                                                                                                              490          490
 Goodwill                                                                                                                                          1,412        1,412
 Intangible assets                                                                                                                                 1,406        1,406
 Other assets(1)                                1,425            142            87             88          88        266       107         38        497        2,738
                                                1,989            756           570            350         282      1,113     2,146      3,164      4,190       14,560
                                               33,428          9,576         8,361          8,816       6,790     31,619    77,821     22,954     82,093      281,458

(1)   Amounts collectible on demand are considered to have no specified maturity.
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                         As at October 31, 2019
                                                                 Over 1         Over 3         Over 6          Over 9          Over 1         Over 2                          No
                                                1 month       month to       months to      months to      months to          year to       years to         Over 5    specified
                                                  or less     3 months       6 months       9 months       12 months          2 years        5 years          years     maturity         Total

Liabilities and equity

Deposits(1)(2)
 Personal                                         1,716          1,983           3,045          2,696          3,042          6,105          7,276           2,606      31,596       60,065
 Business and government                         20,252          6,050           6,630          4,778          2,723          6,411         11,706           6,213      60,503      125,266
 Deposit-taking institutions                        711             69              79             29            275              −              5              46       3,021        4,235
                                                 22,679          8,102           9,754          7,503          6,040         12,516         18,987           8,865      95,120      189,566

Other
 Acceptances                                      6,138             710             45               −              −               −              −               −          −        6,893
 Obligations related
  to securities sold short(3)                       504             176            195              34            495            315          2,738          5,147       3,245        12,849
 Obligations related to
  securities sold under
  repurchase agreements and
  securities loaned                               7,493          1,281           2,881          2,743               −               −              −               −     7,502        21,900
 Derivative financial
  instruments                                       793             763            556            292             214            712          1,959          1,563            −        6,852
 Liabilities related to transferred
  receivables(4)                                      −          1,491             995            881            375           3,640        10,623           3,307           −        21,312
 Securitization – Credit card(5)                      −              −             874              −              −               −            37               −           −           911
 Other liabilities – Other items(1)(5)            1,298            330             141             63             36              58            84             292       2,964         5,266
                                                 16,226          4,751           5,687          4,013          1,120           4,725        15,441          10,309      13,711        75,983

Subordinated debt                                      −               −              −              −              −               −              −           773            −          773

Equity                                                                                                                                                                  15,136       15,136
                                                 38,905         12,853         15,441          11,516          7,160         17,241         34,428          19,947     123,967      281,458

Off-balance-sheet commitments
 Letters of guarantee and
  documentary letters of credit                     335          1,430             411          1,019             888          1,258              53               −         −         5,394
 Credit card receivables(6)                                                                                                                                              7,630         7,630
 Backstop liquidity and credit
  enhancement facilities(7)                           −             15           3,017             15              −               −             −               −       2,608         5,655
 Commitments to extend credit(8)                  1,916          4,552           4,103          5,064          4,019           4,258        10,326             784      27,102        62,124
 Obligations related to:
  Lease commitments                                   8              17             26             27              26             99            249            239            −          691
  Other contracts(9)                                158             289            523            423             380            198            257              −            −        2,228

(1)   Amounts payable upon demand or notice are considered to have no specified maturity.
(2)   The Deposits item is presented in greater detail than it is on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(3)   Amounts are disclosed according to the remaining contractual maturity of the underlying security.
(4)   These amounts mainly include liabilities related to the securitization of mortgage loans.
(5)   The Other liabilities item is presented in greater detail than it is on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(6)   These amounts are unconditionally revocable at the Bank’s discretion at any time.
(7)   In the event of payment on one of the backstop liquidity facilities, the Bank will receive as collateral government bonds in an amount up to $3.0 billion.
(8)   These amounts include $35.7 billion that is unconditionally revocable at the Bank’s discretion at any time.
(9)   These amounts include $0.3 billion in contractual commitments related to the head office building under construction.
One of the purposes of the 2019 Annual Report, the Report to Shareholders – Third Quarter 2020, and the related supplementary information documents is to
provide transparent, high-quality risk disclosures in accordance with the recommendations made by the Financial Stability Board’s EDTF group. The following
table lists the references where users can find information that responds to the EDTF’s 32 recommendations.

                                                                                                                                                                     Pages
                                                                                                                                                           Supplementary
                                                                                                              2019                Report to            Regulatory Capital
                                                                                                      Annual Report          Shareholders(1)      and Pillar 3 Disclosure(1)

General
 1 Location of risk disclosures                                                                                 12                       44
       Management’s Discussion and Analysis                                            50 to 94, 107, 109 and 110                  26 to 43
       Consolidated Financial Statements                                                 Notes 1, 7, 16, 23 and 29           Notes 7 and 14
       Supplementary Financial Information                                                                                                                       19 to 29(2)
       Supplementary Regulatory Capital and Pillar 3 Disclosure                                                                                                     5 to 48
 2 Risk terminology and risk measures                                                                     58 to 94
 3 Top and emerging risks                                                                                 63 to 67                    4 to 10
 4 New key regulatory ratios                                                               51 to 53, 80, 82 and 86     26, 27, 35, 38 and 81

Risk governance and risk management
  5 Risk management organization, processes and key functions                                  58 to 76, 82 and 83
  6 Risk management culture                                                                              58 and 59
  7 Key risks by business segment, risk management and risk appetite                               57 to 59 and 63
  8 Stress testing                                                                       50, 59, 71, 80, 81 and 83

Capital adequacy and risk-weighted assets (RWA)
  9 Minimum Pillar 1 capital requirements                                                                   51 to 53              26 and 27
 10 Reconciliation of the accounting balance sheet to
        the regulatory balance sheet                                                                                                                    7 to 13, 16 and 17
 11 Movements in regulatory capital                                                                               55                      28
 12 Capital planning                                                                                        50 to 57
 13 RWA by business segment and by risk type                                                                      57                                                      6
 14 Capital requirements by risk and the RWA calculation method                                             67 to 71                                                      6
 15 Banking book credit risk                                                                                                                                              6
 16 Movements in RWA by risk type                                                                                56                       29                              6
 17 Assessment of credit risk model performance                                                 62, 68 to 70 and 75                                                      31

Liquidity
 18 Liquidity management and components of the liquidity buffer                                             82 to 87                35 to 39

Funding
 19 Summary of encumbered and unencumbered assets                                                         84 and 85                       37
 20 Residual contractual maturities of balance sheet items and
       off-balance-sheet commitments                                                                     203 to 207                 40 to 43
 21 Funding strategy and funding sources                                                                   87 to 89                       39

Market risk
 22 Linkage of market risk measures to balance sheet                                                     77 and 78                32 and 33
 23 Market risk factors                                                                      75 to 81, 191 and 192                 33 to 35
 24 VaR: Assumptions, limitations and validation procedures                                              78 and 79
 25 Stress tests, stressed VaR and backtesting                                                             75 to 81

Credit risk
 26 Credit risk exposures                                                                      74 and 151 to 163            31 and 66 to 77        18 to 39 and 19 to 27(2)
 27 Policies for identifying impaired loans                                                     72, 126 and 127
 28 Movements in impaired loans and allowances for credit losses                    107, 109, 110 and 151 to 163                    66 to 77                    24 to 26(2)
 29 Counterparty credit risk relating to derivatives transactions                          72, 73 and 171 to 174                                33 to 40 and 28(2) and 29(2)
 30 Credit risk mitigation                                                                      70 to 72 and 148                                       20, 24 and 38 to 48

Other risks
 31 Other risks: Governance, measurement and management                                         66, 67 and 90 to 94
 32 Publicly known risk events                                                                                   90                  4 to 10

(1)   Third quarter 2020.
(2)   These pages are included in the document entitled Supplementary Financial Information — Third Quarter 2020.
The Bank’s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The financial statements also comply with section 308(4) of the Bank Act (Canada), which states that, except
as otherwise specified by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (Canada) (OSFI), the consolidated financial statements are to be prepared in
accordance with IFRS. IFRS represent Canadian generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). None of the OSFI accounting requirements are exceptions to
IFRS. The unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarter and the nine-month period ended July 31, 2020 were prepared in
accordance with IAS 34 – Interim Financial Reporting and using the same accounting policies described in Note 1 to the audited annual consolidated financial
statements for the year ended October 31, 2019, except for the changes described in Note 2 to the interim condensed consolidated financial statements,
which have been applied since November 1, 2019 following the Bank’s adoption of IFRS 16 – Leases as well as the early adoption of the amendments to IFRS 7
and IAS 39 arising from the first phase of the interest rate benchmark reform project.

In preparing consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS, management must exercise judgment and make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reporting date carrying amounts of assets and liabilities, net income and related information. Some accounting policies are considered critical given their
importance to the presentation of the Bank’s financial position and operating results and require difficult, subjective and complex judgments and estimates on
matters that are inherently uncertain. Any change in these judgments and estimates could have a significant impact on the Bank’s consolidated financial
statements. The critical accounting estimates are the same as those described on pages 95 to 100 of the 2019 Annual Report.

COVID-19 Pandemic Considerations
Some of the Bank’s accounting policies require subjective and complex judgments and estimates, as they relate to matters that are inherently uncertain. See
Note 1 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019 for a summary of the most significant estimation
processes used to prepare the consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS and for the measurement techniques used to determine carrying
values and fair values of assets and liabilities.

On March 11, 2020, COVID-19 was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization. As a result of the heightened uncertainty associated with the
unprecedented nature of the COVID-19 pandemic, developing reliable estimates and applying judgment has become even more challenging. ECL accounting
has become particularly difficult in the current circumstances and requires significant judgment. The ECL model is forward looking and is based on a
probability-weighted approach. Measurement of ECLs at each reporting period reflects reasonable and supportable information about past events, current
conditions, and forecasts of future events and economic conditions. During this period of greater economic uncertainty, it is very difficult to forecast future
events and the macroeconomic inputs used in ECL modelling. Determining macroeconomic scenarios and assigning probabilities to these scenarios requires
significant judgment. Consideration is given both to the effects of COVID-19 and the significant government support measures. The Bank applies expert credit
judgment to adjust modelled ECL results when it becomes evident that known or expected risk factors and information were not considered in the credit rating
and modelling process. As a result of COVID-19 and the recent economic downturn, significant measurement uncertainty exists in determining ECLs, and
measurement is subject to significant judgment. The uncertainty regarding key inputs used in measuring ECLs is outlined in Note 7 to these consolidated
financial statements.

In response to the economic impact of COVID-19, the Canadian government has established, among other financial relief programs, the Canada Emergency
Business Account (CEBA) program to provide interest-free loans of up to $40,000 for small and medium-sized businesses and non-profit organizations. The
Bank and several other financial institutions are authorized to implement the CEBA program in cooperation with Export Development Canada. This program is
guaranteed by the Government of Canada and aims to help businesses cope with the economic challenges resulting from the COVID-19 crisis. Loans made by
the Bank to its business clients under CEBA are not recognized on the Bank’s Consolidated Balance Sheet, since the conditions of a qualifying pass-through
arrangement have been met and the Bank has determined that substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the loans have been transferred to the
Canadian government. The Bank receives an administration fee as reimbursement for the costs of administering this Canadian government program and this
fee is recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income as a reduction of Non-interest expenses – Other.
The Bank closely monitors both new accounting standards and amendments to existing accounting standards issued by the IASB. The following standards
have been issued but are not yet effective. The Bank is currently assessing the impact of the application of these standards on the consolidated financial
statements.

Effective Date – November 1, 2020
Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting
On March 29, 2018, the IASB published Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting to replace its 2010 conceptual framework. For the IASB, the revised
conceptual framework has been in effect since its publication date.

Effective Date – November 1, 2023
IFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts
In May 2017, the IASB issued IFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts, a new standard that replaces IFRS 4, the current insurance contract accounting standard. IFRS 17
introduces a new accounting framework that will improve the comparability and quality of financial information. It provides guidance on the recognition,
measurement, presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts. In June 2020, amendments to IFRS 17 were issued and included a two-year deferral of the
effective date along with other changes aimed at addressing concerns and implementation challenges identified after IFRS 17 was published in 2017. IFRS 17,
as amended, is effective retrospectively for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, with earlier application permitted. If full retrospective
application to a group of insurance contracts is impractical, the modified retrospective approach or the fair value approach may be used.




During the third quarter of 2020, no changes were made to the policies, procedures and other processes that comprise the Bank’s internal control over
financial reporting that had or could reasonably have a significant impact on the internal control over financial reporting.
(millions of Canadian dollars,
 except per share amounts)                                                                   2020                                                    2019         2018    2019     2018
                                                                    Q3            Q2            Q1            Q4           Q3            Q2            Q1           Q4    Total    Total

Total revenues                                                 1,968         2,036         1,923         1,915         1,948         1,770        1,799          1,814   7,432    7,166

Net income                                                        602          379            610          604           608           558           552          566    2,322    2,232

Earnings per share ($)
 Basic                                                           1.67          1.01          1.69          1.68         1.68          1.52          1.51          1.53    6.39     6.01
 Diluted                                                         1.66          1.01          1.67          1.67         1.66          1.51          1.50          1.52    6.34     5.94
Dividends per common share ($)                                   0.71          0.71          0.71          0.68         0.68          0.65          0.65          0.62    2.66     2.44

Return on common
 shareholders’ equity (%)                                        17.0          10.7          18.0          18.2         18.7          17.8          17.2          17.8    18.0     18.4

Total assets                                                322,453       316,950       289,191       281,458       276,312       269,106      263,355       262,471

Net impaired loans(1)                                             453          479            436          450           420           379           373          404

Per common share ($)
 Book value                                                    38.91         38.74         37.58         36.89         36.12         35.49        34.85          34.40
 Share price
  High                                                         65.54         74.79         74.22         68.02         64.16         63.82        61.80          65.63
  Low                                                          51.38         38.73         68.25         60.38         60.71         60.31        54.97          58.93

(1)   All loans classified in Stage 3 of the expected credit loss model are impaired loans; the net impaired loans presented in this table exclude POCI loans.
                                     Consolidated Balance Sheets    49
                               Consolidated Statements of Income    50
                Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income     51
                     Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity   53
                           Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    54
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    55
                                                                                                                                             As at July 31, 2020    As at October 31, 2019
Assets
Cash and deposits with financial institutions                                                                                                           29,078                      13,698
Securities (Notes 4, 5 and 6)
At fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                                    72,820                      61,823
At fair value through other comprehensive income                                                                                                        13,717                      10,648
At amortized cost                                                                                                                                       11,075                       9,755
                                                                                                                                                        97,612                      82,226
Securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements
 and securities borrowed                                                                                                                                12,711                      17,723
Loans (Note 7)
Residential mortgage                                                                                                                                   61,983                      57,171
Personal                                                                                                                                               37,012                      36,944
Credit card                                                                                                                                             2,012                       2,322
Business and government                                                                                                                                55,117                      50,599
                                                                                                                                                      156,124                     147,036
Customers' liability under acceptances                                                                                                                  6,737                       6,893
Allowances for credit losses                                                                                                                           (1,108)                       (678)
                                                                                                                                                      161,753                     153,251
Other
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                       13,467                       8,129
Investments in associates and joint ventures                                                                                                              414                         385
Premises and equipment (Note 2)                                                                                                                         1,167                         490
Goodwill                                                                                                                                                1,415                       1,412
Intangible assets                                                                                                                                       1,463                       1,406
Other assets (Note 9)                                                                                                                                   3,373                       2,738
                                                                                                                                                       21,299                      14,560
                                                                                                                                                      322,453                     281,458
Liabilities and equity
Deposits (Notes 5 and 10)                                                                                                                             205,478                     189,566
Other
Acceptances                                                                                                                                              6,737                       6,893
Obligations related to securities sold short                                                                                                            16,608                      12,849
Obligations related to securities sold under repurchase agreements
 and securities loaned(1) (Note 8)                                                                                                                     35,879                       21,900
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                       14,146                        6,852
Liabilities related to transferred receivables (Notes 5 and 8)                                                                                         21,660                       21,312
Other liabilities (Note 11)                                                                                                                             5,667                        6,177
                                                                                                                                                      100,697                       75,983
Subordinated debt                                                                                                                                           777                        773
Equity
Equity attributable to the Bank’s shareholders (Notes 12 and 15)
Preferred shares                                                                                                                                        2,450                       2,450
Common shares                                                                                                                                           3,040                       2,949
Contributed surplus                                                                                                                                        47                          51
Retained earnings                                                                                                                                      10,150                       9,312
Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                                                                                   (177)                         16
                                                                                                                                                       15,510                      14,778
Non-controlling interests (Note 13)                                                                                                                        (9)                        358
                                                                                                                                                       15,501                      15,136
                                                                                                                                                      322,453                     281,458
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements.

(1)   As at July 31, 2020, Obligations related to securities sold under repurchase agreements and securities loaned include term repurchase transactions with the Bank of Canada, for which the
      underlying asset is a Bank issued security such as bearer deposit notes and covered bonds.
                                                                                                                             Quarter ended July 31                 Nine months ended July 31
                                                                                                                         2020                 2019                  2020                   2019
Interest income
Loans                                                                                                                  1,362                1,608                 4,540                   4,795
Securities at fair value through profit or loss                                                                          265                  282                   901                     821
Securities at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                               48                   46                   158                     128
Securities at amortized cost                                                                                              49                   50                   169                     155
Deposits with financial institutions                                                                                      16                   40                    70                     179
                                                                                                                       1,740                2,026                 5,838                   6,078
Interest expense
Deposits                                                                                                                 491                  886                 2,092                   2,557
Liabilities related to transferred receivables                                                                            89                  113                   300                     327
Subordinated debt                                                                                                          4                    6                    15                      18
Other                                                                                                                     60                  166                   300                     516
                                                                                                                         644                1,171                 2,707                   3,418
Net interest income(1)                                                                                                 1,096                  855                 3,131                   2,660
Non-interest income
Underwriting and advisory fees                                                                                            93                   75                   293                     218
Securities brokerage commissions                                                                                          46                   43                   152                     133
Mutual fund revenues                                                                                                     121                  115                   353                     333
Trust service revenues                                                                                                   163                  155                   495                     451
Credit fees                                                                                                              122                  107                   339                     308
Card revenues                                                                                                             32                   45                   104                     134
Deposit and payment service charges                                                                                       63                   69                   194                     200
Trading revenues (losses)                                                                                                 72                  251                   511                     584
Gains (losses) on non-trading securities, net                                                                             36                   15                    65                      72
Insurance revenues, net                                                                                                   34                   46                    98                     108
Foreign exchange revenues, other than trading                                                                             25                   27                    80                      73
Share in the net income of associates and joint ventures                                                                   7                    8                    23                      23
Other                                                                                                                     58                  137                    89                     220
                                                                                                                         872                1,093                 2,796                   2,857
Total revenues                                                                                                         1,968                1,948                 5,927                   5,517
Non-interest expenses
Compensation and employee benefits                                                                                       639                  648                 1,992                   1,871
Occupancy                                                                                                                 74                  107                   217                     232
Technology                                                                                                               187                  213                   532                     546
Communications                                                                                                            15                   14                    44                      46
Professional fees                                                                                                         59                   60                   176                     179
Other                                                                                                                    100                  112                   325                     332
                                                                                                                       1,074                1,154                 3,286                   3,206
Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes                                                              894                  794                 2,641                   2,311
Provisions for credit losses (Note 7)                                                                                    143                   86                   736                     258
Income before income taxes                                                                                               751                  708                 1,905                   2,053
Income taxes                                                                                                             149                  100                   314                     335
Net income                                                                                                               602                  608                 1,591                   1,718

Net income attributable to
Preferred shareholders                                                                                                    29                    29                   87                      87
Common shareholders                                                                                                      560                   562                1,464                   1,579
Bank shareholders                                                                                                        589                   591                1,551                   1,666
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                 13                    17                   40                      52
                                                                                                                         602                   608                1,591                   1,718

Earnings per share (dollars) (Note 18)
 Basic                                                                                                                  1.67                  1.68                 4.37                    4.71
 Diluted                                                                                                                1.66                  1.66                 4.34                    4.67
Dividends per common share (dollars) (Note 12)                                                                          0.71                  0.68                 2.13                    1.98
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements.

(1)   Net interest income includes dividend income. For additional information, see Note 1 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019.
                                                                                                                      Quarter ended July 31   Nine months ended July 31
                                                                                                                       2020          2019          2020           2019
Net income                                                                                                             602            608         1,591         1,718
Other comprehensive income, net of income taxes
 Items that may be subsequently reclassified to net income
   Net foreign currency translation adjustments
    Net unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) on investments in foreign operations                   (140)           (41)           52              1
    Net foreign currency translation (gains) losses on investments in foreign operations
     reclassified to net income                                                                                           −            (8)            −             (8)
    Impact of hedging net foreign currency translation gains (losses)                                                    52            15           (21)             2
    Impact of hedging net foreign currency translation (gains) losses reclassified to net income                          −             6             −              6
                                                                                                                        (88)          (28)           31              1
   Net change in debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income
    Net unrealized gains (losses) on debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income                  107             19           213            43
    Net (gains) losses on debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income
     reclassified to net income                                                                                         (65)          (22)         (133)           (45)
    Change in allowances for credit losses on debt securities at fair value through
     other comprehensive income reclassified to net income                                                              (1)              −            1              −
                                                                                                                        41              (3)          81             (2)
   Net change in cash flow hedges
    Net gains (losses) on derivative financial instruments designated as cash flow hedges                                 3            41          (297)         (104)
    Net (gains) losses on designated derivative financial instruments reclassified to net income                         (1)           (3)           (8)          (15)
                                                                                                                          2            38          (305)         (119)
   Share in the other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures                                              (1)            −             2             4
 Items that will not be subsequently reclassified to net income
   Remeasurements of pension plans and other post-employment benefit plans                                            (121)           (83)          135          (122)
   Net gains (losses) on equity securities designated at fair value through other comprehensive income                  19             (9)           (5)          (14)
   Net fair value change attributable to the credit risk on financial liabilities designated
    at fair value through profit or loss                                                                              (127)            (3)          (16)           (8)
                                                                                                                      (229)           (95)          114          (144)
Total other comprehensive income, net of income taxes                                                                 (275)           (88)          (77)         (260)
Comprehensive income                                                                                                   327            520         1,514         1,458
Comprehensive income attributable to
 Bank shareholders                                                                                                     320            505         1,472         1,406
 Non-controlling interests                                                                                               7             15            42            52
                                                                                                                       327            520         1,514         1,458
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements.
The following table presents the income tax expense or recovery for each component of other comprehensive income.
                                                                                                                      Quarter ended July 31   Nine months ended July 31
                                                                                                                       2020          2019          2020           2019

Net foreign currency translation adjustments
 Net unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) on investments in foreign operations                         4              (1)           (3)            1
 Net foreign currency translation (gains) losses on investments in foreign operations reclassified to net income         −              (1)            −            (1)
 Impact of hedging net foreign currency translation gains (losses)                                                      14               5            (6)            1
 Impact of hedging net foreign currency translation (gains) losses reclassified to net income                            −               2             −             2
                                                                                                                        18               5            (9)            3
Net change in debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income
 Net unrealized gains (losses) on debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income                      38              7            76            16
 Net (gains) losses on debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income
  reclassified to net income                                                                                            (23)            (8)         (48)          (16)
 Change in allowances for credit losses on debt securities at fair value through
  other comprehensive income reclassified to net income                                                                  −               −            1             −
                                                                                                                        15              (1)          29             −
Net change in cash flow hedges
 Net gains (losses) on derivative financial instruments designated as cash flow hedges                                    1            15          (107)          (37)
 Net (gains) losses on designated derivative financial instruments reclassified to net income                            (1)           (1)           (3)           (6)
                                                                                                                          −            14          (110)          (43)
Share in the other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures                                                  −             −             1             1
Remeasurements of pension plans and other post-employment benefit plans                                                 (44)          (30)           48           (44)
                                                                                                                                      (30)           48             −
Net gains (losses) on equity securities designated at fair value through other comprehensive income                       8            (1)           (1)           (3)
Net fair value change attributable to the credit risk on financial liabilities designated at
 fair value through profit or loss                                                                                      (46)           (1)           (6)           (3)
                                                                                                                        (49)          (14)          (48)          (89)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                                      Nine months ended July 31
                                                                                                                                   2020                   2019
Preferred shares at beginning and at end                                                                                         2,450                  2,450
Common shares at beginning (Note 12)                                                                                             2,949                  2,822
Issuances of common shares pursuant to the Stock Option Plan                                                                        96                     78
Repurchases of common shares for cancellation                                                                                       (5)                   (31)
Impact of shares purchased or sold for trading                                                                                       −                     45
Common shares at end                                                                                                             3,040                  2,914
Contributed surplus at beginning                                                                                                     51                     57
Stock option expense (Note 15)                                                                                                        7                      9
Stock options exercised                                                                                                             (11)                   (10)
Other                                                                                                                                 −                     (3)
Contributed surplus at end                                                                                                           47                     53
Retained earnings at beginning                                                                                                   9,312                  8,472
Impact of adopting IFRS 15 on November 1, 2018                                                                                       −                     (4)
Net income attributable to the Bank's shareholders                                                                               1,551                  1,666
Dividends on preferred shares (Note 12)                                                                                            (87)                   (87)
Dividends on common shares (Note 12)                                                                                              (715)                  (664)
Premium paid on common shares repurchased for cancellation                                                                         (25)                  (184)
Remeasurements of pension plans and other post-employment benefit plans                                                            135                   (122)
Net gains (losses) on equity securities designated at fair value through other comprehensive income                                 (5)                   (14)
Net fair value change attributable to the credit risk on financial liabilities
 designated at fair value through profit or loss                                                                                   (16)                    (8)
Impact of a financial liability resulting from put options written to non-controlling interests                                      −                    (12)
Other                                                                                                                                −                      1
Retained earnings at end                                                                                                        10,150                  9,044
Accumulated other comprehensive income at beginning                                                                                 16                    175
Net foreign currency translation adjustments                                                                                        29                      1
Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income                         81                     (2)
Net change in gains (losses) on cash flow hedges                                                                                  (305)                  (119)
Share in the other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures                                                             2                      4
Accumulated other comprehensive income at end                                                                                     (177)                    59
Equity attributable to the Bank's shareholders                                                                                  15,510                 14,520
Non-controlling interests at beginning (Note 13)                                                                                    358                   379
Redemption of trust units issued by NBC Asset Trust                                                                                (350)                    −
Net income attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                 40                    52
Other comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                  2                     −
Distributions to non-controlling interests                                                                                          (59)                  (56)
Non-controlling interests at end                                                                                                     (9)                  375
Equity                                                                                                                          15,501                 14,895



                                                                                                                      As at July 31, 2020    As at July 31, 2019
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Net foreign currency translation adjustments                                                                                         37                     15
Net unrealized gains (losses) on debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income                                    95                     11
Net gains (losses) on instruments designated as cash flow hedges                                                                   (311)                    32
Share in the other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures                                                              2                      1
                                                                                                                                   (177)                    59
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                                                                                    Nine months ended July 31
                                                                                                                                                                                  2020                 2019
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income                                                                                                                                                                     1,591                        1,718
Adjustments for
 Provisions for credit losses                                                                                                                                                     736                         258
 Amortization of premises and equipment including right-of-use assets                                                                                                             146                          92
 Amortization of intangible assets                                                                                                                                                189                         155
 Gain on disposal of shares of Fiera Capital Corporation (Note 6)                                                                                                                   −                         (79)
 Remeasurement at fair value of an investment (Note 6)                                                                                                                              −                          33
 Provisions for onerous contracts                                                                                                                                                   −                          45
 Gain on disposal of premises and equipment                                                                                                                                         −                         (50)
 Impairment losses on premises and equipment and on intangible assets                                                                                                               −                          57
 Deferred taxes                                                                                                                                                                   (77)                        (38)
 Losses (gains) on sales of non-trading securities, net                                                                                                                           (65)                        (72)
 Share in the net income of associates and joint ventures                                                                                                                         (23)                        (23)
 Stock option expense                                                                                                                                                               7                           9
Change in operating assets and liabilities
 Securities at fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                                             (10,997)                    (11,627)
 Securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowed                                                                                              5,012                       4,231
 Loans and acceptances, net of securitization                                                                                                                                 (9,102)                     (5,057)
 Deposits                                                                                                                                                                     15,912                      16,389
 Obligations related to securities sold short                                                                                                                                  3,759                      (3,863)
 Obligations related to securities sold under repurchase agreements and securities loaned                                                                                     13,979                        (234)
 Derivative financial instruments, net                                                                                                                                         1,956                         268
 Securitization – Credit card                                                                                                                                                   (846)                          1
 Interest and dividends receivable and interest payable                                                                                                                         (188)                        (70)
 Current tax assets and liabilities                                                                                                                                             (295)                       (135)
 Other items                                                                                                                                                                    (786)                        591
                                                                                                                                                                              20,908                       2,599
Cash flows from financing activities
Issuances of common shares (including the impact of shares purchased for trading)                                                                                                  85                          113
Repurchases of common shares for cancellation                                                                                                                                     (30)                        (215)
Redemption of trust units issued by NBC Asset Trust (Note 13)                                                                                                                    (350)                           −
Repayments of lease liabilities                                                                                                                                                   (68)                           −
Dividends paid                                                                                                                                                                 (1,029)                        (736)
Distributions to non-controlling interests                                                                                                                                        (59)                         (56)
                                                                                                                                                                               (1,451)                        (894)
Cash flows from investing activities
Disposal of shares of Fiera Capital Corporation                                                                                                                                    −                         128
Disposal of premises and equipment                                                                                                                                                 −                         187
Net change in investments in associates and joint ventures                                                                                                                       (12)                        (16)
Purchases of non-trading securities                                                                                                                                          (14,617)                    (10,689)
Maturities of non-trading securities                                                                                                                                           1,428                         829
Sales of non-trading securities                                                                                                                                                9,421                       6,927
Net change in premises and equipment                                                                                                                                            (138)                        (96)
Net change in intangible assets                                                                                                                                                 (246)                       (262)
                                                                                                                                                                              (4,164)                     (2,992)
Impact of currency rate movements on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                    87                          83
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                              15,380                      (1,204)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning                                                                                                                                        13,698                      12,756
Cash and cash equivalents at end(1)                                                                                                                                           29,078                      11,552
Supplementary information about cash flows from operating activities
Interest paid                                                                                                                                                                  2,978                        3,479
Interest and dividends received                                                                                                                                                5,921                        6,069
Income taxes paid                                                                                                                                                                497                          291
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements.

(1)   This item is the equivalent of Consolidated Balance Sheet item Cash and deposits with financial institutions. It includes an amount of $5.6 billion as at July 31, 2020 ($4.1 billion as at October 31, 2019) for
      which there are restrictions.
 Note 1    Basis of Presentation                                           55      Note 11   Other Liabilities                                              79
 Note 2    Accounting Policy Changes                                       56      Note 12   Share Capital                                                  80
 Note 3    Future Accounting Policy Changes                                58      Note 13   Non-Controlling Interests                                      81
 Note 4    Fair Value of Financial Instruments                             59      Note 14   Capital Disclosure                                             81
 Note 5    Financial Instruments Designated at Fair Value Through                  Note 15   Share-Based Payments                                           82
             Profit or Loss                                                64      Note 16   Employee Benefits – Pension Plans and Other
 Note 6    Securities                                                      65                  Post-Employment Benefits                                     83
 Note 7    Loans and Allowances for Credit Losses                          66      Note 17   Income Taxes                                                   84
 Note 8    Financial Assets Transferred But Not Derecognized               78      Note 18   Earnings Per Share                                             84
 Note 9    Other Assets                                                    79      Note 19   Contingent Liabilities                                         85
 Note 10   Deposits                                                        79      Note 20   Segment Disclosures                                            86




On August 25, 2020, the Board of Directors authorized the publication of the Bank’s unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements (the
consolidated financial statements) for the quarter and nine-month period ended July 31, 2020.

The Bank’s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The financial statements also comply with section 308(4) of the Bank Act (Canada), which states that, except
as otherwise specified by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (Canada) (OSFI), the consolidated financial statements are to be prepared in
accordance with IFRS. IFRS represent Canadian generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). None of the OSFI accounting requirements are exceptions to
IFRS.

These consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with IAS 34 – Interim Financial Reporting and using the same accounting policies as
those described in Note 1 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019, except for the changes described in
Note 2 to these consolidated financial statements, which have been applied since November 1, 2019 following the Bank’s adoption of IFRS 16 – Leases as well
as its early adoption of amendments to IFRS 7 and IAS 39 arising from the first phase of the interest rate benchmark reform project.

As permitted by the transitional provisions of IFRS 16, the Bank elected to apply IFRS 16 using the modified retrospective basis, with no restatement of
comparative periods. Note 2 to these consolidated financial statements presents the impacts of IFRS 16 adoption on the Bank’s Consolidated Balance Sheet as
at November 1, 2019 and additional information on adoption of IFRS 16. Since interim consolidated financial statements do not include all the annual financial
statement disclosures required under IFRS, they should be read in conjunction with the audited annual consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes for the year ended October 31, 2019.

During the quarter ended July 31, 2020, the Bank modified the presentation of the Consolidated Statement of Income by adding a subtotal Income before
provisions for credit losses and income taxes. Following this change, the Provisions for credit losses item was moved below this new subtotal and the
comparative figures for the quarter and nine-month period ended July 31, 2019 were adjusted accordingly.

Unless otherwise indicated, all amounts are expressed in Canadian dollars, which is the Bank’s functional and presentation currency.

COVID-19 Pandemic Considerations
Some of the Bank’s accounting policies require subjective and complex judgments and estimates, as they relate to matters that are inherently uncertain. See
Note 1 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019 for a summary of the most significant estimation
processes used to prepare the consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS and for the measurement techniques used to determine carrying
values and fair values of assets and liabilities.
On March 11, 2020, COVID-19 was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization. As a result of the heightened uncertainty associated with the
unprecedented nature of the COVID-19 pandemic, developing reliable estimates and applying judgment has become even more challenging. ECL accounting
has become particularly difficult in the current circumstances and requires significant judgment. The ECL model is forward-looking and is based on a
probability-weighted approach. Measurement of ECLs at each reporting period reflects reasonable and supportable information about past events, current
conditions, and forecasts of future events and economic conditions. During this period of greater economic uncertainty, it is very difficult to forecast future
events and the macroeconomic inputs used in ECL modelling. Determining macroeconomic scenarios and assigning probabilities to these scenarios requires
significant judgment. Consideration is given both to the effects of COVID-19 and the significant government support measures. The Bank applies expert credit
judgment to adjust modelled ECL results when it becomes evident that known or expected risk factors and information were not considered in the credit rating
and modelling process. As a result of COVID-19 and the recent economic downturn, significant measurement uncertainty exists in determining ECLs, and
measurement is subject to significant judgment. The uncertainty regarding key inputs used in measuring ECLs is outlined in Note 7 to these consolidated
financial statements.

In response to the economic impact of COVID-19, the Canadian government has established, among other financial relief programs, the Canada Emergency
Business Account (CEBA) program to provide interest-free loans of up to $40,000 for small and medium-sized businesses and non-profit organizations. The
Bank and several other financial institutions are authorized to implement the CEBA program in cooperation with Export Development Canada. This program is
guaranteed by the Government of Canada and aims to help businesses cope with the economic challenges resulting from the COVID-19 crisis. Loans made by
the Bank to its business clients under CEBA are not recognized on the Bank’s Consolidated Balance Sheet, since the conditions of a qualifying pass-through
arrangement have been met and the Bank has determined that substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the loans have been transferred to the
Canadian government. The Bank receives an administration fee as reimbursement for the costs of administering this Canadian government program and this
fee is recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income as a reduction of Non-interest expenses – Other.




The Bank adopted the following new and amended standards on November 1, 2019.

IFRS 16 – Leases
IFRS 16 introduces a single on-balance-sheet accounting model for lessees. As for lessors, IFRS 16 substantially carries forward the lessor accounting in the
previous accounting standard, with the distinction between operating leases and finance leases being retained. Changes in accounting policies resulting from
the adoption of IFRS 16 on November 1, 2019 are described hereafter.

At the inception date of a contract, the Bank assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if it conveys the right to
control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. When the Bank is a lessee, it recognizes a right-of-use asset and a
corresponding lease liability at the lease commencement date except for short-term leases (defined as leases with terms of 12 months or less) other than real
estate leases and leases for which the underlying asset is of low value. For such leases, the Bank recognizes the lease payments as a non-interest expense on
a straight-line basis over the lease term. As a practical expedient, the Bank elected for real estate leases not to separate non-lease components from lease
components and instead account for them as a single lease component.

Right-of-Use Assets
Right-of-use assets are initially measured at cost, and subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for
certain remeasurements of lease liabilities. The cost of a right-of-use asset comprises the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability, any lease
payments made at or before the commencement date, any initial direct costs incurred when entering into the lease, and an estimate of costs to dismantle the
asset or restore the site, less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the lesser of the lease term and the useful life of the
asset.

Right-of-use assets are presented in Premises and equipment on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The depreciation expense and impairment losses, if any, are
recorded in Non-interest expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Income.
Lease Liabilities
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of future lease payments net of lease incentives not yet received. The present value of lease
payments is determined using the Bank’s incremental borrowing rate. The lease liability is subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective
interest method. In determining the lease term, the Bank considers all the facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise an extension
option or not to exercise a termination option. The lease term determined by the Bank comprises the non-cancellable period of lease contracts, the periods
covered by an option to extend the lease if the Bank is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and the periods covered by an option to terminate the lease if
the Bank is reasonably certain not to exercise that option. The Bank reassesses the lease term if a significant event or change in circumstances occurs and that
is within its control. The Bank applies judgment to determine the lease term when the lease includes extension and termination options.

Lease liabilities are presented in Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and the interest expense is presented in the Interest expense – Other
item of the Consolidated Statement of Income.

Impact of IFRS 16 Adoption
On November 1, 2019, the Bank adopted IFRS 16. As a result, the Bank recognized right-of-use assets of $648 million ($668 million reduced by provisions for
onerous lease contracts of $20 million previously recorded in Other liabilities – Other items as at October 31, 2019) and lease liabilities of $668 million.

On transition, for leases previously classified as operating leases, lease liabilities were measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments and
discounted using the Bank’s incremental borrowing rate as at November 1, 2019. The Bank’s weighted average incremental borrowing rate on the total lease
liability as at November 1, 2019 was 2.77%. Right-of-use assets were measured at an amount equal to the lease liability and reduced by the amount of the
provisions for onerous contracts recorded as at October 31, 2019.

The Bank used the following practical expedients when applying IFRS 16 to leases previously classified as operating leases. The Bank:

•   excluded initial direct costs from the measurement of the right-of-use assets at the date of initial application;
•   relied on previous assessments of whether or not a lease is an onerous contract;
•   did not separate lease components and non-lease components and treated them as a single lease component;
•   applied the recognition exemption to leases for which the lease term ends within 12 months of the transition date and to leases for which the underlying
    asset is of low value; and
•   elected not to apply IFRS 16 to leases of intangible assets.

The following table presents a reconciliation of the Bank’s operating lease commitments as at October 31, 2019 to the lease liabilities recognized as at
November 1, 2019.


Operating lease commitments as at October 31, 2019                                                                                                         691
Extension and termination options reasonably certain to be exercised                                                                                        70
Impact of discounting using the Bank's incremental borrowing rate as at November 1, 2019                                                                   (93)
Lease liabilities recognized as at November 1, 2019                                                                                                        668

As at July 31, 2020, the amount of the right-of-use assets presented in Premises and equipment was $611 million and the amount of lease liabilities presented
in Other liabilities was $638 million. For the quarter ended July 31, 2020, the Bank recognized a $25 million depreciation expense on right-of-use assets in
Non-interest expenses – Occupancy ($74 million for the nine-month period ended July 31, 2020) and a $4 million interest expense on lease liabilities in
Interest expense – Other ($13 million for the nine-month period ended July 31, 2020).
Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
Phase 1
In September 2019, in response to uncertainty arising from the phasing-out of benchmark interest rates such as interbank offered rates (IBORs), the IASB
issued amendments to its new and former financial instrument standards, IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments and IAS 39 – Financial Instruments: Recognition and
Measurement as well as to the related standard on disclosures, IFRS 7 – Financial Instruments: Disclosure. On November 1, 2019, the Bank early adopted the
amendments to IFRS 7 and IAS 39. When the Bank had adopted IFRS 9 on November 1, 2017, it had made an accounting policy choice to continue applying the
IAS 39 hedge accounting requirements.

The amendments to IAS 39 provide temporary relief from applying specific hedge accounting requirements to all hedging relationships directly affected by
interest rate benchmark reform. A hedging relationship is affected by interest rate benchmark reform if the reform gives rise to uncertainties about (a) the
interest rate benchmark (contractually or non-contractually specified) designated as a hedged risk; and/or (b) the timing or the amount of interest rate
benchmark-based cash flows of the hedged item or of the hedging instrument. The amendments modify specific hedge accounting requirements so that
entities would apply those hedge accounting requirements assuming that the interest rate benchmark is not altered as a result of the interest rate benchmark
reform, thereby allowing hedge accounting to continue during the period of uncertainty prior to the transition to alternative benchmark rates. Mandatory
application of the amendments ends at the earlier of the following: when the uncertainty arising from interest rate benchmark reform is no longer present and
when the hedging relationship is discontinued.

For the Bank, the effective date of these amendments is November 1, 2020. However, early adoption is permitted. For additional information, see Note 17 to
the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019.

Phase 2
In April 2020, the IASB issued an exposure draft related to the second phase of the interest rate benchmark reform project, which addresses issues that might
affect financial reporting once existing benchmark rates are replaced with alternative benchmark rates. The exposure draft sets out proposals for amendments
to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 – Insurance Contracts and IFRS 16. The exposure draft proposes amendments to the following areas: modifications of financial
assets, financial liabilities and lease liabilities, hedge accounting, and disclosures.

The effective date for the amendments will be annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2021, with early application permitted. The IASB plans to issue
final amendments in August 2020.




The Bank closely monitors both new accounting standards and amendments to existing accounting standards issued by the IASB. The following standards
have been issued but are not yet effective. The Bank is currently assessing the impact of the application of these standards on the consolidated financial
statements.

Effective Date – November 1, 2020
Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting
On March 29, 2018, the IASB published Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting to replace its 2010 conceptual framework. For the IASB, the revised
conceptual framework has been in effect since its publication date.

Effective Date – November 1, 2023
IFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts
In May 2017, the IASB issued IFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts, a new standard that replaces IFRS 4, the current insurance contract accounting standard. IFRS 17
introduces a new accounting framework that will improve the comparability and quality of financial information. IFRS 17 provides guidance on the recognition,
measurement, presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts. In June 2020, amendments to IFRS 17 were issued and included a two-year deferral of the
effective date along with other changes aimed at addressing concerns and implementation challenges identified after IFRS 17 was published in 2017. IFRS 17,
as amended, is effective retrospectively for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, with earlier application permitted. If full retrospective
application to a group of insurance contracts is impractical, the modified retrospective approach or the fair value approach may be used.
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value or at amortized cost in accordance with the categories
set out in the accounting framework for financial instruments.

                                                                                                                                                                 As at July 31, 2020
                                                                                                                                   Carrying             Fair
                                                                                                 Carrying value and fair value        value           value
                                                           Financial         Financial    Debt securities Equity securities
                                                        instruments       instruments     classified as at designated at fair
                                                     classified as at   designated at           fair value      value through     Financial        Financial
                                                           fair value        fair value    through other                 other instruments     instruments         Total      Total
                                                      through profit    through profit    comprehensive       comprehensive at amortized       at amortized     carrying        fair
                                                              or loss           or loss           income               income      cost, net       cost, net       value      value


Financial assets
 Cash and deposits with financial
  institutions                                                    −                 −                  −                   −       29,078          29,078       29,078      29,078
 Securities                                                 69,678             3,142            13,110                  607        11,075          11,305       97,612      97,842
 Securities purchased under reverse
  repurchase agreements
  and securities borrowed                                         −                 −                  −                   −       12,711          12,711       12,711      12,711
 Loans and acceptances, net of allowances                    7,726                  −                  −                   −     154,027         156,957       161,753     164,683
 Other
 Derivative financial instruments                           13,467                  −                  −                   −            −               −       13,467      13,467
 Other assets                                                    −                  −                  −                   −        1,323           1,323        1,323       1,323
Financial liabilities                                            −                  −                  −                   −            −               −            −           −
 Deposits                                                         −          11,040                                              194,438 (1)     195,407       205,478     206,447
 Other
 Acceptances                                                     −                  −                                               6,737           6,737        6,737       6,737
 Obligations related to securities sold short               16,608                  −                                                   −               −       16,608      16,608
 Obligations related to securities sold under
  repurchase agreements and
  securities loaned                                              −                 −                                               35,879          35,879       35,879      35,879
 Derivative financial instruments                           14,146                 −                                                    −               −       14,146      14,146
 Liabilities related to transferred receivables                  −             7,734                                               13,926          14,295       21,660      22,029
 Other liabilities                                               −                 −                                                2,075           2,077        2,075       2,077
 Subordinated debt                                                −                 −                                                 777             785          777        785

(1)   Includes embedded derivative financial instruments.
                                                                                                                                                               As at October 31, 2019
                                                                                                                                   Carrying             Fair
                                                                                                 Carrying value and fair value        value           value
                                                           Financial         Financial    Debt securities Equity securities
                                                        instruments       instruments     classified as at designated at fair
                                                     classified as at   designated at           fair value      value through     Financial        Financial
                                                           fair value        fair value    through other                 other instruments     instruments          Total      Total
                                                      through profit    through profit    comprehensive       comprehensive at amortized       at amortized      carrying        fair
                                                              or loss           or loss           income               income      cost, net       cost, net        value      value

Financial assets
 Cash and deposits with financial
  institutions                                                    −                 −                  −                   −       13,698          13,698       13,698       13,698
 Securities                                                 58,556             3,267            10,026                  622         9,755           9,824       82,226       82,295
 Securities purchased under reverse
  repurchase agreements
  and securities borrowed                                         −                87                  −                   −       17,636          17,636       17,723       17,723
 Loans and acceptances, net of allowances                    6,798                  −                  −                   −     146,453         147,051       153,251      153,849
                                                                                                       −
 Other
 Derivative financial instruments                            8,129                  −                  −                   −            −               −         8,129       8,129
 Other assets                                                    −                  −                  −                   −        1,193           1,193         1,193       1,193
Financial liabilities
 Deposits                                                         −          11,203                                              178,363 (1)     178,861       189,566      190,064
 Other
 Acceptances                                                     −                  −                                               6,893           6,893        6,893        6,893
 Obligations related to securities sold short               12,849                  −                                                   −               −       12,849       12,849
 Obligations related to securities sold under
  repurchase agreements and
  securities loaned                                              −                 −                                               21,900          21,900       21,900       21,900
 Derivative financial instruments                            6,852                 −                                                    −               −        6,852        6,852
 Liabilities related to transferred receivables                  −             8,215                                               13,097          13,186       21,312       21,401
 Other liabilities                                              24                 −                                                3,018           3,019        3,042        3,043
 Subordinated debt                                                −                 −                                                 773             765           773         765

(1)   Includes embedded derivative financial instruments.




The fair value of a financial instrument is the price that would be received to sell a financial asset or paid to transfer a financial liability in an orderly transaction
in the principal market at the measurement date under current market conditions (i.e., an exit price).

Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets provide the best evidence of fair value. When there is no quoted price in an active market, the Bank applies other
valuation techniques that maximize the use of relevant observable inputs and that minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Such valuation techniques include
the following: using information available from recent market transactions, referring to the current fair value of a comparable financial instrument, applying
discounted cash flow analysis, applying option pricing models, or relying on any other valuation technique that is commonly used by market participants and
has proven to yield reliable estimates. Judgment is required when applying many of the valuation techniques. The Bank’s valuation was based on its
assessment of the conditions prevailing as at July 31, 2020 and may change in the future. Furthermore, there may be valuation uncertainty resulting from the
choice of valuation model used.

Fair value is established in accordance with a rigorous control framework. The Bank has policies and procedures that govern the process for determining fair
value. The Bank’s valuation governance structure has remained largely unchanged from that described in Note 3 to the audited annual consolidated financial
statements for the year ended October 31, 2019. The valuation techniques used to determine the fair value of financial assets and liabilities are also described
in this note, and no significant changes have been made to the valuation techniques.
Hierarchy of Fair Value Measurements
IFRS establishes a fair value measurement hierarchy that classifies the inputs used in financial instrument fair value measurement techniques according to
three levels. This fair value hierarchy requires observable market inputs to be used whenever such inputs exist. According to the hierarchy, the highest level of
inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments and the lowest level of inputs are unobservable inputs. If inputs from different
levels of the hierarchy are used, the financial instrument is classified in the same level as the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
measurement. For additional information, see Note 3 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019.

Transfers of financial instruments between Levels 1 and 2 and transfers to (or from) Level 3 are deemed to have taken place at the beginning of the quarter in
which the transfer occurred. Significant transfers can occur between the fair value hierarchy levels due to new information about the inputs used to determine
fair value and the observable nature of those inputs.

During the quarter ended July 31, 2020, $3 million in securities classified as at fair value through profit or loss were transferred from Level 2 to Level 1
resulting from changing market conditions ($9 million in securities classified as at fair value through profit or loss during the quarter ended July 31, 2019).
Also during the quarter ended July 31, 2020, $2 million in securities classified as at fair value through profit or loss were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2
resulting from changing market conditions ($1 million in securities classified as at fair value through profit or loss during the quarter ended July 31, 2019).
During the nine-month periods ended July 31, 2020 and 2019, financial instruments were transferred to (or from) Level 3 due to changes in the availability of
observable market inputs resulting from changing market conditions.

The following tables show financial instruments recorded at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheet according to the fair value hierarchy.

                                                                                                                                               As at July 31, 2020
                                                                                                                                                    Total financial
                                                                                                                                                assets/liabilities
                                                                                                   Level 1           Level 2           Level 3         at fair value

Financial assets
 Securities
   At fair value through profit or loss
    Securities issued or guaranteed by
     Canadian government                                                                           2,572             7,817                 −              10,389
     Canadian provincial and municipal governments                                                     −             9,485                 −               9,485
     U.S. Treasury, other U.S. agencies and other foreign governments                              9,002             1,145                 −              10,147
    Other debt securities                                                                              −             2,147                40               2,187
    Equity securities                                                                             39,837               363               412              40,612
                                                                                                  51,411            20,957               452              72,820
  At fair value through other comprehensive income
   Securities issued or guaranteed by
    Canadian government                                                                            1,573             3,662                 −               5,235
    Canadian provincial and municipal governments                                                      −             4,628                 −               4,628
    U.S. Treasury, other U.S. agencies and other foreign governments                               1,784                98                 −               1,882
   Other debt securities                                                                               −             1,365                 −               1,365
   Equity securities                                                                                   −               236               371                 607
                                                                                                   3,357             9,989               371              13,717
 Loans                                                                                                 −             7,291               435                7,726
 Other
  Derivative financial instruments                                                                   119            13,308                40              13,467
                                                                                                  54,887            51,545             1,298             107,730
Financial liabilities
 Deposits                                                                                              −            11,212                19              11,231
 Other
  Obligations related to securities sold short                                                    12,537             4,071                 −              16,608
  Derivative financial instruments                                                                   151            13,986                 9              14,146
  Liabilities related to transferred receivables                                                       −             7,734                 −               7,734
                                                                                                  12,688            37,003                28              49,719
                                                                                                                                         As at October 31, 2019
                                                                                                                                                  Total financial
                                                                                                                                               assets/liabilities
                                                                                                  Level 1          Level 2           Level 3        at fair value

Financial assets
 Securities
   At fair value through profit or loss
    Securities issued or guaranteed by
     Canadian government                                                                         2,102             8,321                 −              10,423
     Canadian provincial and municipal governments                                                   −             6,762                 −               6,762
     U.S. Treasury, other U.S. agencies and other foreign governments                            1,770                90                 −               1,860
    Other debt securities                                                                            −             2,666                27               2,693
    Equity securities                                                                           38,836               818               431              40,085
                                                                                                42,708            18,657               458              61,823
  At fair value through other comprehensive income
   Securities issued or guaranteed by
    Canadian government                                                                             196            4,236                 −               4,432
    Canadian provincial and municipal governments                                                     −            1,674                 −               1,674
    U.S. Treasury, other U.S. agencies and other foreign governments                              3,471               75                 −               3,546
   Other debt securities                                                                              −              374                 −                 374
   Equity securities                                                                                 53              207               362                 622
                                                                                                  3,720            6,566               362              10,648
 Securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and
  securities borrowed                                                                                 −               87                 −                   87
 Loans                                                                                                −            6,438               360               6,798
 Other
  Derivative financial instruments                                                                 179             7,924                26               8,129
                                                                                                46,607            39,672             1,206              87,485
Financial liabilities
 Deposits                                                                                             −           11,383                 −              11,383
 Other
  Obligations related to securities sold short                                                    8,352            4,497                 −              12,849
  Derivative financial instruments                                                                  156            6,674                22               6,852
  Liabilities related to transferred receivables                                                      −            8,215                 −               8,215
  Other liabilities                                                                                   −               24                 −                  24
                                                                                                  8,508           30,793                22              39,323




The Bank classifies financial instruments in Level 3 when the valuation technique is based on at least one significant input that is not observable in the
markets. The Bank maximizes the use of observable inputs to determine the fair value of financial instruments.

For a description of the valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used in determining the fair value of financial instruments classified in
Level 3, see Note 3 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019. For the quarter and nine-month period ended
July 31, 2020, no significant change was made to the valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used in determining fair value.

Sensitivity Analysis of Financial Instruments Classified in Level 3
The Bank performs sensitivity analyses on the fair value measurements of financial instruments classified in Level 3, substituting unobservable inputs with one
or more reasonably possible alternative assumptions. For additional information on how a change in an unobservable input might affect the fair value
measurements of Level 3 financial instruments, see Note 3 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019. For
the nine-month period ended July 31, 2020, there were no significant changes in the sensitivity analyses of Level 3 financial instruments.
Change in the Fair Value of Financial Instruments Classified in Level 3
The Bank may hedge the fair value of financial instruments classified in the various levels through offsetting hedge positions. Gains and losses for financial
instruments classified in Level 3 presented in the following tables do not reflect the inverse gains and losses on financial instruments used for economic
hedging purposes that may have been classified in Levels 1 or 2 by the Bank. In addition, the Bank may hedge the fair value of financial instruments classified
in Level 3 using other financial instruments classified in Level 3. The effect of these hedges is not included in the net amount presented in the following tables.
The gains and losses presented hereafter may comprise changes in fair value based on observable and unobservable inputs.

                                                                                                                                                           Nine months ended July 31, 2020
                                                                                                                       Securities
                                                                                                  Securities         at fair value
                                                                                                at fair value      through other                                Derivative
                                                                                              through profit      comprehensive                                  financial
                                                                                                      or loss             income                Loans       instruments(1)           Deposits

Fair value as at October 31, 2019                                                                      458                   362                 360                    4                   −
Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) included in Net income (2)                                (12)                    −                 (20)                  (7)                  4
Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) included in
  Other comprehensive income                                                                             −                     9                   −                   −                    −
Purchases                                                                                               21                     −                   −                   −                    −
Sales                                                                                                  (15)                    −                   −                   −                    −
Issuances                                                                                                −                     −                  12                   −                  (18)
Settlements and other                                                                                    −                     −                 (94)                  4                    −
Financial instruments transferred into Level 3                                                           −                     −                 177                  29                   (9)
Financial instruments transferred out of Level 3                                                         −                     −                   −                   1                    4
Fair value as at July 31, 2020                                                                         452                   371                 435                  31                  (19)
Change in unrealized gains and losses included in Net income with respect
 to financial assets and financial liabilities held as at July 31, 2020(3)                                1                     −                (20)                  (7)                  4



                                                                                                                                                           Nine months ended July 31, 2019
                                                                                                                       Securities
                                                                                                  Securities         at fair value
                                                                                                at fair value      through other                               Derivative
                                                                                              through profit      comprehensive                                 financial
                                                                                                      or loss             income               Loans       instruments(1)           Deposits

Fair value as at October 31, 2018                                                                      313                  233                 386                   (7)                (11)
Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) included in Net income (4)                                  1                    −                  18                   16                   −
Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) included in
  Other comprehensive income                                                                             −                   (2)                  −                    −                   −
Purchases(5)                                                                                           117                  132                   −                    −                   −
Sales                                                                                                  (38)                   −                   −                    −                   −
Issuances                                                                                                −                    −                   4                    −                   −
Settlements and other                                                                                    −                    −                 (42)                   3                   −
Financial instruments transferred into Level 3                                                           −                    −                   −                  (10)                  −
Financial instruments transferred out of Level 3                                                         −                    −                   −                    3                  11
Fair value as at July 31, 2019                                                                         393                  363                 366                    5                   −
Change in unrealized gains and losses included in Net income with respect
 to financial assets and financial liabilities held as at July 31, 2019(6)                               (6)                   −                  18                  16                   −

(1)   The derivative financial instruments include assets and liabilities presented on a net basis.
(2)   Total gains (losses) included in Non-interest income was a loss of $35 million.
(3)   Total unrealized gains (losses) included in Non-interest income was an unrealized loss of $22 million.
(4)   Total gains (losses) included in Non-interest income was a gain of $35 million.
(5)   On June 30, 2019, the Bank concluded that it had lost significant influence over NSIA Participations (NSIA), an associate entity in the Ivory Coast, and therefore ceased using the equity
      method to account for the investment. The Bank designated its investment in NSIA as a financial asset (securities) measured at fair value through other comprehensive income in an amount
      of $128 million.
(6)   Total unrealized gains (losses) included in Non-interest income was an unrealized gain of $28 million.
The Bank chose to designate certain financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss according to the criteria presented in Note 1 to the audited annual
consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019. Consistent with its risk management strategy and under the fair value option, which
permits the designation if it eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would otherwise arise from measuring
financial assets and liabilities or recognizing gains and losses thereon on different bases, the Bank designated at fair value through profit or loss certain
securities, certain securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements, and certain liabilities related to transferred receivables. The fair value of
liabilities related to transferred receivables does not include credit risk, as the holders of these liabilities are not exposed to the Bank’s credit risk. The Bank
also designated certain deposits that include embedded derivative financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss.

To determine a change in fair value arising from a change in the credit risk of deposits designated at fair value through profit or loss, the Bank calculates, at
the beginning of the period, the present value of the instrument’s contractual cash flows using the following rates: first, using an observed discount rate for
similar securities that reflects the Bank’s credit spread and, then, using a rate that excludes the Bank’s credit spread. The difference obtained between the two
values is then compared to the difference obtained using the same rates at the end of the period.

Information about the financial assets and financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss is provided in the following tables.

                                                                                                                                                            Unrealized
                                                                                                                                  Unrealized         gains (losses) for                Unrealized
                                                                                                           Carrying        gains (losses) for         the nine months       gains (losses) since
                                                                                                        value as at       the quarter ended                     ended     the initial recognition
                                                                                                     July 31, 2020             July 31, 2020             July 31, 2020         of the instrument

Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
 Securities                                                                                                 3,142                          6                        81                      106

Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
 Deposits(1)(2)                                                                                           11,040                        (444)                      573                      528
 Liabilities related to transferred receivables                                                            7,734                          (9)                     (175)                    (248)
.
                                                                                                          18,774                        (453)                      398                      280


                                                                                                                                                            Unrealized
                                                                                                                                  Unrealized         gains (losses) for                Unrealized
                                                                                                           Carrying        gains (losses) for         the nine months       gains (losses) since
                                                                                                        value as at       the quarter ended                     ended     the initial recognition
                                                                                                     July 31, 2019             July 31, 2019             July 31, 2019         of the instrument

Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
 Securities                                                                                                 3,242                         15                        86                        20
 Securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements                                                     145                          −                         −                         −
                                                                                                            3,387                         15                        86                        20

Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
 Deposits(1)(2)                                                                                           11,161                         (29)                    (722)                     (132)
 Liabilities related to transferred receivables                                                            7,388                         (14)                    (161)                      (73)
                                                                                                          18,549                         (43)                    (883)                     (205)

(1)   For the quarter ended July 31, 2020, the change in the fair value of deposits designated at fair value through profit or loss attributable to credit risk, and recorded in Other comprehensive
      income, resulted in a loss of $173 million ($4 million loss for the quarter ended July 31, 2019). For the nine-month period ended July 31, 2020, the corresponding change in this item
      resulted in a loss of $22 million ($11 million loss for the nine-month period ended July 31, 2019).
(2)   The amount at maturity that the Bank will be contractually required to pay to the holders of these deposits varies and will differ from the reporting date fair value.
As at July 31, 2020 and as at October 31, 2019, securities at fair value through other comprehensive income and securities at amortized cost are classified in
Stage 1, with their credit quality falling mainly in the “Excellent” category according to the Bank’s internal risk-rating categories. For additional information on
the reconciliation of allowances for credit losses, see Note 7 to these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                                               As at July 31, 2020
                                                                                                                  Amortized       Gross unrealized        Gross unrealized                Carrying
                                                                                                                       cost                 gains                   losses                 value(1)

Securities issued or guaranteed by
 Canadian government                                                                                                 5,121                     114                       −                 5,235
 Canadian provincial and municipal governments                                                                       4,447                     181                       −                 4,628
 U.S. Treasury, other U.S. agencies and other foreign governments                                                    1,860                      22                       −                 1,882
Other debt securities                                                                                                1,305                      60                       −                 1,365
Equity securities                                                                                                      626                      10                     (29)                  607
                                                                                                                    13,359                     387                     (29)               13,717

                                                                                                                                                                         As at October 31, 2019
                                                                                                                  Amortized       Gross unrealized        Gross unrealized              Carrying
                                                                                                                       cost                 gains                   losses               value(1)

Securities issued or guaranteed by
 Canadian government                                                                                                 4,411                      26                      (5)                4,432
 Canadian provincial and municipal governments                                                                       1,614                      60                       −                 1,674
 U.S. Treasury, other U.S. agencies and other foreign governments                                                    3,521                      25                       −                 3,546
Other debt securities                                                                                                  364                      11                      (1)                  374
Equity securities                                                                                                      649                       2                     (29)                  622
                                                                                                                    10,559                     124                     (35)               10,648

(1)   The allowances for credit losses on securities at fair value through other comprehensive income, representing an amount of $2 million as at July 31, 2020 (a negligible amount as at
      October 31, 2019), are reported in Other comprehensive income. For additional information, see Note 7 to these consolidated financial statements.


Equity Securities Designated at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income
The Bank designated certain equity securities, the business objective of which is to generate dividend income, at fair value through other comprehensive
income without subsequent reclassification of gains and losses to net income.

During the nine-month period ended July 31, 2020, an amount of $14 million in dividend income was recognized for these investments ($13 million for the
nine-month period ended July 31, 2019), including an amount of $2 million in dividend income for investments that were sold during the nine-month period
ended July 31, 2020 (negligible amount for investments sold during the nine-month period ended July 31, 2019).

                                                                                     Nine months ended July 31, 2020                                          Nine months ended July 31, 2019
                                                     Equity securities of     Equity securities of                             Equity securities of    Equity securities of
                                                      private companies        public companies                 Total           private companies       public companies                 Total
Fair value at beginning                                              362                      260                    622                      233                      118                    351
 Change in fair value                                                  9                      (15)                    (6)                      (2)                     (15)                   (17)
 Designated at fair value through
  other comprehensive income(1)(2)                                     −                       81                     81                      132                      179                    311
 Sales(3)                                                              −                      (90)                   (90)                       −                      (45)                   (45)
Fair value at end                                                    371                      236                    607                      363                      237                    600

(1)   On June 30, 2019, the Bank concluded that it had lost significant influence over NSIA Participations (NSIA), an associate entity in the Ivory Coast, and therefore ceased using the equity
      method to account for this investment. The Bank had designated its investment in NSIA as a financial asset measured at fair value through other comprehensive income in an amount of
      $128 million. Following the fair value measurement, a $33 million loss was recorded in the Non-interest income – Other item of the Consolidated Statement of Income and reported in the
      Other heading of segment results.
(2)   On May 9, 2019, after disposing of a portion of its investment in Fiera Capital Corporation, the Bank designated the retained interest as a financial asset measured at fair value through other
      comprehensive income.
(3)   The Bank disposed of public company equity securities for economic reasons.
                                                                                                                        As at July 31, 2020   As at October 31, 2019
Securities issued or guaranteed by
 Canadian government                                                                                                               6,039                     5,248
 Canadian provincial and municipal governments                                                                                     2,443                     1,788
 U.S. Treasury, other U.S. agencies and other foreign governments                                                                     21                       139
Other debt securities                                                                                                              2,573                     2,581
Gross carrying value                                                                                                              11,076                     9,756
Allowances for credit losses                                                                                                           1                         1
Carrying value                                                                                                                    11,075                     9,755




During the nine-month periods ended July 31, 2020 and 2019, the Bank sold certain debt securities measured at amortized cost. The carrying value of these
securities upon disposal was $101 million for the nine-month period ended July 31, 2020 ($461 million for the nine-month period ended July 31, 2019), and
the Bank had recognized gains of $5 million for the nine-month period ended July 31, 2020 (negligible amount for the nine-month period ended July 31, 2019)
in Non-interest income – Gains (losses) on non-trading securities, net in the Consolidated Statement of Income.




Determining Expected Credit Losses
Expected credit losses are determined using a three-stage impairment approach that is based on the change in the credit quality of financial assets since initial
recognition.

Stage 1
Financial assets that have experienced no significant increase in credit risk between initial recognition and the reporting date and for which 12-month
expected credit losses are recorded at the reporting date are classified in Stage 1.

Stage 2
Financial assets that have experienced a significant increase in credit risk between initial recognition and the reporting date, and for which lifetime expected
credit losses are recorded at the reporting date, are classified in Stage 2.

Stage 3
Financial assets for which there is objective evidence of impairment, for which one or more events have had a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash
flows of these financial assets at the reporting date, and for which lifetime expected credit losses are recorded, are classified in Stage 3.

POCI
Financial assets that are credit-impaired when purchased or originated (POCI) are classified in the POCI category.

For additional information, see Note 7 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019 as well as Note 1 to these
consolidated financial statements.




The following tables present the gross carrying amounts of loans as at July 31, 2020 and October 31, 2019, according to credit quality and ECL impairment
stage of each loan category at amortized cost, and according to credit quality for loans at fair value through profit or loss. For additional information on credit
quality according to the Advanced Internal Rating-Based (AIRB) categories, see the Internal Default Risk Ratings table on page 69 in the Credit Risk section of
the 2019 Annual Report.
                                                                                                                                                                             As at July 31, 2020
                                                                                                                                                      Loans at fair value
                                                                               Non-impaired loans (1)                              Impaired loans
                                                                                                                                                       through profit or
                                                                     Stage 1                 Stage 2               Stage 3                    POCI                 loss(2)                  Total

Residential mortgage
 Excellent                                                          21,753                       7                      −                      −                      −                 21,760
 Good                                                               14,927                      70                      −                      −                      −                 14,997
 Satisfactory                                                        9,664                     896                      −                      −                      −                 10,560
 Special mention                                                     1,027                     330                      −                      −                      −                  1,357
 Substandard                                                           462                     199                      −                      −                      −                    661
 Default                                                                 −                       −                    170                      −                      −                    170
AIRB approach                                                       47,833                   1,502                    170                      −                      −                 49,505
Standardized approach                                                4,750                      34                     39                    574                  7,081                 12,478
Gross carrying amount                                               52,583                   1,536                    209                    574                  7,081                 61,983
Allowances for credit losses(3)                                         60                      25                     35                    (65)                     −                     55
Carrying amount                                                     52,523                   1,511                    174                    639                  7,081                 61,928
Personal
 Excellent                                                          14,170                      47                      −                      −                        −               14,217
 Good                                                                9,569                     994                      −                      −                        −               10,563
 Satisfactory                                                        4,676                   2,111                      −                      −                        −                6,787
 Special mention                                                       355                     797                      −                      −                        −                1,152
 Substandard                                                            81                     221                      −                      −                        −                  302
 Default                                                                 −                       −                    121                      −                        −                  121
AIRB approach                                                       28,851                   4,170                    121                      −                        −               33,142
Standardized approach                                                3,419                      56                     20                    375                        −                3,870
Gross carrying amount                                               32,270                   4,226                    141                    375                        −               37,012
Allowances for credit losses(3)                                         81                     155                     73                     (8)                       −                  301
Carrying amount                                                     32,189                   4,071                     68                    383                        −               36,711
Credit card
 Excellent                                                              354                      −                       −                      −                       −                  354
 Good                                                                   290                      −                       −                      −                       −                  290
 Satisfactory                                                           667                     18                       −                      −                       −                  685
 Special mention                                                        353                    209                       −                      −                       −                  562
 Substandard                                                             28                     73                       −                      −                       −                  101
 Default                                                                  −                      −                       −                      −                       −                    −
AIRB approach                                                         1,692                    300                       −                      −                       −                1,992
Standardized approach                                                    20                      −                       −                      −                       −                   20
Gross carrying amount                                                 1,712                    300                       −                      −                       −                2,012
Allowances for credit losses(3)                                          41                    130                       −                      −                       −                  171
Carrying amount                                                       1,671                    170                       −                      −                       −                1,841
Business and government(4)
 Excellent                                                           5,547                       −                      −                       −                    313                 5,860
 Good                                                               22,911                       8                      −                       −                    163                23,082
 Satisfactory                                                       19,151                   6,384                      −                       −                     71                25,606
 Special mention                                                        43                   1,607                      −                       −                      −                 1,650
 Substandard                                                            22                     240                      −                       −                      −                   262
 Default                                                                 −                       −                    336                       −                      −                   336
AIRB approach                                                       47,674                   8,239                    336                       −                    547                56,796
Standardized approach                                                4,678                     174                    108                       −                     98                 5,058
Gross carrying amount                                               52,352                   8,413                    444                       −                    645                61,854
Allowances for credit losses(3)                                        157                     191                    233                       −                      −                   581
Carrying amount                                                     52,195                   8,222                    211                       −                    645                61,273
Total loans
Gross carrying amount                                              138,917                  14,475                    794                    949                  7,726               162,861
Allowances for credit losses(3)                                        339                     501                    341                    (73)                     −                 1,108
Carrying amount                                                    138,578                  13,974                    453                  1,022                  7,726               161,753

(1)   In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Bank has approved certain payment deferrals for all types of loans. As at July 31, 2020, the gross carrying value of loans for which deferrals have
      been approved totalled $3.7 billion for residential mortgages, $319 million for personal loans, $15 million for credit card receivables, and $4.5 billion for business and government loans.
      These loans are presented in the stage in which they were positioned immediately prior to application of the payment deferral.
(2)   Not subject to expected credit losses.
(3)   The allowances for credit losses do not include the amounts related to undrawn commitments reported in the Other liabilities item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(4)   Includes customers’ liability under acceptances.
                                                                                                                                                                        As at October 31, 2019
                                                                                                                                                     Loans at fair value
                                                                               Non-impaired loans                                Impaired loans
                                                                                                                                                       through profit or
                                                                     Stage 1               Stage 2                Stage 3                   POCI                   loss(1)               Total

Residential mortgage
 Excellent                                                          21,840                      −                      −                      −                      −               21,840
 Good                                                               14,375                     11                      −                      −                      −               14,386
 Satisfactory                                                        8,178                    674                      −                      −                      −                8,852
 Special mention                                                       413                    497                      −                      −                      −                  910
 Substandard                                                           101                    248                      −                      −                      −                  349
 Default                                                                 −                      −                    117                      −                      −                  117
AIRB approach                                                       44,907                  1,430                    117                      −                      −               46,454
Standardized approach                                                3,686                     19                     27                    553                  6,432               10,717
Gross carrying amount                                               48,593                  1,449                    144                    553                  6,432               57,171
Allowances for credit losses(2)                                         37                     12                     25                    (53)                     −                   21
Carrying amount                                                     48,556                  1,437                    119                    606                  6,432               57,150
Personal
 Excellent                                                          14,331                      −                      −                      −                        −             14,331
 Good                                                               10,119                    206                      −                      −                        −             10,325
 Satisfactory                                                        4,973                  1,477                      −                      −                        −              6,450
 Special mention                                                       416                    711                      −                      −                        −              1,127
 Substandard                                                           109                    199                      −                      −                        −                308
 Default                                                                 −                      −                    139                      −                        −                139
AIRB approach                                                       29,948                  2,593                    139                      −                        −             32,680
Standardized approach                                                3,545                     83                     23                    613                        −              4,264
Gross carrying amount                                               33,493                  2,676                    162                    613                        −             36,944
Allowances for credit losses(2)                                         64                    103                     69                     (4)                       −                232
Carrying amount                                                     33,429                  2,573                     93                    617                        −             36,712
Credit card
 Excellent                                                             370                      −                       −                      −                       −                 370
 Good                                                                  316                      −                       −                      −                       −                 316
 Satisfactory                                                          786                     20                       −                      −                       −                 806
 Special mention                                                       421                    241                       −                      −                       −                 662
 Substandard                                                            22                    112                       −                      −                       −                 134
 Default                                                                 −                      −                       −                      −                       −                   −
AIRB approach                                                        1,915                    373                       −                      −                       −               2,288
Standardized approach                                                   34                      −                       −                      −                       −                  34
Gross carrying amount                                                1,949                    373                       −                      −                       −               2,322
Allowances for credit losses(2)                                         26                    102                       −                      −                       −                 128
Carrying amount                                                      1,923                    271                       −                      −                       −               2,194
Business and government(3)
 Excellent                                                           4,783                      −                      −                       −                    112               4,895
 Good                                                               22,951                      4                      −                       −                     53              23,008
 Satisfactory                                                       22,367                  1,346                      −                       −                     72              23,785
 Special mention                                                        87                  1,131                      −                       −                      −               1,218
 Substandard                                                            45                    255                      −                       −                      −                 300
 Default                                                                 −                      −                    306                       −                      −                 306
AIRB approach                                                       50,233                  2,736                    306                       −                    237              53,512
Standardized approach                                                3,779                      −                     72                       −                    129               3,980
Gross carrying amount                                               54,012                  2,736                    378                       −                    366              57,492
Allowances for credit losses(2)                                         58                     99                    140                       −                      −                 297
Carrying amount                                                     53,954                  2,637                    238                       −                    366              57,195
Total loans
Gross carrying amount                                             138,047                   7,234                    684                  1,166                  6,798              153,929
Allowances for credit losses(2)                                       185                     316                    234                    (57)                     −                  678
Carrying amount                                                   137,862                   6,918                    450                  1,223                  6,798              153,251

(1)   Not subject to expected credit losses.
(2)   The allowances for credit losses do not include the amounts related to undrawn commitments reported in the Other liabilities item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(3)   Includes customers’ liability under acceptances.
The following table presents the credit risk exposures of off-balance-sheet commitments as at July 31, 2020 and October 31, 2019 according to credit quality
and ECL impairment stage.

                                                                                                  As at July 31, 2020                                                    As at October 31, 2019
                                                    Stage 1            Stage 2             Stage 3                 Total          Stage 1           Stage 2            Stage 3             Total
                                     (1)
Off-balance-sheet commitments
Retail
 Excellent                                         14,886                  45                   −            14,931              12,088                 2                     −        12,090
 Good                                               3,937                 302                   −             4,239               3,585                51                     −         3,636
 Satisfactory                                       1,366                 286                   −             1,652               1,328               180                     −         1,508
 Special mention                                       98                  73                   −               171                 114                82                     −           196
 Substandard                                            4                  13                   −                17                   5                19                     −            24
 Default                                                −                   −                   2                 2                   −                 −                     4             4
Non-retail
 Excellent                                          9,981                   −                   −             9,981              10,050                  −                  −          10,050
 Good                                              17,226                   2                   −            17,228              14,640                  1                  −          14,641
 Satisfactory                                       4,566               3,504                   −             8,070               6,165                513                  −           6,678
 Special mention                                       34                 293                   −               327                  17                161                  −             178
 Substandard                                            4                 108                   −               112                 167                 29                  −             196
 Default                                                −                   −                   8                 8                   −                  −                 16              16
AIRB approach                                      52,102               4,626                  10            56,738              48,159              1,038                 20          49,217
Standardized approach                               9,629                  54                   −             9,683               6,154                  −                  1           6,155
Total exposure                                     61,731               4,680                  10            66,421              54,313              1,038                 21          55,372
Allowances for credit losses                          134                  49                   1               184                  53                 20                  1              74
Total exposure, net
  of allowances                                    61,597               4,631                    9           66,237              54,260              1,018                 20          55,298

(1)   Represent letters of guarantee and documentary letters of credit, undrawn commitments, and backstop liquidity and credit enhancement facilities.




                                                                                                As at July 31, 2020(2)                                                   As at October 31, 2019
                                                Residential                                             Business and          Residential                                          Business and
                                                 mortgage             Personal         Credit card      government(3)          mortgage            Personal         Credit card    government(3)

Past due but not impaired
 31 to 60 days                                          76                  59                 14                   43               92                82                  27               31
 61 to 90 days                                          42                  24                  8                   22               34                34                  13               21
 Over 90 days(4)                                         −                   −                 31                    −                −                 −                  28                −
                                                       118                  83                 53                   65              126               116                  68               52

(1)   Loans less than 31 days past due are not presented as they are not considered past due from an administrative standpoint.
(2)   In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Bank has approved certain payment deferrals for all types of loans. These loans are presented in the loan category in which they were positioned
      immediately prior to the application of the payment deferral.
(3)   Includes customers’ liability under acceptances.
(4)   All loans more than 90 days past due, except for credit card receivables, are considered impaired (Stage 3).




                                                                                                                   As at July 31, 2020                                   As at October 31, 2019
                                                                                                 Allowances for                                               Allowances for
                                                                                      Gross        credit losses                  Net              Gross        credit losses               Net

Loans – Stage 3
 Residential mortgage                                                                 209                    35                 174                 144                 25               119
 Personal                                                                             141                    73                  68                 162                 69                93
 Credit card(1)                                                                         −                     −                   −                   −                  −                 −
 Business and government(2)                                                           444                  233                  211                 378                140               238
                                                                                      794                  341                  453                 684                234               450
POCI loans                                                                            949                   (73)              1,022               1,166                (57)            1,223
                                                                                    1,743                  268                1,475               1,850                177             1,673

(1)   Credit card receivables are considered impaired, at the latest, when payment is 180 days past due, and they are written off at that time.
(2)   Includes customers’ liability under acceptances.
The following tables present a reconciliation of the allowances for credit losses by Consolidated Balance Sheet item and by type of off-balance-sheet
commitment.

                                                                                                                                                             Quarter ended July 31, 2020
                                                                        Allowances for                                                                                    Allowances for
                                                                     credit losses as at     Provisions for                                             Recoveries       credit losses as
                                                                         April 30, 2020       credit losses      Write-offs(1)       Disposals           and other      at July 31, 2020

Balance sheet
Cash and deposits with financial institutions(2)(3)                                 11                  (1)                −                 −                  −                      10
Securities(3)
 At fair value through other comprehensive income(4)                                 3                  (1)                −                 −                  −                       2
 At amortized cost(2)                                                                2                  (1)                −                 −                  −                       1
Securities purchased under reverse repurchase
 agreements and securities borrowed(2)(3)                                            −                   −                 −                 −                  −                       −
Loans(5)
 Residential mortgage                                                              46                  10                 (2)                −                   1                    55
 Personal                                                                         292                  34                (27)                −                   2                   301
 Credit card                                                                      158                  27                (18)                −                   4                   171
 Business and government                                                          463                  42                 (8)                −                  (1)                  496
 Customers' liability under acceptances                                            74                  11                  −                 −                   −                    85
                                                                                1,033                 124                (55)                −                   6                 1,108
Other assets(2)(3)                                                                  −                   −                  −                 −                   −                     −
Off-balance-sheet commitments(6)
Letters of guarantee and documentary letters of credit                             18                   3                  −                 −                  −                     21
Undrawn commitments                                                               141                  19                  −                 −                  −                    160
Backstop liquidity and credit enhancement facilities                                3                   −                  −                 −                  −                      3
                                                                                  162                  22                  −                 −                  −                    184
                                                                                1,211                 143                (55)                −                  6                  1,305

                                                                                                                                                             Quarter ended July 31, 2019
                                                                        Allowances for                                                                                    Allowances for
                                                                     credit losses as at     Provisions for                                             Recoveries       credit losses as
                                                                         April 30, 2019       credit losses      Write-offs(1)       Disposals           and other      at July 31, 2019

Balance sheet
Cash and deposits with financial institutions(2)(3)                                  1                   −                 −                 −                  −                       1
Securities(3)
 At fair value through other comprehensive income(4)                                 −                   −                 −                 −                  −                       −
 At amortized cost(2)                                                                1                   −                 −                 −                  −                       1
Securities purchased under reverse repurchase
 agreements and securities borrowed(2)(3)                                            −                   −                 −                 −                  −                       −
Loans(5)
 Residential mortgage                                                               8                   7                 (2)                −                  −                     13
 Personal                                                                         238                  29                (45)                −                  6                    228
 Credit card                                                                      130                  16                (26)                −                  3                    123
 Business and government                                                          272                  20                 (5)                −                  1                    288
 Customers' liability under acceptances                                            35                   −                  −                 −                  −                     35
                                                                                  683                  72                (78)                −                 10                    687
Other assets(2)(3)                                                                  −                   −                  −                 −                  −                      −
Off-balance-sheet commitments(6)
Letters of guarantee and documentary letters of credit                              3                   3                  −                 −                  −                      6
Undrawn commitments                                                                57                  11                  −                 −                  −                     68
Backstop liquidity and credit enhancement facilities                                2                   −                  −                 −                  −                      2
                                                                                   62                  14                  −                 −                  −                     76
                                                                                  747                  86                (78)                −                 10                    765

(1)   The contractual amount outstanding on financial assets that were written off during the quarter ended July 31, 2020 and that are still subject to enforcement activity was $34 million
      ($39 million for the quarter ended July 31, 2019).
(2)   These financial assets are presented net of the allowances for credit losses on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(3)   As at July 31, 2020 and 2019, these financial assets were mainly classified in Stage 1 and their credit quality fell mostly within the Excellent category.
(4)   The allowances for credit losses are reported in the Accumulated other comprehensive income item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(5)   The allowances for credit losses are reported in the Allowances for credit losses item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(6)   The allowances for credit losses are reported in the Other liabilities item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
                                                                                                                                                      Nine months ended July 31, 2020
                                                                       Allowances for                                                                                  Allowances for
                                                                    credit losses as at     Provisions for                                            Recoveries      credit losses as
                                                                    October 31, 2019         credit losses      Write-offs(1)       Disposals          and other     at July 31, 2020

Balance sheet
Cash and deposits with financial institutions(2)(3)                                 2                   8                 −                −                   −                     10
Securities(3)
 At fair value through other comprehensive income(4)                                −                  2                  −                −                   −                      2
 At amortized cost(2)                                                               1                  −                  −                −                   −                      1
Securities purchased under reverse repurchase
 agreements and securities borrowed(2)(3)                                           −                  −                  −                −                   −                      −
Loans(5)
 Residential mortgage                                                             21                  37                (5)                −                  2                     55
 Personal                                                                        232                 148               (95)                −                 16                    301
 Credit card                                                                     128                 104               (72)                −                 11                    171
 Business and government                                                         268                 271               (42)                −                 (1)                   496
 Customers' liability under acceptances                                           29                  56                 −                 −                  −                     85
                                                                                 678                 616              (214)                −                 28                  1,108
Other assets(2)(3)                                                                 −                   −                 −                 −                  −                      −
Off-balance-sheet commitments(6)
Letters of guarantee and documentary letters of credit                             6                  15                 −                 −                  −                     21
Undrawn commitments                                                               66                  94                 −                 −                  −                    160
Backstop liquidity and credit enhancement facilities                               2                   1                 −                 −                  −                      3
                                                                                  74                 110                 −                 −                  −                    184
                                                                                 755                 736              (214)                −                 28                  1,305


                                                                                                                                                      Nine months ended July 31, 2019
                                                                       Allowances for                                                                                  Allowances for
                                                                    credit losses as at     Provisions for                                            Recoveries      credit losses as
                                                                    October 31, 2018         credit losses      Write-offs(1)       Disposals          and other     at July 31, 2019

Balance sheet
Cash and deposits with financial institutions(2)(3)                                 1                  −                  −                −                   −                      1
Securities(3)
 At fair value through other comprehensive income(4)                                −                  −                  −                −                   −                      −
 At amortized cost(2)                                                               1                  −                  −                −                   −                      1
Securities purchased under reverse repurchase
 agreements and securities borrowed(2)(3)                                           −                  −                  −                −                   −                      −
Loans(5)
 Residential mortgage                                                              1                  17                (5)                −                  −                     13
 Personal                                                                        259                  98              (150)                −                 21                    228
 Credit card                                                                     129                  61               (76)                −                  9                    123
 Business and government                                                         249                  45               (12)                −                  6                    288
 Customers' liability under acceptances                                           20                  15                 −                 −                  −                     35
                                                                                 658                 236              (243)                −                 36                    687
Other assets(2)(3)                                                                 −                   −                 −                 −                  −                      −
Off-balance-sheet commitments(6)
Letters of guarantee and documentary letters of credit                             3                   3                 −                 −                  −                      6
Undrawn commitments                                                               49                  19                 −                 −                  −                     68
Backstop liquidity and credit enhancement facilities                               2                   −                 −                 −                  −                      2
                                                                                  54                  22                 −                 −                  −                     76
                                                                                 714                 258              (243)                −                 36                    765

(1)   The contractual amount outstanding on financial assets that were written off during the nine-month period ended July 31, 2020 and that are still subject to enforcement activity was
      $122 million ($123 million for the nine-month period ended July 31, 2019).
(2)   These financial assets are presented net of the allowances for credit losses on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(3)   As at July 31, 2020 and 2019, these financial assets were mainly classified in Stage 1 and their credit quality fell mostly within the Excellent category.
(4)   The allowances for credit losses are reported in the Accumulated other comprehensive income item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(5)   The allowances for credit losses are reported in the Allowances for credit losses item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(6)   The allowances for credit losses are reported in the Other liabilities item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
The following tables present the reconciliation of allowances for credit losses for each loan category at amortized cost according to ECL impairment stage.

                                                                                             Quarter ended July 31, 2020                                        Quarter ended July 31, 2019
                                                                    Allowances for             Allowances for                         Allowances for             Allowances for
                                                                  credit losses on           credit losses on                        credit losses on           credit losses on
                                                               non-impaired loans             impaired loans                      non-impaired loans             impaired loans
                                                              Stage 1      Stage 2       Stage 3       POCI(1)      Total        Stage 1      Stage 2       Stage 3       POCI(1)      Total

Residential mortgage
Balance at beginning                                              57            22           29           (62)          46            34           11            23          (60)            8
 Originations or purchases                                         5             −            −             −            5             2            −             −            −             2
 Transfers(2):
  to Stage 1                                                       9            (8)          (1)            −            −             3           (2)           (1)           −             −
  to Stage 2                                                      (1)            1            −             −            −             −            −             −            −             −
  to Stage 3                                                       −            (1)           1             −            −             −           (1)            1            −             −
 Net remeasurement of loss allowances(3)                          (7)           11            8            (6)           6            (3)           2             3            3             5
 Derecognitions(4)                                                (1)            −            −             −           (1)            −            −             −            −             −
 Changes to models                                                 −             −            −             −            −             −            −             −            −             −
Provisions for credit losses                                       5             3            8            (6)          10             2           (1)            3            3             7
Write-offs                                                         −             −           (2)            −           (2)            −            −            (2)           −            (2)
Disposals                                                          −             −            −             −            −             −            −             −            −             −
Recoveries                                                         −             −            1             −            1             −            −             1            −             1
Foreign exchange movements and other                              (2)            −           (1)            3            −            (1)           −            (1)           1            (1)
Balance at end                                                    60            25           35           (65)          55            35           10            24          (56)           13
Includes:
 Amounts drawn                                                    60            25           35           (65)          55            35           10            24          (56)           13
 Undrawn commitments(5)                                            −             −            −             −            −             −            −             −            −             −

Personal
Balance at beginning                                              74          153            77             (7)        297            65          105            71            (1)        240
 Originations or purchases                                         8            −             −              −           8            16            −             −             −          16
 Transfers(2):
  to Stage 1                                                      27          (24)           (3)             −           −            18          (16)           (2)            −           −
  to Stage 2                                                      (4)           5            (1)             −           −            (4)           5            (1)            −           −
  to Stage 3                                                      (1)         (12)           13              −           −            (2)         (20)           22             −           −
 Net remeasurement of loss allowances(3)                         (17)          40            10             (1)         32           (26)          34            15            (3)         20
 Derecognitions(4)                                                (3)          (3)            −              −          (6)           (3)          (3)           (1)            −          (7)
 Changes to models                                                 −            −             −              −           −             −            −             −             −           −
Provisions for credit losses                                      10            6            19             (1)         34            (1)           −            33            (3)         29
Write-offs                                                         −            −           (27)             −         (27)            −            −           (45)            −         (45)
Disposals                                                          −            −             −              −           −             −            −             −             −           −
Recoveries                                                         −            −             6              −           6             −            −             8             −           8
Foreign exchange movements and other                              (1)          (1)           (2)             −          (4)            −           (1)           (1)            −          (2)
Balance at end                                                    83          158            73             (8)        306            64          104            66            (4)        230
Includes:
 Amounts drawn                                                    81          155            73             (8)        301            63          103            66            (4)        228
 Undrawn commitments(5)                                            2            3             −              −           5             1            1             −             −           2

(1)   The total amount of undiscounted initially expected credit losses on the POCI loans acquired during the quarter ended July 31, 2020 was nil since no acquisitions were made ($37 million for
      the quarter ended July 31, 2019). The expected credit losses reflected in the purchase price were discounted.
(2)   Represent stage transfers deemed to have taken place at the beginning of the quarter in which the transfer occurred.
(3)   Includes the net remeasurement of loss allowances (after transfers) attributable mainly to changes in volumes and in the credit quality of existing loans as well as to changes in risk
      parameters.
(4)   Represent reversals to loss allowances arising from full loan repayments (excluding write-offs and disposals).
(5)   The allowances for credit losses on undrawn commitments are reported in the Other liabilities item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
                                                                                             Quarter ended July 31, 2020                                        Quarter ended July 31, 2019
                                                                    Allowances for             Allowances for                         Allowances for              Allowances for
                                                                  credit losses on           credit losses on                        credit losses on           credit losses on
                                                               non-impaired loans             impaired loans                      non-impaired loans             impaired loans
                                                              Stage 1      Stage 2       Stage 3       POCI(1)      Total        Stage 1      Stage 2       Stage 3       POCI(1)      Total

Credit card
Balance at beginning                                              67          135              −            −          202            41          117             −             −         158
 Originations or purchases                                         4            −              −            −            4             2            −             −             −           2
 Transfers(2):
  to Stage 1                                                      41          (41)            −             −            −            33          (33)            −             −           −
  to Stage 2                                                      (4)           4             −             −            −            (3)           3             −             −           −
  to Stage 3                                                       −          (10)           10             −            −             −          (11)           11             −           −
 Net remeasurement of loss allowances(3)                         (35)          54             4             −           23           (35)          39            12             −          16
 Derecognitions(4)                                                (1)          (1)            −             −           (2)           (1)           −             −             −          (1)
 Changes to models                                                 −            −             −             −            −            12           (7)            −             −           5
Provisions for credit losses                                       5            6            14             −           25             8           (9)           23             −          22
Write-offs                                                         −            −           (18)            −          (18)            −            −           (26)            −         (26)
Disposals                                                          −            −             −             −            −             −            −             −             −           −
Recoveries                                                         −            −             4             −            4             −            −             3             −           3
Foreign exchange movements and other                               −            −             −             −            −             −            −             −             −           −
Balance at end                                                    72          141             −             −          213            49          108             −             −         157
Includes:
 Amounts drawn                                                    41          130              −            −          171            27           96             −             −         123
 Undrawn commitments(5)                                           31           11              −            −           42            22           12             −             −          34

Business and government(6)
Balance at beginning                                             220          213           196             −          629            71          108          154              1         334
 Originations or purchases                                        31            −             −             −           31             7            −            −              −           7
 Transfers(2):
  to Stage 1                                                      11           (9)           (2)            −            −             6           (3)          (3)             −           −
  to Stage 2                                                     (10)          11            (1)            −            −            (2)           3           (1)             −           −
  to Stage 3                                                       −           (4)            4             −            −            (1)          (1)           2              −           −
 Net remeasurement of loss allowances(3)                          (6)          11            46             −           51            (2)           6           20              −          24
 Derecognitions(4)                                                (5)          (3)            −             −           (8)           (2)          (1)          (3)             −          (6)
 Changes to models                                                 −            −             −             −            −             −            −            −              −           −
Provisions for credit losses                                      21            6            47             −           74             6            4           15              −          25
Write-offs                                                         −            −            (8)            −           (8)            −            −           (5)             −          (5)
Disposals                                                          −            −             −             −            −             −            −            −              −           −
Recoveries                                                         −            −             1             −            1             −            −            1              −           1
Foreign exchange movements and other                               −            −            (2)            −           (2)            −            −            −              −           −
Balance at end                                                   241          219           234             −          694            77          112          165              1         355
Includes:
 Amounts drawn                                                   157          191           233             −          581            54          104          164              1         323
 Undrawn commitments(5)                                           84           28             1             −          113            23            8            1              −          32

Total allowances for credit losses at end(7)                     456          543           342           (73)      1,268           225           334          255           (59)         755
Includes:
 Amounts drawn                                                   339          501           341           (73)      1,108           179           313          254           (59)         687
 Undrawn commitments(5)                                          117           42             1             −         160            46            21            1             −           68

(1)   The total amount of undiscounted initially expected credit losses on the POCI loans acquired during the quarter ended July 31, 2020 was nil since no acquisitions were made ($37 million for
      the quarter ended July 31, 2019). The expected credit losses reflected in the purchase price were discounted.
(2)   Represent stage transfers deemed to have taken place at the beginning of the quarter in which the transfer occurred.
(3)   Includes the net remeasurement of loss allowances (after transfers) attributable mainly to changes in volumes and in the credit quality of existing loans as well as to changes in risk
      parameters.
(4)   Represent reversals to loss allowances arising from full loan repayments (excluding write-offs and disposals).
(5)   The allowances for credit losses on undrawn commitments are reported in the Other liabilities item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(6)   Includes customers’ liability under acceptances.
(7)   Excludes allowances for credit losses on other financial assets at amortized cost and on off-balance-sheet commitments other than undrawn commitments.
                                                                                       Nine months ended July 31, 2020                                   Nine months ended July 31, 2019
                                                                   Allowances for             Allowances for                        Allowances for             Allowances for
                                                                 credit losses on           credit losses on                       credit losses on           credit losses on
                                                              non-impaired loans             impaired loans                     non-impaired loans             impaired loans
                                                             Stage 1      Stage 2      Stage 3        POCI(1)     Total        Stage 1      Stage 2      Stage 3        POCI(1)     Total

Residential mortgage
Balance at beginning                                             37           12           25           (53)          21           31           13           21           (64)           1
 Originations or purchases                                        9            −            −             −            9           13            −            −             −           13
 Transfers(2):
  to Stage 1                                                     16          (13)          (3)            −            −           11           (8)          (3)            −            −
  to Stage 2                                                     (3)           3            −             −            −            −            1           (1)            −            −
  to Stage 3                                                      −           (3)           3             −            −            −           (3)           3             −            −
 Net remeasurement of loss allowances(3)                          2           27           13           (12)          30          (20)           7            9             8            4
 Derecognitions(4)                                               (1)          (1)           −             −           (2)           −            −            −             −            −
 Changes to models                                                −            −            −             −            −            −            −            −             −            −
Provisions for credit losses                                     23           13           13           (12)          37            4           (3)           8             8           17
Write-offs                                                        −            −           (5)            −           (5)           −            −           (5)            −           (5)
Disposals                                                         −            −            −             −            −            −            −            −             −            −
Recoveries                                                        −            −            1             −            1            −            −            1             −            1
Foreign exchange movements and other                              −            −            1             −            1            −            −           (1)            −           (1)
Balance at end                                                   60           25           35           (65)          55           35           10           24           (56)          13
Includes:
 Amounts drawn                                                   60           25           35           (65)          55           35           10           24           (56)          13
 Undrawn commitments(5)                                           −            −            −             −            −            −            −            −             −            −

Personal
Balance at beginning                                             65          104           69            (4)        234            72          121           71            (3)        261
 Originations or purchases                                       29            −            −             −          29            35            −            −             −          35
 Transfers(2):
  to Stage 1                                                     62          (56)           (6)           −           −            58          (52)          (6)            −            −
  to Stage 2                                                    (15)          18            (3)           −           −           (15)          18           (3)            −            −
  to Stage 3                                                     (4)         (44)           48            −           −            (6)         (72)          78             −            −
 Net remeasurement of loss allowances(3)                        (48)         143            46           (3)        138           (73)          98           58            (1)          82
 Derecognitions(4)                                               (7)          (8)           (2)           −         (17)           (8)          (8)          (3)            −          (19)
 Changes to models                                                1            −             −            −           1             −            −            −             −            −
Provisions for credit losses                                     18           53            83           (3)        151            (9)         (16)         124            (1)          98
Write-offs                                                        −            −           (95)           −         (95)            −            −         (150)            −         (150)
Disposals                                                         −            −             −            −           −             −            −            −             −            −
Recoveries                                                        −            −            19            −          19             −            −           22             −           22
Foreign exchange movements and other                              −            1            (3)          (1)         (3)            1           (1)          (1)            −           (1)
Balance at end                                                   83          158            73           (8)        306            64          104           66            (4)         230
Includes:
 Amounts drawn                                                   81          155           73            (8)        301            63          103           66            (4)        228
 Undrawn commitments(5)                                           2            3            −             −           5             1            1            −             −           2

(1)   The total amount of undiscounted initially expected credit losses on the POCI loans acquired during the nine months ended July 31, 2020 was $46 million ($66 million for the nine months
      ended July 31, 2019). The expected credit losses reflected in the purchase price were discounted.
(2)   Represent stage transfers deemed to have taken place at the beginning of the quarter in which the transfer occurred.
(3)   Includes the net remeasurement of loss allowances (after transfers) attributable mainly to changes in volumes and in the credit quality of existing loans as well as to changes in risk
      parameters.
(4)   Represent reversals to loss allowances arising from full loan repayments (excluding write-offs and disposals).
(5)   The allowances for credit losses on undrawn commitments are reported in the Other liabilities item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
                                                                                       Nine months ended July 31, 2020                                   Nine months ended July 31, 2019
                                                                   Allowances for            Allowances for                         Allowances for             Allowances for
                                                                 credit losses on           credit losses on                       credit losses on           credit losses on
                                                              non-impaired loans             impaired loans                     non-impaired loans             impaired loans
                                                             Stage 1      Stage 2      Stage 3        POCI(1)     Total        Stage 1      Stage 2      Stage 3        POCI(1)     Total

Credit card
Balance at beginning                                             47          113             −            −         160            40          115             −            −         155
 Originations or purchases                                        8            −             −            −           8             6            −             −            −           6
 Transfers(2):
  to Stage 1                                                     87          (87)            −            −           −            76          (76)            −            −           −
  to Stage 2                                                    (13)          13             −            −           −           (11)          11             −            −           −
  to Stage 3                                                      −          (31)           31            −           −            (2)         (29)           31            −           −
 Net remeasurement of loss allowances(3)                        (55)         135            30            −         110           (69)          95            36            −          62
 Derecognitions(4)                                               (2)          (2)            −            −          (4)           (3)          (1)            −            −          (4)
 Changes to models                                                −            −             −            −           −            12           (7)            −            −           5
Provisions for credit losses                                     25           28            61            −         114             9           (7)           67            −          69
Write-offs                                                        −            −           (72)           −         (72)            −            −           (76)           −         (76)
Disposals                                                         −            −             −            −           −             −            −             −            −           −
Recoveries                                                        −            −            11            −          11             −            −             9            −           9
Foreign exchange movements and other                              −            −             −            −           −             −            −             −            −           −
Balance at end                                                   72          141             −            −         213            49          108             −            −         157
Includes:
 Amounts drawn                                                   41          130             −            −         171            27           96             −            −         123
 Undrawn commitments(5)                                          31           11             −            −          42            22           12             −            −          34

Business and government(6)
Balance at beginning                                             83          105          141             −         329            65           89          135             1         290
 Originations or purchases                                       63            −            −             −          63            23            −            −             −          23
 Transfers(2):
  to Stage 1                                                    17           (12)          (5)            −           −            15           (8)          (7)            −           −
  to Stage 2                                                   (26)           30           (4)            −           −            (6)          13           (7)            −           −
  to Stage 3                                                     −           (25)          25             −           −            (1)          (3)           4             −           −
 Net remeasurement of loss allowances(3)                       117           129          120             −         366           (12)          24           54             −          66
 Derecognitions(4)                                             (11)           (7)          (3)            −         (21)           (7)          (3)          (8)            −         (18)
 Changes to models                                               −             −            −             −           −             −            −            −             −           −
Provisions for credit losses                                   160           115          133             −         408            12           23           36             −          71
Write-offs                                                       −             −          (42)            −         (42)            −            −          (12)            −         (12)
Disposals                                                        −             −            −             −           −             −            −            −             −           −
Recoveries                                                       −             −            2             −           2             −            −            7             −           7
Foreign exchange movements and other                            (2)           (1)           −             −          (3)            −            −           (1)            −          (1)
Balance at end                                                 241           219          234             −         694            77          112          165             1         355
Includes:
 Amounts drawn                                                 157           191          233             −         581            54          104          164             1         323
 Undrawn commitments(5)                                         84            28            1             −         113            23            8            1             −          32

Total allowances for credit losses at end(7)                   456           543          342           (73)      1,268           225          334          255           (59)        755
Includes:
 Amounts drawn                                                 339           501          341           (73)      1,108           179          313          254           (59)        687
 Undrawn commitments(5)                                        117            42            1             −         160            46           21            1             −          68

(1)   The total amount of undiscounted initially expected credit losses on the POCI loans acquired during the nine months ended July 31, 2020 was $46 million ($66 million for the nine months
      ended July 31, 2019). The expected credit losses reflected in the purchase price were discounted.
(2)   Represent stage transfers deemed to have taken place at the beginning of the quarter in which the transfer occurred.
(3)   Includes the net remeasurement of loss allowances (after transfers) attributable mainly to changes in volumes and in the credit quality of existing loans as well as to changes in risk
      parameters.
(4)   Represent reversals to loss allowances arising from full loan repayments (excluding write-offs and disposals).
(5)   The allowances for credit losses on undrawn commitments are reported in the Other liabilities item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(6)   Includes customers’ liability under acceptances.
(7)   Excludes allowances for credit losses on other financial assets at amortized cost and on off-balance-sheet commitments other than undrawn commitments.
The following tables show the main macroeconomic factors used to estimate the allowances for credit losses on loans. For each scenario, namely, the base
scenario, upside scenario and downside scenario, the average values of the factors over the next 12 months (used for Stage 1 credit loss calculations) and over
the remaining forecast period (used for Stage 2 credit loss calculations) are presented.

                                                                                                                                                           As at July 31, 2020
                                                                             Base scenario                            Upside scenario                      Downside scenario
                                                          Next                   Remaining                Next              Remaining         Next                  Remaining
                                                     12 months              forecast period          12 months         forecast period   12 months             forecast period

Macroeconomic factors(1)
 GDP growth(2)                                             12.9 %                   2.7 %                   15.1 %            2.8 %           8.2 %                  2.8 %
 Unemployment rate                                          9.2 %                   8.1 %                    8.2 %            7.1 %          11.0 %                  8.8 %
 Housing price index growth(2)                             (6.9) %                  2.2 %                   (2.6) %           2.9 %         (10.9) %                 1.1 %
 BBB spread(3)                                              2.2 %                   2.0 %                    2.0 %            1.8 %           2.6 %                  2.2 %
 S&P/TSX growth(2)(4)                                       6.7 %                   3.4 %                   12.7 %            3.4 %          (0.1) %                 3.6 %
 WTI oil price(5) (US$ per barrel)                           41                      54                       50               64              29                     43

                                                                                                                                                          As at April 30, 2020
                                                                             Base scenario                            Upside scenario                      Downside scenario
                                                          Next                   Remaining                Next              Remaining         Next                  Remaining
                                                     12 months              forecast period          12 months         forecast period   12 months             forecast period

Macroeconomic factors(1)
 GDP growth(2)                                              1.4 %                   2.2 %                    6.3 %            2.5 %          (1.7) %                 2.0 %
 Unemployment rate                                          8.5 %                   7.0 %                    7.5 %            5.9 %           9.3 %                  8.0 %
 Housing price index growth(2)                             (9.2) %                  3.0 %                   (4.4) %           3.8 %         (10.9) %                 1.0 %
 BBB spread(3)                                              2.9 %                   2.1 %                    2.4 %            1.7 %           3.3 %                  2.4 %
 S&P/TSX growth(2)(4)                                      (5.6) %                  4.1 %                    2.1 %            3.1 %         (14.2) %                 4.4 %
 WTI oil price(5) (US$ per barrel)                           27                      53                       34               64              19                     33

                                                                                                                                                       As at October 31, 2019
                                                                             Base scenario                            Upside scenario                      Downside scenario
                                                          Next                   Remaining                Next              Remaining         Next                  Remaining
                                                     12 months              forecast period          12 months         forecast period   12 months             forecast period

Macroeconomic factors(1)
 GDP growth(2)                                              1.5 %                   1.6 %                    2.0 %            2.1 %          (2.0) %                  1.6 %
 Unemployment rate                                          5.8 %                   5.7 %                    5.6 %            5.3 %           6.8 %                   7.5 %
 Housing price index growth(2)                              3.1 %                   3.1 %                    6.1 %            2.3 %         (10.9) %                 (0.3) %
 BBB spread(3)                                              1.6 %                   1.6 %                    1.5 %            1.4 %           2.7 %                   2.6 %
 S&P/TSX growth(2)(4)                                       4.9 %                   2.4 %                    8.5 %            2.9 %         (14.1) %                  6.6 %
 WTI oil price(5) (US$ per barrel)                           61                      60                       71               69              39                      39

(1)   All macroeconomic factors are based on the Canadian economy unless otherwise indicated.
(2)   Growth rate is annualized.
(3)   Yield on corporate BBB bonds less yield on Canadian federal government bonds with 10-year maturity.
(4)   Main stock index in Canada.
(5)   The West Texas Intermediate (WTI) index is commonly used as a benchmark for the price of oil.


The main macroeconomic factors used for the personal credit portfolio are unemployment rate and growth in the housing price index, based on the economy of
Canada or Quebec. The main macroeconomic factors used for the business and government credit portfolio are unemployment rate, spread on corporate BBB
bonds, S&P/TSX growth, and WTI oil price.

An increase in unemployment rate or spread on corporate BBB bonds will generally correlate with higher allowances for credit losses, whereas an increase in
the other macroeconomic factors (GDP, S&P/TSX, housing price index and WTI oil price) will generally correlate with lower allowances for credit losses.
During the quarter ended July 31, 2020, certain macroeconomic factors improved and others continued to worsen following a gradual lifting of the lockdown,
whereas during the quarter ended April 30, 2020, the main macroeconomic factors had deteriorated significantly given the closing of non-essential services.

According to the base scenario, the Canadian economy will rebound in the second half of the year as lockdown measures are lifted, but the year-end
unemployment rate will remain above pre-recession levels. Oil will remain close to US$40 at year’s end and rise in 2021. Given a difficult labour market and
reduced immigration, housing prices will decline, and the S&P/TSX will be at 15,300 points at year-end 2020 and at 16,200 points at the end of 2021.

According to the upside scenario, the economy will rebound more strongly thanks to medical breakthroughs that help fight
COVID-19. Fiscal and monetary stimulus measures will limit the damage arising from destroyed production capacity. The unemployment rate at year-end 2020
will be more favourable than the base scenario (1 percentage point lower). Housing prices will decline slightly, the S&P/TSX will end the current year at 16,000
points, and the price of oil will bounce back at year-end 2020.

According to the downside scenario, a second wave of COVID-19 will require governments to impose another lockdown in the fourth quarter of 2020, inflicting
a new round of stress on the financial markets. The result will be greater destruction of production capacity. The unemployment rate will therefore trend
upward at the end of 2020. Housing prices will decrease considerably, the price of oil will decrease at the end of 2020, and the S&P/TSX will be at
14,400 points at the end of the current year.

Given uncertainty surrounding the key inputs used to measure credit losses, the Bank has applied expert credit judgment to adjust the modelled ECL results.




Scenarios
The following table shows a comparison of the Bank's allowances for credit losses on non-impaired loans (Stages 1 and 2) as at July 31, 2020 based on the
probability weightings of three scenarios with allowances for credit losses resulting from simulations of each scenario weighted at 100%.

                                                                                                                                     Allowances for credit losses
                                                                                                                                          on non-impaired loans

Balance as at July 31, 2020                                                                                                                                999
Simulations
 100% upside scenario                                                                                                                                      817
 100% base scenario                                                                                                                                        958
 100% downside scenario                                                                                                                                  1,309
In the normal course of its business, the Bank enters into transactions in which it transfers financial assets such as securities or loans directly to third parties,
in particular structured entities. According to the terms of some of those transactions, the Bank retains substantially all of the risks and rewards related to
those financial assets. The risks include credit risk, interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, prepayment risk and other price risks, whereas the rewards
include income streams associated with the financial assets. As such, those financial assets are not derecognized and the transactions are treated as
collateralized or secured borrowings. For additional information on the nature of those transactions, see Note 8 to the audited annual consolidated financial
statements for the year ended October 31, 2019.

The following table provides additional information about the nature of the transferred financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition and the associated
liabilities.

                                                                                                                                                As at July 31, 2020     As at October 31, 2019

Carrying value of financial assets transferred but not derecognized
 Securities(1)                                                                                                                                             61,637                      47,297
 Residential mortgages                                                                                                                                     20,022                      20,142
                                                                                                                                                           81,659                      67,439

Carrying value of associated liabilities(2)                                                                                                                45,245                      36,625

Fair value of financial assets transferred but not derecognized
 Securities(1)                                                                                                                                             61,637                      47,297
 Residential mortgages                                                                                                                                     20,510                      20,308
                                                                                                                                                           82,147                      67,605

Fair value of associated liabilities(2)                                                                                                                    45,613                      36,714

(1)   The amount related to the securities loaned is the maximum amount of Bank securities that can be lent. For obligations related to securities sold under repurchase agreements, the amount
      includes the Bank’s own financial assets as well as those of third parties and excludes bearer deposit notes issued by the Bank and covered bonds issued by the Bank.
(2)   Associated liabilities include liabilities related to transferred receivables and obligations related to securities sold under repurchase agreements before the offsetting impact of
      $1,068 million as at July 31, 2020 ($3,166 million as at October 31, 2019) excluding repurchase agreements guaranteed by bearer deposit notes issued by the Bank and covered bonds
      issued by the Bank. Liabilities related to securities loaned are not included, as the Bank can lend its own financial assets and those of third parties. The carrying value and fair value of
      liabilities related to securities loaned were $6,011 million as at July 31, 2020 ($9,753 million as at October 31, 2019).


The following table specifies the nature of the transactions related to financial assets transferred but not derecognized.

                                                                                                                                                As at July 31, 2020     As at October 31, 2019

Carrying value of financial assets transferred but not derecognized
 Securities backed by insured residential mortgage loans and other securities sold
  to Canada Housing Trust                                                                                                                                  20,618                      21,035
 Securities sold under repurchase agreements                                                                                                               25,527                      16,294
 Securities loaned                                                                                                                                         35,514                      30,110
                                                                                                                                                           81,659                      67,439
                                                                                                                                             As at July 31, 2020     As at October 31, 2019

Receivables, prepaid expenses and other items                                                                                                               994                         696
Interest and dividends receivable                                                                                                                           540                         623
Due from clients, dealers and brokers                                                                                                                       783                         570
Defined benefit asset                                                                                                                                        30                          38
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                         594                         562
Current tax assets                                                                                                                                          402                         216
Reinsurance assets                                                                                                                                           30                          33
                                                                                                                                                          3,373                       2,738




                                                                                                                                             As at July 31, 2020     As at October 31, 2019
                                                                       On demand(1)              After notice(2)           Fixed term(3)                    Total                       Total

Personal                                                                     5,340                    32,531                   28,289                   66,160                      60,065
Business and government                                                     49,762                    22,981                   61,971                  134,714                     125,266
Deposit-taking institutions                                                  2,257                       941                    1,406                    4,604                       4,235
                                                                            57,359                    56,453                   91,666                  205,478                     189,566

(1)   Demand deposits are deposits for which the Bank does not have the right to require notice of withdrawal and consist essentially of deposits in chequing accounts.
(2)   Notice deposits are deposits for which the Bank may legally require notice of withdrawal and consist mainly of deposits in savings accounts.
(3)   Fixed-term deposits are deposits that can be withdrawn by the holder on a specified date and include term deposits, guaranteed investment certificates, savings accounts and plans,
      covered bonds and similar instruments.


The Deposits – Business and government item includes, among other items, covered bonds, the balance of which was $10.3 billion as at July 31, 2020
($9.5 billion as at October 31, 2019). During the nine months ended July 31, 2020, the Bank issued covered bonds for an amount of US$200 million (an
amount of 1.0 billion euros of covered bonds issued under the legislative covered bond program came to maturity, and the Bank issued covered bonds in
amounts of US$1.3 billion and 750 million euros during the nine-month period ended July 31, 2019). For additional information on covered bonds, see Note 27
to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019.

Also as at July 31, 2020, the Deposits – Business and government item also includes deposits of $8.0 billion ($3.5 billion as at October 31, 2019) that are
subject to the bank bail-in conversion regulations issued by the Government of Canada. These regulations provide certain powers to the Canada Deposit
Insurance Corporation (CDIC), notably the power to convert certain eligible Bank shares and liabilities into common shares should the Bank become non-
viable.




                                                                                                                                            As at July 31, 2020     As at October 31, 2019

Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                                                                                                   1,852                       1,883
Subsidiaries’ debts to third parties                                                                                                                      400                       1,225
Interest and dividends payable                                                                                                                            562                       1,061
Lease liabilities(1)                                                                                                                                      638                           −
Due to clients, dealers and brokers                                                                                                                       894                         548
Defined benefit liability                                                                                                                                 205                         374
Allowances for credit losses — off-balance-sheet commitments (Note 7)                                                                                     184                          74
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                    1                           5
Current tax liabilities                                                                                                                                    35                         144
Insurance liabilities                                                                                                                                       −                          24
Other items(2)(3)(4)                                                                                                                                      896                         839
                                                                                                                                                        5,667                       6,177

(1)   As at November 1, 2019, upon IFRS 16 adoption, the Bank recognized lease liabilities totalling $668 million.
(2)   As at July 31, 2020, other items included a $2 million restructuring provision ($6 million as at October 31, 2019).
(3)   As at July 31, 2020, other items included a $6 million litigation provision ($19 million as at October 31, 2019).
(4)   As at November 1, 2019, upon IFRS 16 adoption, provisions for onerous contracts totalling $20 million were applied against the right-of-use assets reported in the Premises and equipment
      item.
Repurchase of Common Shares
During the nine-month period ended July 31, 2020, the Bank repurchased 525,000 common shares for $30 million, which reduced Common share capital by
$5 million and Retained earnings by $25 million. During the nine-month period ended July 31, 2019, the Bank had repurchased 3,547,200 common shares for
$215 million, which had reduced Common share capital by $31 million and Retained earnings by $184 million. These repurchases were carried out before
March 13, 2020, which was the date on which OSFI lowered the domestic stability buffer and indicated that it was expecting all banks to cease any dividend
increases or share buybacks.




                                                                                                                 As at July 31, 2020                        As at October 31, 2019
                                                                                                      Number                Shares                    Number                 Shares
                                                                                                     of shares                   $                   of shares                    $

First Preferred Shares
   Series 30                                                                                    14,000,000                    350                14,000,000                   350
   Series 32                                                                                    12,000,000                    300                12,000,000                   300
   Series 34                                                                                    16,000,000                    400                16,000,000                   400
   Series 36                                                                                    16,000,000                    400                16,000,000                   400
   Series 38                                                                                    16,000,000                    400                16,000,000                   400
   Series 40                                                                                    12,000,000                    300                12,000,000                   300
   Series 42                                                                                    12,000,000                    300                12,000,000                   300
                                                                                                98,000,000                  2,450                98,000,000                 2,450

Common shares at beginning of the fiscal year                                                  334,172,411                  2,949              335,070,642                  2,822
Issued pursuant to the Stock Option Plan                                                         2,009,141                     96                2,950,922                    122
Repurchases of common shares for cancellation                                                     (525,000)                    (5)              (4,547,200)                   (40)
Impact of shares purchased or sold for trading(1)                                                    9,443                      −                  699,564                     45
Other                                                                                                    −                      −                   (1,517)                     −
Common shares at end of the period                                                             335,665,995                  3,040              334,172,411                  2,949

(1)   As at July 31, 2020, a total of 5,597 shares were sold short for trading, representing a negligible amount (3,846 shares held for trading representing a negligible amount as at
      October 31, 2019).




                                                                                                                                                         Nine months ended July 31
                                                                                                                              2020                                            2019
                                                                                                    Dividends             Dividends                 Dividends             Dividends
                                                                                                            $             per share                         $             per share

First Preferred Shares
   Series 30                                                                                               10              0.7547                          10              0.7641
   Series 32                                                                                                9              0.7236                           9              0.7313
   Series 34                                                                                               17              1.0500                          17              1.0500
   Series 36                                                                                               16              1.0125                          16              1.0125
   Series 38                                                                                               13              0.8344                          13              0.8344
   Series 40                                                                                               11              0.8625                          11              0.8625
   Series 42                                                                                               11              0.9281                          11              0.9281
                                                                                                           87                                              87

Common shares                                                                                            715               2.1300                        664               1.9800
                                                                                                         802                                             751

Common Shares Held in Escrow
As part of the acquisition of Wellington West Holdings Inc. in 2011, the Bank had issued common shares held in escrow. As at July 31, 2020, the number of
common shares held in escrow was 21,510 (21,510 as at October 31, 2019). The Bank expects that the remaining shares in escrow will be settled by the end of
calendar year 2020.
                                                                                                                                               As at July 31, 2020          As at October 31, 2019

Trust units issued by NBC Asset Trust (NBC CapS II) – Series 2(1)                                                                                                  −                          359
Other                                                                                                                                                             (9)                          (1)
                                                                                                                                                                  (9)                         358

(1)   Includes $9 million in accrued interest as at October 31, 2019.


Redemption of Trust Units Issued by NBC Asset Trust
On June 30, 2020, NBC Asset Trust (the Trust), a closed-end trust established by the Bank, redeemed all of the outstanding 350,000 Trust units – Series 2
(NBC CapS II – Series 2) at a per-unit price of $1,000 for gross proceeds of $350 million. The redemption was approved by OSFI. For additional information
about the Trust, see Notes 19 and 27 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019. On July 17, 2020, the Trust
was dissolved.




During the second quarter of 2020, OSFI adjusted regulatory ratio requirements in response to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. For additional
information, see the section entitled “COVID-19 Pandemic – Key Measures Introduced by the Regulatory Authorities” on pages 7 to 9 of this MD&A. The Bank
and all other major Canadian banks have to maintain minimum capital ratios established by OSFI: a CET1 capital ratio of at least 9.0%, a Tier 1 capital ratio of
at least 10.5%, and a Total capital ratio of at least 12.5%. All of these ratios are to include a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%, a 1.0% surcharge applicable
solely to Domestic Systemically Important Banks (D-SIBs), and a 1.0% domestic stability buffer. The domestic stability buffer, which can vary from 0% to 2.5%
of risk-weighted assets, consists exclusively of CET1 capital. A D-SIB that fails to meet this buffer requirement will not be subject to automatic constraints to
reduce capital distributions but will have to provide a remediation plan to OSFI. On March 13, 2020, OSFI lowered the buffer to 1.0%, effective immediately. On
June 23, 2020, OSFI confirmed that the buffer will be maintained at 1.0% until December 2020. The banks also have to meet the capital floor that sets the
regulatory capital level according to the Basel II standardized approach. If the capital requirement under Basel III is less than 70% of the capital requirements
as calculated under Basel II, the difference is added to risk-weighted assets. OSFI requires Canadian banks to meet a Basel III leverage ratio of at least 3.0%.

During the quarter and the nine-month period ended July 31, 2020, the Bank was in compliance with all of OSFI’s regulatory capital requirements.




                                                                                                       As at July 31, 2020              As at July 31, 2020             As at October 31, 2019
                                                                                                                Adjusted(1)
Capital
 CET1                                                                                                             10,608                           10,840                             9,692
 Tier 1                                                                                                           13,058                           13,290                            12,492
 Total                                                                                                            14,336                           14,336                            13,366
Risk-weighted assets                                                                                              94,814                           94,814                            83,039
Total exposure                                                                                                  309,001                          309,001                            308,902
Capital ratios
 CET1                                                                                                                11.2     %                       11.4    %                         11.7 %
 Tier 1                                                                                                              13.8     %                       14.0    %                         15.0 %
 Total                                                                                                               15.1     %                       15.1    %                         16.1 %
Leverage ratio                                                                                                        4.2     %                        4.3    %                          4.0 %

(1)    The Basel III regulatory capital and ratios adjusted as at July 31, 2020 do not include the transitional measure applicable to expected credit loss provisioning. For additional information,
       see the section entitled COVID-19 Pandemic – Key Measures Introduced by the Regulatory Authorities on pages 7 to 9 of this MD&A.
Stock Option Plan
During the quarters ended July 31, 2020 and 2019, the Bank did not award any stock options. During the nine months ended July 31, 2020, the Bank awarded
1,789,280 stock options (2,116,892 stock options during the nine months ended July 31, 2019) with an average fair value of $5.11 per option ($6.14 in 2019).

As at July 31, 2020, there were 11,779,220 stock options outstanding (12,103,626 stock options as at October 31, 2019).

The average fair value of the options awarded was estimated on the award date using the Black-Scholes model as well as the following assumptions.

                                                                                                                                    Nine months ended July 31
                                                                                                                            2020                        2019

Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                    1.94%                      2.50%
Expected life of options                                                                                                  7 years                     7 years
Expected volatility                                                                                                       14.97%                     18.40%
Expected dividend yield                                                                                                    4.29%                      4.37%

During the quarter ended July 31, 2020, a $2 million compensation expense was recorded for this plan ($3 million for the quarter ended July 31, 2019).
During the nine months ended July 31, 2020, a $7 million compensation expense was recorded for this plan ($9 million for the nine months ended
July 31, 2019).
The Bank offers defined benefit pension plans and other post-employment benefit plans to eligible employees. The cost associated with these plans, including
the remeasurements recognized in Other comprehensive income, is presented in the following table.



                                                                                                                                                                             Quarter ended July 31
                                                                                                                                   Pension plans        Other post-employment benefit plans
                                                                                                                     2020                  2019                   2020                2019

Current service cost                                                                                                   32                     24                         −                     1
Interest expense (income), net                                                                                          2                      −                         1                     2
Administrative expenses                                                                                                 1                      1
Expense recognized in Net income                                                                                       35                     25                         1                     3
Remeasurements(1)
 Actuarial (gains) losses on defined benefit obligation                                                               472                    231                     11                        7
 Return on plan assets(2)                                                                                            (318)                  (125)
Remeasurements recognized in Other comprehensive income                                                               154                    106                     11                        7
                                                                                                                      189                    131                     12                       10

                                                                                                                                                                   Nine months ended July 31
                                                                                                                                   Pension plans        Other post-employment benefit plans
                                                                                                                     2020                  2019                   2020                2019

Current service cost                                                                                                  95                      70                         1                     3
Interest expense (income), net                                                                                         6                       1                         3                     5
Administrative expenses                                                                                                3                       3
Expense recognized in Net income                                                                                     104                      74                         4                     8
Remeasurements(1)
 Actuarial (gains) losses on defined benefit obligation                                                               430                    666                     10                       24
 Return on plan assets(2)                                                                                            (623)                  (524)
Remeasurements recognized in Other comprehensive income                                                              (193)                   142                     10                       24
                                                                                                                       (89)                  216                     14                       32

(1)   Changes related to the discount rate and to the return on plan assets are reviewed and updated on a quarterly basis. All other assumptions are updated annually.
(2)   Excludes interest income.
In April 2020, the Bank was reassessed by the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) for additional income tax and interest of approximately $240 million (including
estimated provincial tax and interest) in respect of certain Canadian dividends received by the Bank during 2015.

In prior fiscal years, the Bank was reassessed for additional income tax and interest of approximately $370 million (including provincial tax and interest) in
respect of certain Canadian dividends received by the Bank during the 2014, 2013 and 2012 taxation years.

The transactions to which the above-mentioned reassessments relate are similar to those prospectively addressed by income tax legislation enacted as a
result of the 2015 and 2018 Canadian federal budgets.

The CRA may issue reassessments to the Bank for taxation years subsequent to 2015 in regard to activities similar to those that were the subject of the above-
mentioned reassessments. The Bank remains confident that its tax position was appropriate and intends to vigorously defend its position. As a result, no
amount has been recognized in the consolidated financial statements as at July 31, 2020.




Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing net income attributable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding after taking into account the dilution effect of stock options using the treasury stock method and any gain (loss) on the redemption of preferred
shares.

                                                                                                                        Quarter ended July 31                   Nine months ended July 31
                                                                                                                   2020                  2019                   2020                  2019

Basic earnings per share
Net income attributable to the Bank’s shareholders                                                                589                   591                 1,551                  1,666
Dividends on preferred shares                                                                                      29                    29                    87                     87
Net income attributable to common shareholders                                                                    560                   562                 1,464                  1,579
Weighted average basic number of common shares outstanding (thousands)                                        335,552               334,843               335,390                335,344
Basic earnings per share (dollars)                                                                               1.67                  1.68                  4.37                   4.71

Diluted earnings per share
Net income attributable to common shareholders                                                                    560                   562                 1,464                  1,579
Weighted average basic number of common shares outstanding (thousands)                                        335,552               334,843               335,390                335,344
Adjustment to average number of common shares (thousands)
 Stock options(1)                                                                                               1,679                 2,925                 2,074                  2,778
Weighted average diluted number of common shares outstanding (thousands)                                      337,231               337,768               337,464                338,122
Diluted earnings per share (dollars)                                                                             1.66                  1.66                  4.34                   4.67

(1)   For the quarter ended July 31, 2020, the calculation of diluted earnings per share excluded an average number of 3,381,741 options outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of
      $68.17 (1,766,024 options outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of $64.14 for the quarter ended July 31, 2019), as the exercise price of these options was greater than the
      average price of the Bank’s common shares. For the nine months ended July 31, 2020, the calculation of diluted earnings per share excluded an average number of 3,162,455 options
      outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of $68.17 (1,783,167 options outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of $64.14 for the nine months ended July 31, 2019).
Maple Financial Group Inc.
The Bank has a 24.9% equity interest in Maple Financial Group Inc. (Maple), a privately owned Canadian company that operated through direct and indirect
wholly owned subsidiaries in Canada, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States.

Maple Bank GmbH (Maple GmbH), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Maple, has been the subject of an investigation into alleged tax irregularities by
German prosecutors since September 2015, and the investigation was focusing on selected trading activities by Maple GmbH and some of its former
employees, primarily during taxation years 2006 to 2010. The German authorities have alleged that these trading activities, often referred to as “cum/ex
trading,” violated German tax laws. Neither the Bank nor its employees were involved in these trading activities and, to the Bank’s knowledge, are not the
subject of this investigation. At that time, the Bank announced that if it were determined that portions of the dividends it received from Maple could be
reasonably attributed to tax fraud by Maple GmbH, arrangements would be made to repay those amounts to the relevant authority.

On February 6, 2016, the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority, BaFin, placed a moratorium on the business activities of Maple GmbH preventing it
from carrying out its normal business activities. In August 2016, Maple filed for bankruptcy under applicable Canadian laws, and a trustee was appointed to
administer the company. Similar proceedings were initiated for each of Maple’s other material subsidiaries in their home jurisdictions. In light of the situation,
the Bank wrote off the carrying value of its equity interest in Maple in an amount of $164 million ($145 million net of income taxes) during the first quarter of
2016. The $164 million write-off of the equity interest in this associate was recognized in the Non-interest income – Other item of the Consolidated Statement
of Income for the year ended October 31, 2016 and was reported in the Financial Markets segment.

While there has not yet been a determination of tax fraud on the part of Maple GmbH or its employees, in the insolvency proceedings of Maple GmbH the
German finance office issued a declaration about the result of the tax audit at Maple GmbH and about the relevant tax consequences of the cum/ex trading and
concluded a final tax claim of the tax authorities against the insolvency administrator. This claim was approved by the Maple GmbH creditor assembly.

The Bank has been in contact with the German prosecutors, who have confirmed that, in their view based upon the evidence they have considered since the
occurrence of the insolvency, the Bank was not involved in any respect with the alleged tax fraud undertaken by Maple GmbH nor was it negligent in failing to
identify that alleged fraud. Further to discussions between the Bank and the German prosecutors concerning the amounts deemed attributable to the alleged
tax fraud, the Bank paid 7.7 million euros to the German tax authorities on November 19, 2019. As at October 31, 2019, an $11 million provision was recorded
to reflect this adjusting event after the Consolidated Balance Sheet date.

In December 2019, the Bank, together with the other principal Maple shareholders, reached an agreement with the bankruptcy and insolvency administrator of
Maple GmbH to settle any potential claims that might be asserted against them by or on behalf of Maple GmbH. In connection with the settlement, the Bank
agreed to pay 8.7 million euros for the benefit of Maple GmbH’s creditors and, during the first quarter of 2020, recorded a $13 million charge in the Non-
interest expenses – Other item presented in the Other heading of segment results. During the third quarter of 2020, by virtue of the finalization of this
agreement, all material liabilities associated with the Bank’s ownership of Maple have been resolved.
The Bank carries out its activities in four business segments, which are defined below. For presentation purposes, other activities are grouped in the Other
heading. Each reportable segment is distinguished by services offered, type of clientele, and marketing strategy.

Personal and Commercial
The Personal and Commercial segment encompasses the banking, financing, and investing services offered to individuals, advisors and businesses as well as
insurance operations.

Wealth Management
The Wealth Management segment comprises investment solutions, trust services, banking services, lending services and other wealth management solutions
offered through internal and third-party distribution networks.

Financial Markets
The Financial Markets segment encompasses corporate banking and investment banking and financial solutions for large and mid-size corporations, public
sector organizations, and institutional investors. The segment is also active in proprietary trading and investment activities for the Bank.

U.S. Specialty Finance and International (USSF&I)
The USSF&I segment encompasses the specialty finance expertise provided by the Credigy subsidiary; the activities of the ABA Bank subsidiary, which offers
financial products and services to individuals and businesses in Cambodia; and the activities of targeted investments in certain emerging markets.

Other
This heading encompasses treasury activities, liquidity management, Bank funding, asset/liability management activities, certain non-recurring items, and the
unallocated portion of corporate units.
                                                                                                                                                                      Quarter ended July 31(1)
                                                        Personal and              Wealth                     Financial
                                                         Commercial           Management                      Markets                USSF&I                   Other                      Total
                                                   2020       2019         2020    2019            2020         2019       2020       2019        2020        2019        2020          2019

Net interest income(2)                              600          604         106        112         292           83        198         159       (100)       (103)      1,096          855
Non-interest income(2)(3)                           252          287         344        325         211          358         12          15         53         108         872        1,093
Total revenues                                      852          891         450        437         503          441        210         174        (47)          5       1,968        1,948
Non-interest expenses(4)                            457          461         274        268         206          187         79          69         58         169       1,074        1,154
Income before provisions for credit
 losses and income taxes                            395          430         176        169         297          254        131         105       (105)       (164)         894          794
Provisions for credit losses                         79           57           2          −          41           10         21          19          −           −          143           86
Income before income taxes (recovery)               316          373         174        169         256          244        110          86       (105)       (164)         751          708
Income taxes (recovery)(2)                           83           99          46         44          68           65         23          17        (71)       (125)         149          100
Net income                                          233          274         128        125         188          179         87          69        (34)        (39)         602          608
Non-controlling interests                             −            −           −          −           −            −         10          11          3           6           13           17
Net income attributable
 to the Bank’s shareholders                        233          274         128         125        188          179          77         58        (37)   (45)    589                    591
Average assets                                 116,846      113,132       5,718       6,146    121,544      116,601      14,872     10,972     60,988 41,477 319,968                288,328

                                                                                                                                                               Nine months ended July 31(1)
                                                        Personal and              Wealth                     Financial
                                                         Commercial           Management                      Markets                USSF&I                  Other                      Total
                                                   2020       2019         2020    2019            2020         2019       2020       2019       2020        2019         2020         2019

Net interest income(5)                            1,818        1,771        335        344          677         345         585         476       (284)      (276)       3,131        2,660
Non-interest income(3)(5)                           762          805      1,054        953          882         911           3          47         95        141        2,796        2,857
Total revenues                                    2,580        2,576      1,389      1,297        1,559       1,256         588         523       (189)      (135)       5,927        5,517
Non-interest expenses(4)(6)                       1,384        1,382        834        802          625         547         239         211        204        264        3,286        3,206
Income before provisions for credit
  losses and income taxes                         1,196        1,194        555         495         934          709        349         312       (393)      (399)       2,641        2,311
Provisions for credit losses                        450          178          6           −         212           20         63          60          5          −          736          258
Income before income taxes (recovery)               746        1,016        549         495         722          689        286         252       (398)      (399)       1,905        2,053
Income taxes (recovery)(5)                          197          270        145         130         191          184         40          51       (259)      (300)         314          335
Net income                                          549          746        404         365         531          505        246         201       (139)       (99)       1,591        1,718
Non-controlling interests                             −            −          −           −           −            −         23          33         17         19           40           52
Net income attributable
 to the Bank’s shareholders                        549          746         404        365         531         505          223        168       (156)  (118)  1,551                 1,666
Average assets                                 116,611      112,064       5,881      6,265     121,215     110,218       14,022     10,674     53,683 44,426 311,412               283,647

(1)   For the quarter and nine-month period ended July 31, 2019, certain amounts have been reclassified.
(2)   The Net interest income, Non-interest income and Income taxes (recovery) items of the business segments are presented on a taxable equivalent basis. Taxable equivalent basis is a
      calculation method that consists of grossing up certain tax-exempt income by the amount of income tax that would have been otherwise payable. For the business segments as a whole, Net
      interest income was grossed up by $49 million ($58 million in 2019), Non-interest income was grossed up by $4 million ($36 million in 2019), and an equivalent amount was recognized in
      Income taxes (recovery). The effect of these adjustments has been reversed under the Other heading.
(3)   During the quarter and nine-month period ended July 31, 2019, for the Other heading of segment results, the Non-interest income item had included a $79 million gain on disposal of Fiera
      Capital Corporation shares, a $50 million gain on disposal of premises and equipment, and a $33 million loss resulting from the fair value measurement of an economic interest.
(4)   During the quarter and nine-month period ended July 31, 2019, for the Other heading of segment results, the Non-interest expenses item had included $57 million in impairment losses on
      premises and equipment and on intangible assets, $45 million in onerous contract provisions, and $10 million in severance pay.
(5)   For the nine-month period ended July 31, 2020, Net interest income was grossed up by $162 million ($138 million in 2019), Non-interest income was grossed up by $54 million ($99 million
      in 2019), and an equivalent amount was recognized in Income taxes (recovery). The effect of these adjustments has been reversed under the Other heading.
(6)   During the nine months ended July 31, 2020, for the Other heading of segment results, the Non-interest expenses item included a $13 million charge related to Maple.
Investor Relations                                                              Transfer Agent and Registrar
Financial analysts and investors who want to obtain financial information       For information about stock transfers, address changes, dividends, lost
on the Bank may contact the Investor Relations Department.                      certificates, tax forms, and estate transfers, shareholders of record may
                                                                                contact the transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company of Canada, at the
600 De La Gauchetière Street West, 7th Floor                                    address or telephone number below.
Montreal, Quebec H3B 4L2
Toll-free:   1-866-517-5455                                                     Computershare Trust Company of Canada
Email:       investorrelations@nbc.ca                                           Share Ownership Management
Website:     nbc.ca/investorrelations                                           100 University Avenue, 8th Floor
                                                                                Toronto, Ontario M5J 2Y1
                                                                                Telephone: 1-888-838-1407
Communications and Corporate Social Responsibility                              Fax:        1-888-453-0330
600 De La Gauchetière Street West, 18th Floor                                   Email:      service@computershare.com
Montreal, Quebec H3B 4L2                                                        Website:    computershare.com
Telephone: 514-394-8644
Email:       pa@nbc.ca                                                          Shareholders whose shares are held by a market intermediary are asked to
                                                                                contact the market intermediary concerned.

Quarterly Report Publication Dates for Fiscal 2020                              Direct Deposit Service for Dividends
(subject to approval by the Board of Directors of the Bank)
                                                                                Shareholders may elect to have their dividend payments deposited directly
First quarter                                February 27                        via electronic funds transfer to their bank account at any financial institution
Second quarter                               May 26                             that is a member of the Canadian Payments Association. To do so, they must
Third quarter                                August 26                          send a written request to the transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company
Fourth quarter                               December 2                         of Canada.

                                                                                Dividend Reinvestment and Share Purchase Plan
                                                                                National Bank has a Dividend Reinvestment and Share Purchase Plan for
                                                                                Canadian holders of its common and preferred shares under which they can
                                                                                acquire common shares of the Bank without paying commissions or
                                                                                administration fees. Canadian participants acquire common shares through
                                                                                the reinvestment of cash dividends paid on the shares they hold or through
 Conference Call
                                                                                optional cash payments of at least $1 per payment, up to a maximum of
 —    A conference call for analysts and institutional investors will be held
                                                                                $5,000 per quarter.
      on Wednesday, August 26, 2020 at 1:00 p.m. EDT.
 —    Access by telephone in listen-only mode: 1-800-806-5484 or                For additional information, shareholders may contact National Bank’s
      416-340-2217. The access code is 8516795#.                                registrar and transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company of Canada, at
 —    A recording of the conference call can be heard until                     1-888-838-1407. To participate in the plan, National Bank’s beneficial or
      September 26, 2020 by dialing 1-800-408-3053 or 905-694-9451. The         non-registered common shareholders must contact their financial institution
      access code is 1511461#.                                                  or broker.

 Webcast                                                                        Dividends
 —   The conference call will be webcast live at nbc.ca/investorrelations.      Dividends paid are “eligible dividends” in accordance with the Income Tax
 —   A recording of the webcast will also be available on National Bank’s       Act (Canada).
     website after the call.

 Financial Documents
 —    The Report to Shareholders (which includes the quarterly consolidated
      financial statements) is available at all times on National Bank’s
      website at nbc.ca/investorrelations.
 —    The Report to Shareholders, the Supplementary Financial Information,
      the Supplementary Regulatory Capital and Pillar 3 Disclosure, and a
      slide presentation will be available on the Investor Relations page of
      National Bank’s website on the morning of the day of the conference
      call.
