The financial information reported in this document is based on the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarter and the six-month period ended
April 30, 2020 and is prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), unless
otherwise indicated. IFRS represent Canadian generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). All amounts are presented in Canadian dollars.

MONTREAL, May 26, 2020 – For the second quarter of 2020, National Bank is reporting net income of $379 million compared to $558 million in the second
quarter of 2019. Second-quarter diluted earnings per share stood at $1.01 compared to $1.51 in the second quarter of 2019. The decrease in net income
stems from a considerable increase in provisions for credit losses recorded to reflect a significant deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook caused by
COVID-19 and the expected impacts on our clients. However, income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes on a taxable equivalent basis
totalled $991 million in the second quarter of 2020, a 20% year-over-year increase driven by revenue growth across all business segments.

“The world is enduring extremely challenging times, both from a health and financial perspective. Since the onset of the current crisis, we have prioritized the
well-being of our employees, clients, and communities. We have deployed exceptional efforts to support clients by way of uninterrupted service, numerous
financial relief measures, and an extension of our balance sheet,” said Louis Vachon, President and Chief Executive Officer of National Bank of Canada.

“Despite these unprecedented events, our business has held up well with revenue growth being generated across all business segments, led by Financial
Markets and Wealth Management. For the second quarter, we are reporting provisions for credit losses totalling $504 million, reflecting our most prudent
estimate ahead of an uncertain macroeconomic outlook. At the same time, we have maintained strong capital and liquidity levels with a CET1 ratio of 11.4%
and a liquidity coverage ratio of 149%,’’ added Mr. Vachon.

“At this point in time, the severity and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on the economy are impossible to predict. I am confident that the
resilience of the Bank’s franchise, our defensive positioning, the quality of our credit portfolios, and our strong balance sheet will serve us well as we manage
through these uncertain times.’’




(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                     Quarter ended April 30                           Six months ended April 30
                                                                               2020                2019        % Change             2020               2019        % Change

Net income                                                                      379                558               (32)           989              1,110               (11)
Diluted earnings per share (dollars)                                  $        1.01   $           1.51               (33) $        2.68   $           3.01               (11)
Return on common shareholders’ equity                                          10.7 %             17.8 %                           14.3 %             17.5 %
Dividend payout ratio                                                          45.9 %             41.6 %                           45.9 %             41.6 %

                                                                                                                                   As at               As at
                                                                                                                                April 30,        October 31,
                                                                                                                                   2020                2019
CET1 capital ratio under Basel III                                                                                                 11.4 %              11.7 %
Leverage ratio under Basel III                                                                                                      4.4 %               4.0 %
—     Net income totalled $65 million in the second quarter of 2020 compared to $230 million in the second quarter of 2019, a decrease essentially due to an
      increase in provisions for credit losses on non-impaired loans recorded to reflect a significant deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook caused by
      COVID-19 and the expected impacts on clients.
—     Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes totalled $389 million in the second quarter of 2020, up 3% from $376 million in the second
      quarter of 2019.
—     At $848 million, second-quarter total revenues rose $14 million or 2% year over year.
—     Compared to a year ago, personal lending grew 4%, particularly due to mortgage lending, while commercial lending grew 6% from a year ago.
—     The net interest margin was 2.22% in the second quarter of 2020 compared to 2.23% in the second quarter of 2019.
—     Second-quarter non-interest expenses stood at $459 million, stable compared to the second quarter of 2019.
—     At 54.1%, the second-quarter efficiency ratio improved from 54.9% in the second quarter of 2019.




—     Net income totalled $141 million in the second quarter of 2020, a 21% increase from $117 million in the second quarter of 2019.
—     Second-quarter total revenues amounted to $474 million compared to $426 million in second quarter 2019, a $48 million or 11% increase driven mainly
      by growth in transaction-based and other revenues as well as in fee-based revenues.
—     Second-quarter non-interest expenses stood at $278 million, up 4% from $267 million in the second quarter of 2019.
—     At 58.6%, the efficiency ratio improved from 62.7% in the second quarter of 2019.




—     Net income totalled $159 million in the second quarter of 2020 compared to $158 million in the second quarter of 2019.
—     Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes on a taxable equivalent basis(1) totalled $378 million in the second quarter of 2020, up 70%
      from $223 million in the second quarter of 2019.
—     Total revenues on a taxable equivalent basis(1) amounted to $598 million, a $193 million or 48% year-over-year increase attributable essentially to the
      global markets revenue category.
—     Second-quarter non-interest expenses stood at $220 million compared to $182 million in the second quarter of 2019.
—     The segment recorded $162 million in provisions for credit losses in the second quarter of 2020 versus $7 million in the second quarter of 2019, with the
      increase stemming from a significant deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook caused by COVID-19 and the expected impacts on clients.
—     At 36.8%, the second-quarter efficiency ratio on a taxable equivalent basis(1) improved from 44.9% in the second quarter of 2019.




—     Net income totalled $74 million in the second quarter of 2020, a 3% increase from $72 million in the second quarter of 2019.
—     Second-quarter total revenues amounted to $183 million, a 3% year-over-year increase driven by revenue growth at the ABA Bank subsidiary.
—     Second-quarter non-interest expenses stood at $82 million, an $8 million year-over-year increase attributable to the expansion of ABA Bank’s banking
      network.




—     The Other heading of segment results posted a net loss of $60 million in the second quarter of 2020 compared to a net loss of $19 million in the second
      quarter of 2019. This change came mainly from an increase in non-interest expenses, in particular expenses incurred to implement health and safety
      measures for employees and clients in response to the pandemic.




—     As at April 30, 2020, the Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio under Basel III was 11.4%, compared to 11.7% as at October 31, 2019.
—     As at April 30, 2020, the Basel III leverage ratio was 4.4%, an increase from October 31, 2019.




(1)   See the Financial Reporting Method section on page 12 for additional information on non-GAAP financial measures.
The following Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents the financial condition and operating results of National Bank of Canada (the Bank).
This analysis was prepared in accordance with the requirements set out in National Instrument 51-102, Continuous Disclosure Obligations, released by the
Canadian Securities Administrators (CSA). It is based on the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements (the consolidated financial
statements) for the quarter and six-month period ended April 30, 2020 and prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), unless otherwise indicated. IFRS represent Canadian generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP). This MD&A should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes for the quarter and six-month period
ended April 30, 2020 and with the 2019 Annual Report. All amounts are presented in Canadian dollars. Additional information about the Bank, including the
Annual Information Form, can be obtained from the Bank’s website at nbc.ca and SEDAR’s website at sedar.com.

COVID-19 Pandemic                                                                           4                             Securitization and Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements                                           22
Economic Review and Outlook                                                                10                             Income Taxes                                                                                23
Highlights                                                                                 11                             Contingent Liabilities                                                                      23
Financial Reporting Methods                                                                12                           Capital Management                                                                            24
Financial Analysis                                                                         13                           Risk Management                                                                               28
  Consolidated Results                                                                     13                           Risk Disclosures                                                                              42
  Results by Segment                                                                       16                           Accounting Policies and Financial Disclosure                                                  43
  Consolidated Balance Sheet                                                               20                             Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates                                       43
  Event After the Consolidated Balance Sheet Date                                          22                             Future Accounting Policy Changes                                                            44
  Exposures to Certain Activities                                                          22                             Financial Disclosure                                                                        44
  Related Party Transactions                                                               22                           Quarterly Financial Information                                                               45


Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
From time to time, the Bank makes written and oral forward-looking statements such as those contained in this document, in other filings with Canadian securities regulators, and in other communications. All
such statements are made in accordance with applicable securities legislation in Canada and the United States. Forward-looking statements in this document may include, but are not limited to, statements with
respect to the economy—particularly the Canadian and U.S. economies—market changes, the Bank’s objectives, outlook and priorities for fiscal year 2020 and beyond, its strategies or future actions for achieving
them, expectations for the Bank’s financial condition, the regulatory environment in which it operates, the potential impacts of — and the Bank’s response to — the COVID-19 pandemic, and certain risks it faces.
These forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as “outlook”, “believe”, “foresee”, “forecast”, “anticipate”, “estimate”, “project”, “expect”, “intend”, “plan”, and similar expressions of
future or conditional verbs such as “will”, “may”, “should”, “could” or “would”.

Such forward-looking statements are made for the purpose of assisting the holders of the Bank’s securities in understanding the Bank’s financial position and results of operations as at and for the periods ended
on the dates presented, as well as the Bank’s financial performance objectives, vision and strategic goals, and may not be appropriate for other purposes.

By their very nature, these forward-looking statements require assumptions to be made and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and specific. Assumptions about the performance of the
Canadian and U.S. economies in 2020, including in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic, and how that will affect the Bank’s business are among the main factors considered in setting the Bank’s strategic
priorities and objectives and, including provisions for credit losses. In determining its expectations for economic conditions, both broadly and in the financial services sector in particular, the Bank primarily
considers historical economic data provided by the governments of Canada, the United States and certain other countries in which the Bank conducts business, as well as their agencies.

There is a strong possibility that the Bank’s express or implied predictions, forecasts, projections, expectations or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that its assumptions may not be correct and that its
financial performance objectives, vision and strategic goals will not be achieved. The Bank recommends that readers not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, as a number of factors, many of
which are beyond the Bank’s control, including the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, could cause actual results to differ significantly from the expectations, estimates or intentions expressed in these
statements. These factors include credit risk, market risk, liquidity and funding risk, operational risk, regulatory compliance risk, reputation risk, strategic risk and environmental risk, all of which are described in
more detail in the Risk Management section beginning on page 58 of the Bank’s 2019 Annual Report, and more specifically, general economic environment and financial market conditions in Canada, the United
States and certain other countries in which the Bank conducts business; regulatory changes affecting the Bank’s business; geopolitical uncertainty; important changes in consumer behaviour; Canadian housing
and household indebtedness; changes in the Bank’s customers’ and counterparties’ performance and creditworthiness; changes in the accounting policies the Bank uses to report its financial condition, including
uncertainties associated with assumptions and critical accounting estimates; tax laws in the countries in which the Bank operates, primarily Canada and the United States (including the U.S. Foreign Account Tax
Compliance Act (FATCA)); changes to capital and liquidity guidelines and to the manner in which they are to be presented and interpreted; changes to the credit ratings assigned to the Bank; potential disruption to
key suppliers of goods and services to the Bank; potential disruptions to the Bank’s information technology systems, including evolving cyberattack risk; and possible impacts of catastrophic events affecting
local and global economies, including natural disasters and public health emergencies such as the COVID-19 pandemic.

Statements about the expected impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Bank’s business, results of operations, corporate reputation, financial position and liquidity, and on the global economy may be
inaccurate and differ, possibly materially, from what is currently expected as they depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted.

The foregoing list of risk factors is not exhaustive. Additional information about these factors can be found in the Risk Management section of the Bank’s 2019 Annual Report and in the COVID-19 Pandemic section
of this Report to Shareholders for the Second Quarter of 2020. Investors and others who rely on the Bank’s forward-looking statements should carefully consider the above factors as well as the uncertainties they
represent and the risks they entail.

Except as required by law, the Bank does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, by it or on its behalf.
COVID-19 emanates from an emerging infectious disease, namely, the coronavirus disease. The coronavirus strain was detected in November 2019 in the city
of Wuhan in central China, and then spread throughout the world. In early January 2020, the Chinese government implemented strict lockdown procedures and
forced several cities—and then an entire region—to remain under lockdown, closing many public sites and enforcing considerable sanitary measures. On
January 13, 2020, a first case was reported outside mainland China, and on January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization (WHO) declared that the outbreak
of the new coronavirus constituted an international public health emergency.

On March 11, 2020, the WHO declared that the COVID-19 outbreak constituted a pandemic, requiring important protective measures be taken to prevent
overcrowding at intensive care units and also to strengthen preventive hygiene (limiting physical contact, prohibiting gatherings and major events as well as
unnecessary travel and movement, promoting handwashing, enforcing lockdown, etc.). The global pandemic prompted many countries, including Canada, to
implement lockdown and social distancing measures designed to slow the development of new contagion hotbeds. Those measures included the closing of
borders in many countries and the cancellation of sporting and cultural events around the world, triggering a sudden and widespread drop in market
capitalizations on all major stock exchanges around the world arising from the uncertainty and fears about the global economy.

In Canada, banking services are considered essential services and are therefore being maintained despite the lockdown and social distancing measures. Given
the current economic and social conditions, the Bank is committed to supporting its employees, clients, and communities. The Bank has ensured the
continuity of all its activities since the beginning of this unprecedented crisis. All of its experts have been mobilized to guide and support clients and answer
their questions during this period of uncertainty.

Risk Factors
The spread of COVID-19 has had disruptive and adverse effects in countries in which the Bank operates and more broadly on the global economy. It has caused
increased volatility and declines in financial markets, disruptions to global supply chains, a sharp and sudden rise in unemployment, and an economic
slowdown. Governments, monetary authorities, and regulators have taken actions to support the economy and the financial system, including taking fiscal and
monetary measures to increase liquidity and support incomes, as well as implementing regulatory flexibility measures in respect of capital and liquidity
requirements for financial institutions. If the COVID-19 pandemic is prolonged, the adverse impact on the global economy could deepen, augmenting financial
market volatility, corporate insolvency risks, and negative household wealth impacts.

The continuation or worsening of the economic conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic could have a significant adverse effect on the business, results of
operations, corporate reputation, and financial condition of the Bank. It may also have the effect of heightening many of the top and emerging risks the Bank
faces, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity and funding risk, operational risk, regulatory compliance risk, reputation risk, strategic risk and
environmental risk, all of which are described in more detail in the Risk Management section in this report and in the Bank’s 2019 Annual Report.

The spread of COVID-19 has put certain top and emerging risks to which the Bank is exposed into perspective, such as:

     •    Credit, market, and liquidity and funding risks: Sudden rise in unemployment, reduced demand for financial products and services, changes to
          payment terms leading to reduced margins or unprofitable loans, increased borrower defaults leading to increased credit losses and lower
          mortgaged property values, constraints on liquidity and capital.
     •    Technology and information security risk: Increased use of digital channels, massive teleworking (including for critical operations), increased
          reliance on certain shared technology infrastructures, and an increase in external threats.
     •    Third-party risk: Government restrictions and measures affecting service delivery, disruptions to key suppliers of goods and services, fourth-party
          risk, increased use of cloud computing (high concentration of suppliers), and potential financial difficulties among third parties deemed critical.
     •    Human capital risk: Business disruption resulting from potential absenteeism in the current context (preventive withdrawals, work-life balance,
          unpaid leave), increased work environment stress for employees who are in contact with clients (fear of being infected or infecting loved ones),
          challenges related to working from home (isolation and lack of interaction with peers), complexities of integrating and training new resources in the
          context of a pandemic, issues relating to health and safety at work (spread of the virus in the workplace, ergonomic risks linked to working from
          home).
     •    Execution risk and cybersecurity risk: Vulnerability related to errors, operational flexibility (government moratoriums and programs, indexing in the
          systems of these new programs, processes, controls and accountability to be defined and implemented) and processing capacity (accumulation and
          processing of delays, increase in client calls, increased use of digital solutions, and increase in transactions).
     •    Strategic risk (client focus): Increased use of remote services, managing government programs that address financial difficulties faced by clients,
          temporary closure of several branches, changes in behaviours resulting from COVID-19, and increased risk of fraud.
The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic negatively affects the Bank’s business, results of operations, corporate reputation and financial condition,
including its regulatory capital and liquidity ratios and ability to meet regulatory and other requirements as well as the global economy and financial markets
will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. These future developments include the scope, severity and duration of
the pandemic, actions and measures taken by governmental, monetary, and regulatory authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic, and the
impact and effectiveness of those actions and measures.

The Bank’s processes are designed to detect and assess these risks as early as possible so that appropriate mitigating strategies can be applied. Decision-
making is supported by risk assessments and management processes that are consistent with the Bank’s risk appetite and by prudent levels of capital and
liquidity. For additional information, see the sections entitled Risk Management in this MD&A and in the 2019 Annual Report.

During the quarter ended April 30, 2020, the Bank accelerated and increased the frequency of several activities as part of its risk management framework,
including:

     •    Stress tests and crisis simulations: Identification of vulnerabilities, ability to absorb shocks, and remediation mechanisms.
     •    Enterprise-wide risk management committee: Regular reporting on credit risk, market risk, liquidity and funding risk, and operational and fraud risk
          as well as on the evolution of capital.
     •    Reports and forecasts provided to management and to the Office of the President on a regular basis (daily, bi-weekly and weekly, as applicable).
     •    Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (Canada) (OSFI): Regular reporting and responses to several ad hoc requests.
     •    OSFI, Bank of Canada and Finance Minister of Canada: More frequent communications.
     •    Activation of the corporate crisis unit: Deployed to manage business continuity.
     •    Internal and external communications: More frequent communications to stakeholders, by the President and Chief Executive Officer, by
          management – Employee Experience, and by other members of management, depending on the target audience.

To protect its clients and employees, the Bank has implemented measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19. It has temporarily adjusted the number of open
service points and modified the business hours of its branches while ensuring safe access to banking services, with particular attention being paid to banking
machines. In addition, since March 13, 2020, the Bank has asked all employees whose tasks allow them to work from home to do so until further notice.
Employees who were required to work on site received clear health guidelines, and some have used alternate sites in order to comply with the requested social
distancing.

The Bank’s Financial Performance
In light of COVID-19 and its impact on global and local economies, Canadian banks are facing a difficult situation. This exceptional situation has led to
significant changes in the overall market, such as business closures and temporary layoffs, low interest rates, declining and volatile stock markets, declining
oil prices, and government measures implemented in response to COVID-19.

Macroeconomic Factors
Assumptions about the performance of the Canadian and U.S. economies in 2020, including in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic and how that will affect
the Bank, are among the main factors considered in setting the Bank’s strategic priorities and objectives, including provisions for credit losses. In determining
its expectations for economic conditions, both broadly and in the financial services sector in particular, the Bank primarily considers historical economic data
provided by the governments in Canada, the United States and certain other countries in which the Banks conducts business, as well as their agencies.

The main macroeconomic factors used when estimating allowances for credit losses on loans and other financial assets are as follows: gross domestic product
(GDP), the unemployment rate, the housing price index, the rate spread on BBB bonds, the stock market (S&P/TSX), and the West Texas Intermediate (WTI) oil
price. For each scenario, namely, the base scenario, upside scenario, and downside scenario, the average of the values over the next 12 months and the
average of the values over the remaining forecast period for each macroeconomic factor are used to estimate the expected credit losses for the personal credit
portfolio and for the business and government credit portfolio.

During the quarter ended April 30, 2020, the main macroeconomic factors deteriorated considerably given the shutdown of non-essential services. In the year
ahead, the economic variables are expected to fluctuate significantly from one quarter to the next. In some instances, the next-12-month data obscures these
significant fluctuations. For example, the 1.4% anticipated GDP growth rate in the base scenario for the next 12 months includes a 32% annualized contraction
in the first quarter and a 42% rebound in the second quarter. With respect to the unemployment rate, the anticipated 8.5% for the next 12 months includes an
11.8% unemployment rate in the first quarter and a 7.8% rate in the second quarter.
According to the base scenario, the Canadian economy will rebound in the second half of the year as lockdown measures are lifted, but the unemployment rate
will remain high at the end of 2020, i.e., above pre-recession levels. Oil will rebound slightly at year’s end and rise by the end of 2021. Given a difficult labour
market and reduced immigration, housing prices and the S&P/TSX will decline.

According to the upside scenario, the economy will rebound more strongly thanks to medical breakthroughs that help fight COVID-19. Fiscal and monetary
stimulus measures will limit the damage in terms of destroyed capacity. The unemployment rate at the end of 2020 will be only slightly above pre-recession
levels. At year’s end, declines in housing prices and the S&P/TSX will be less pronounced and the price of oil will bounce back.

According to the downside scenario, the uncertainties surrounding COVID-19 will provoke a deeper recession. Global trade will remain depressed for longer,
and disappointing corporate earnings will inflict a new round of stress on the financial markets. The result will be greater destruction of capacity than in the
base scenario. Consequently, the unemployment rate will remain at higher levels.

Given uncertainty surrounding the key inputs used to measure credit losses, the Bank has applied expert credit judgment to adjust the modelled ECL results.
For additional information, see the Economic Review and Outlook section of this MD&A and Note 7 to the financial statements.

Impact on Results
Major disruptions in the global environment in which the Bank operates have affected its financial results, in particular its provisions for credit losses, which
were increased considerably to reflect a significant deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook caused by COVID-19 and the expected impacts on our clients.
However, income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes increased, as revenue was up across all business segments, especially in the Financial
Markets segment, which experienced strong growth. Non-interest expenses were also affected by measures taken to protect the health and safety of
employees serving clients in these exceptional circumstances as well as by decreases in certain variable expenses and other discretionary costs.

For additional information, refer to the Financial Analysis and Business Segment Analysis sections of this MD&A.

Relief Measures for Clients
In response to the economic and financial environment resulting from COVID-19, the Bank announced a series of support measures for the clients of its main
business segments during March and April 2020. Some of these measures were initiated by the Canadian government and regulatory authorities, together
with the Canadian banks, and were implemented quickly to come to the assistance of individuals and businesses. These measures are designed to provide
financial support to clients facing the economic consequences of COVID-19. The main relief measures are described below.

Clients – Individuals

                    Mortgages
                                                                            Credit cards                                            Transactions
                  Personal loans


 •     Payment deferrals of up to six months on           •    Deferral of minimum monthly payment for            •    Temporary removal of certain transaction
       mortgage loans.                                         a period of up to 90 days.                              fees:
 •     Deferral of minimum payment for up to              •    Annual interest rate reduced to 10.9% on                 – Interac e-Transfer service charge.
       three months on home equity lines of                    purchases and cash advances during the                   – Charges for stop payment requests
       credit (All-In-OneTM).                                  deferral period, depending on an analysis                    by cheque or preauthorized debit.
 •     Payment deferrals of up to three months                 of the file.                                             – Interest charges on an overdraft.
       on personal loans.                                 •    Permanent or temporary increase to credit
                                                               card limit.




As at April 30, 2020, the Bank has approved payment deferral for approximately 114,000 Personal Banking clients. The gross carrying value of loans subject to
these deferrals totalled $8.6 billion for residential mortgages, $756 million for personal loans, and $66 million for credit card receivables.

In addition, through its insurance subsidiary, the Bank offered easing measures on home and auto insurance products, including discounts of 15% for a period
of three months. Approximately 13,000 clients elected to avail themselves of these easing measures during the quarter ended April 30, 2020.
Clients – Businesses

                       Loans                                                Credit cards                                          Transactions


 •    Canada Emergency Business Account                  •    Deferral of minimum monthly payment for a           •    Increase to the weekly limit of incoming
      (CEBA) for small- and medium-sized                      period of up to 90 days on certain Business              Interac e-transfers.
      enterprises and non-profit organizations: A             cards.                                              •    Temporary removal of charges for stop
      $40,000 interest-free loan up to                   •    Contactless payments over $100 at                        payment requests.
      December 31, 2022 supported by the                      participating merchants.
      Canadian government (Eligibility: have
      paid from $20,000 to $1.5 million in
      salaries in 2019).
 •    Concerted Temporary Action Program for
      Businesses (CTAPB): Working capital loan
      of at least $71,500 supported by
      Investissement Québec (Eligibility: history
      of satisfactory profitability).
 •    Business Credit Availability Program
      (BCAP) for exporting or non-exporting
      businesses, supported by Export
      Development Canada: Operating credit and
      cash flow term loans of up to $6.25 million
      in Canadian dollars only.
 •    Principal payment deferrals of up to six
      months.

As at April 30, 2020, the Bank had granted 20,714 loans under the CEBA program, 9 loans under the CTAPB program, and 5 loans under the BCAP program.

In addition, the Bank is addressing the specific needs of its Commercial Banking clients and Financial Markets clients to support them during this
unprecedented crisis. As at April 30, 2020, the Bank had approved payment deferrals for approximately 3,100 Commercial Banking and Financial Markets
clients. The gross carrying value of loans subject to these deferrals totalled $4.5 billion.

Key Measures Introduced by the Regulatory Authorities
Like all Canadian financial institutions, the Bank is facing regulatory changes that are being implemented at an increasing rate. As described below, as part of
a coordinated effort by Government of Canada agencies, OSFI and other regulatory authorities governing the Bank’s activities have taken a number of actions
to reinforce the resilience of Canadian banks and improve the stability of the Canadian financial system and economy in response to challenges posed by
COVID-19 and current market conditions. Regulatory authorities are also stepping up their oversight activities and focusing on the effects of the pandemic on
the activities, capital strength, and liquidity of regulated entities.

OSFI, market participants, and financial institutions all recognize the critical need for strong capital and liquidity and effective risk management. OSFI has
strengthened its requirements and its supervisory efforts in all of these areas since the 2008 global financial crisis. These measures have improved the
resilience of Canadian banks in periods of stress.

OSFI continues to actively monitor the evolving COVID-19 situation and has been in frequent contact with banks to assess their operational capacity and
actions to address the current environment. As a result of these discussions and the measures announced in March and April 2020, OSFI announced a
continuance of the regulatory flexibility measures to support COVID-19-related efforts while promoting financial resilience and stability. The main key
measures are described on the following pages.
Capital Management
One of the requirements imposed by OSFI after the 2008 financial crisis was the creation of the Domestic Stability Buffer (the buffer) requirement applicable to
Canadian domestic systemically important banks (D-SIBs). The buffer's countercyclical design enables D-SIBs to use the capital they have built up during good
times when it may be needed most. On March 13, 2020, OSFI lowered the buffer from 2.25% of risk-weighted assets to 1.0%. This action is being taken in
order to support D-SIBs’ ability to supply credit to the economy during an expected period of disruption related to COVID-19 and market conditions. OSFI will
continue to analyze the buffer level and could reduce it more as needed. OSFI also stated its commitment that any increases to the buffer will not take effect
for at least 18 months from March 13, 2020 in addition to its expectation for all banks to interrupt any dividend increases and share buybacks for the time
being.

On March 27, 2020, OSFI announced a series of additional measures for banks in response to the difficulties caused by the spread of COVID-19, including:

     •    Treatment of regulatory capital for expected credit loss (ECL) accounting purposes: As other regulatory agencies are doing, OSFI has introduced
          transitional arrangements applicable to the ECL provisioning method set out in the Basel framework. This will result in a portion of allowances that
          would otherwise be included in Tier 2 capital to be included in CET1 capital. Although the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) is
          allowing jurisdictions the option of applying a 100% add-back of allowances to CET1 capital, OSFI believes that a maximum add-back of 70% is
          appropriate. This increased amount is adjusted for tax effects and multiplied by a scaling factor that decreases over time. The scaling factor will be
          set at 70% in fiscal 2020, 50% in fiscal 2021, and 25% in fiscal 2022. The three-year transition will help banks to phase-in the impact of increased
          ECL allowances in CET1 capital while also acknowledging that these provisions are being taken.
     •    Deferral of loan payments: The bank loans subject to payment deferrals, such as mortgage loans, personal loans, and small business loans,
          continue to be treated as performing loans under the Capital Adequacy Requirement guideline. This is to assist banks in responding to clients
          managing through hardships caused by the crisis.
     •    Reduction of stressed Value-at-Risk (VaR) multipliers under market risk: On a temporary basis, banks subject to market risk capital requirements
          and using the AIRB approach may reduce the stressed VaR multiplier that was being applied at the end of first quarter 2020 by two. This reduction
          can be applied retrospectively for the entirety of the second quarter of 2020.
     •    Removal of funding valuation adjustment (FVA) hedges in market risk: Banks must remove hedges of FVA from the calculation of market risk capital.
          Doing so addresses an asymmetry in the current rule where these hedges of FVA are included in the calculation while the underlying exposures to
          FVA are not. This treatment should be back-dated to the beginning of the second quarter of 2020.
     •    Capital floor: OSFI is lowering the floor factor from 75% to 70%. The 70% floor factor is expected to stay in place until the domestic implementation
          of the Basel III capital floor in the first quarter of 2023. The 70% factor ensures that the floor continues to protect against model risk while
          maintaining the risk sensitivity of the capital framework for banks subject to the Advanced IRB approach.
     •    Leverage ratio: Banks can temporarily exclude the following exposures from the leverage ratio exposure measure: (1) Central bank reserves;
          (2) Sovereign-issued securities by borrowers that qualify as high-quality liquid assets (HQLA) under the Liquidity Adequacy Requirements guideline.
          This treatment will remain in place until April 30, 2021 unless OSFI decides to maintain the exclusion for a longer period. Capital freed up through
          this measure should not be distributed (e.g., as dividends or bonus payments) and should rather be used to support lending and financial
          intermediation activities.
     •    Margin required for non-centrally cleared derivatives: In line with a decision by the BCBS and International Organization of Securities Commissions,
          OSFI is extending the deadline for the implementation of the final two phases of the initial margin requirements for non-centrally cleared derivatives
          outlined in OSFI’s E-22 guideline by one year. With this extension, the final implementation phase will take place on September 1, 2022, at which
          point covered entities with an aggregate average notional amount (AANA) of non-centrally cleared derivatives greater than $12 billion will be subject
          to the requirements. As an intermediate step, from September 1, 2021, covered entities with an AANA of non-centrally cleared derivatives greater
          than $75 billion will be subject to the requirements.
     •    Delaying implementation of the Basel III reforms: The Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision (GHOS), which oversees the BCBS,
          announced a postponement to the implementation of the reforms of the Basel III capital international standard published in December 2017. OSFI
          has therefore postponed until the first quarter of 2023 the implementation dates applicable to the revisions to the Standardized Approach and AIRB
          Approach to credit risk, the operational risk framework, and the leverage ratio framework, as well as the introduction of a more risk-sensitive capital
          floor. Implementation of the Pillar 3 financial disclosure requirements finalized by the BCBS in December 2018 has also been delayed until at least
          the first quarter of 2023. Lastly, implementation of the final set of revisions to the new market risk framework entitled Fundamental Review of the
          Trading Book published in January 2019 as well as the revised credit valuation adjustment (CVA) risk framework is being delayed to the first quarter
          of 2024.

For additional information, refer to the Capital Management section of this MD&A.
Liquidity Management
To help Canadians through this difficult period caused by the COVID-19 crisis, the Bank of Canada has taken policy actions designed to restore financial
market functioning, to ensure that financial institutions have adequate liquidity, and to provide households and businesses with access to the credit they
need. To ensure banks have sufficient liquidity to support clients and to alleviate impaired market liquidity in Canada, the central bank has implemented
liquidity facilities and asset purchase programs. The liquidity facilities include the existing term repo facility where the terms of the loans have been extended
and the list of eligible collateral has been expanded. Also, a new standing term liquidity facility (STLF) has been introduced to complement the existing liquidity
tools and to further strengthen the resilience of the Canadian financial system. Asset purchase programs implemented by the Bank of Canada and the Canada
Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC) cover a wide range of securities (treasury bills, bankers’ acceptances, bonds, and mortgage-backed securities) and
issuers (government and corporate). All of these programs have stabilized the funding markets and supported the flow of credit to households and businesses.

The Bank of Canada has also used monetary policy to respond to the COVID-19 crisis. It has lowered its target for the overnight rate by 150 basis points to
0.25%. Longer-term interest rates have also gone down significantly, and the interest rates of the Government of Canada curve are now mostly below 1%. Also,
the limit for covered bonds has been temporarily increased to provide better access to Bank of Canada facilities, and banks are allowed to draw on their HQLA
assets, thereby falling below the 100% threshold required by the Liquidity Adequacy Requirements guideline for the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR).

The Bank entered the crisis with a strong liquidity position, and it has maintained sound and prudent liquidity management throughout the quarter ended
April 30, 2020. Deposit levels continued to grow, and the Bank has participated in certain Bank of Canada programs designed to provide credit to its clients
and to substitute some short-term funding. In light of the government liquidity facilities and household and business needs, the Bank is maintaining a liquidity
buffer that will enable it to further support its clients.

For additional information, refer to the Risk Management – Liquidity and Funding Risk section of the MD&A.
Global Economy
The global economy clearly entered a recession in the first quarter of 2020. The cause of the crisis is unprecedented, as it involves an intentional closing of
non-essential services by governments to limit the spread of COVID-19. Also unprecedented are the fiscal and monetary measures that have been taken by
political leaders to limit economic damage and prepare for recovery. The combined actions of governments has alleviated financial stress, but much
uncertainty remains about the magnitude of the economic shock. Ultimately, the impact will depend on the pace at which the economy reopens, whether new
waves of infections occur, and whether medical breakthroughs lead to a vaccine or drug that relieves symptoms. The pandemic may also compel governments
to review industrial policies and return to local production of critical supplies, including health equipment and pharmaceuticals. A process of deglobalization
could accelerate, and belligerent rhetoric between the White House and China does not bode well for relations between the two great economic powers. While
an economic rebound is expected in the second half of the year, global GDP should contract by 4%(1) this year.

The longest economic expansion in the United States since World War II has officially ended. The lockdowns declared by governments in March brought the
economy to an abrupt halt, triggering a recession that began with a 4.8% annualized contraction in GDP in the first quarter. Since the resulting shutdown of
non-essential services lasted several weeks, a much larger contraction is expected in the second quarter. The impact on the labour market in April was
apocalyptic, as 22 million jobs were eliminated in the blink of an eye. Within the course of two months, all the jobs created since 1999 disappeared. Millions of
these jobs will quickly reappear as the lockdown is gradually lifted and economic growth returns, but the recovery will not be complete, as a certain amount of
industrial capacity will likely be permanently destroyed. Even though the U.S. federal government pulled out the big guns and may record a deficit of about
17%(1) of GDP, we expect U.S. GDP to decline 6%(1) in 2020, representing its worst performance since 1946.

Canadian Economy
To counter the adverse impact of social distancing measures, Canadian governments acted swiftly and decisively to support household income and provide
financial support to businesses. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) data indicates that Canadian governments are expected to report the largest change in
fiscal balance among advanced countries, suggesting the largest stimulus. The Bank of Canada lowered its key rate and provided a massive injection of
liquidity into financial markets, which helped ease tensions. While containment measures were fully implemented in April, the employment data gives us an
idea of the short-term economic damage. Cumulative job losses arising from closures of non-essential services totalled three million in March and April,
representing a dramatic 16% decline in the workforce. However, there is reason to believe that the job loss data underestimates the scale of the economic
shock. Some workers have lost their jobs, while others have seen their hours worked greatly reduced. The number of hours worked has tumbled 28% since
February in Canada. More restrictive social distancing measures and the economic shock in the energy sector could mean a sharper contraction in Canada than
in the United States. GDP is expected to contract by 7.1%(1) in 2020.

Quebec Economy
The Quebec government was one of the first in Canada to order a closure of non-essential services and took a broader approach to ‘non-essential’ than
elsewhere in the country, which meant also shutting down the construction and mining sectors. It is therefore no surprise that economic contraction in the
second quarter has been sharper in Quebec, as corroborated by a larger decline in hours worked in April (34%). Since Montreal is the epicentre of the
pandemic in Canada, the city’s economy may be opened more gradually than elsewhere. While economic activity is poised to rebound as early as May in
Quebec, as social distancing measures are gradually lifted, the fact remains that unused labour market capacity is expected to persist for some time. In
Quebec as in Canada as a whole, more than one-fifth of jobs are concentrated in sectors that will be tested in the coming months, in particular the retail,
hospitality and restaurant, arts and entertainment, and air transport sectors. After Quebec’s economy outpaced the rest of Canada’s for two years, the year
2020 could see a reversal with an 8.0%(1) contraction in the province’s economy. Still, we remain optimistic that the province’s economy will rebound more
strongly in the coming quarters, as the Quebec government has some fiscal room to maneuver, households are in better financial positions, and housing prices
are lower, making them less vulnerable to a correction.




(1)   GDP growth expectations, Economics group of National Bank Financial
(millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts)                                                    Quarter ended April 30                                     Six months ended April 30
                                                                                    2020                     2019        % Change                  2020                      2019       % Change
Operating results
Total revenues                                                                    2,036                    1,770                 15              3,959                     3,569                11
Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes                         915                      744                 23              1,747                     1,517                15
Net income                                                                          379                      558                (32)               989                     1,110               (11)
Net income attributable to the Bank’s shareholders                                  368                      539                (32)               962                     1,075               (11)
Return on common shareholders’ equity                                              10.7 %                   17.8 %                                14.3 %                    17.5 %
Earnings per share
 Basic                                                       $                      1.01        $           1.52                (34) $             2.70         $            3.03              (11)
 Diluted                                                                            1.01                    1.51                (33)               2.68                      3.01              (11)
Operating results on a taxable equivalent basis
 and excluding specified items(1)
Total revenues on a taxable equivalent basis                                      2,112                    1,850                14               4,122                     3,712                11
Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes
 on a taxable equivalent basis and excluding specified items                        991                      824                 20              1,923                     1,660                16
Net income excluding specified items                                                379                      558                (32)               999                     1,110               (10)
Return on common shareholders’ equity
 excluding specified items                                                          10.7 %                  17.8 %                                 14.5 %                    17.5 %
Efficiency ratio on a taxable equivalent basis and
 excluding specified items                                                          53.1 %                  55.5 %                                 53.3 %                    55.3 %
Earnings per share excluding specified items(1)
 Basic                                                       $                      1.01        $           1.52                (34) $             2.73         $            3.03              (10)
 Diluted                                                                            1.01                    1.51                (33)               2.71                      3.01              (10)
Common share information
Dividends declared                                           $                     0.71         $           0.65                       $          1.42          $           1.30
Book value                                                                        38.74                    35.49                                 38.74                     35.49
Share price
 High                                                                            74.79                    63.82                                 74.79                     63.82
 Low                                                                             38.73                    60.31                                 38.73                     54.97
 Close                                                                           56.14                    63.82                                 56.14                     63.82
Number of common shares (thousands)                                            335,400                  335,116                               335,400                   335,116
Market capitalization                                                           18,829                   21,387                                18,829                    21,387

                                                                                                                                                    As at                  As at
                                                                                                                                                 April 30,           October 31,
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                      2020                  2019          % Change
Balance sheet and off-balance-sheet
Total assets                                                                                                                                   316,950                 281,458                  13
Loans and acceptances, net of allowances                                                                                                       162,728                 153,251                   6
Deposits                                                                                                                                       201,445                 189,566                   6
Equity attributable to common shareholders                                                                                                      12,995                  12,328                   5
Assets under administration and under management                                                                                               548,677                 565,396                  (3)
Regulatory ratios under Basel III(2)
Capital ratios
 Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1)                                                                                                                        11.4 %                 11.7 %
 Tier 1                                                                                                                                             14.4 %                 15.0 %
 Total                                                                                                                                              15.5 %                 16.1 %
Leverage ratio                                                                                                                                       4.4 %                  4.0 %
Liquidity coverage ratio (LCR)                                                                                                                       149 %                  146 %
Regulatory ratios under Basel III (adjusted) (3)
Capital ratios
 CET1                                                                                                                                               11.2 %
 Tier 1                                                                                                                                             14.2 %
 Total                                                                                                                                              15.5 %
Leverage ratio                                                                                                                                       4.3 %
Other information
Number of employees – Worldwide                                                                                                                  26,589                 25,487                   4
Number of branches in Canada                                                                                                                        413                    422                  (2)
Number of banking machines in Canada                                                                                                                933                    939                  (1)
(1)   See the Financial Reporting Method section on page 12 for additional information on non-GAAP financial measures.
(2)   The ratios as at April 30, 2020 do not include the transitional measures granted by OSFI. For additional information, see the section entitled COVID-19 Pandemic – Key Measures Introduced
      by the Regulatory Authorities on pages 7 to 9 of this MD&A.
(3)   The adjusted ratios as at April 30, 2020 do not include the transitional measure applicable to expected credit loss provisioning. For additional information, see the section entitled COVID-19
      Pandemic – Key Measures Introduced by the Regulatory Authorities on pages 7 to 9 of this MD&A.
As stated in Note 2 to its audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019, the Bank adopted IFRS 16 on
November 1, 2019. As permitted by the IFRS 16 transitional provisions, the Bank elected to apply IFRS 16 using the modified retrospective basis, with no
restatement of comparative periods. Note 2 to these consolidated financial statements presents the impacts of IFRS 16 adoption on the Bank’s Consolidated
Balance Sheet as at November 1, 2019 and additional information on adoption of IFRS 16. Since interim consolidated financial statements do not include all of
the annual financial statement disclosures required under IFRS, they should be read in conjunction with the audited annual consolidated financial statements
and accompanying notes for the year ended October 31, 2019.




The Bank uses a number of financial measures when assessing its results and measuring overall performance. Some of these financial measures are not
calculated in accordance with GAAP, which are based on IFRS. Presenting non-GAAP financial measures helps readers to better understand how management
analyzes results, shows the impacts of specified items on the results of the reported periods, and allows readers to assess results without the specified items
if they consider such items not to be reflective of the underlying performance of the Bank’s operations. Securities regulators require companies to caution
readers that non-GAAP financial measures do not have standardized meanings under GAAP and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures used by
other companies.

Like many other financial institutions, the Bank uses the taxable equivalent basis to calculate net interest income, non-interest income, and income taxes. This
calculation method consists of grossing up certain tax-exempt income (particularly dividends) by the income tax that would have been otherwise payable. An
equivalent amount is added to income taxes. This adjustment is necessary in order to perform a uniform comparison of the return on different assets
regardless of their tax treatment.




(millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts)                                                    Quarter ended April 30                              Six months ended April 30
                                                                                         2020                  2019      % Change               2020                 2019        % Change

Net income excluding specified items(1)
 Personal and Commercial                                                                   65                  230             (72)             316                  472               (33)
 Wealth Management                                                                        141                  117              21              276                  240                15
 Financial Markets                                                                        159                  158               1              343                  326                 5
 U.S. Specialty Finance and International                                                  74                   72               3              159                  132                20
 Other                                                                                    (60)                 (19)                             (95)                 (60)
Net income excluding specified items                                                      379                  558             (32)             999                1,110               (10)
 Charge related to Maple(2)                                                                 −                    −                              (10)                   −
Net income                                                                                379                  558             (32)             989                1,110               (11)
Diluted earnings per share excluding specified items                            $        1.01        $        1.51             (33) $          2.71         $       3.01               (10)
 Charge related to Maple(2)                                                                 −                    −                            (0.03)                   −
Diluted earnings per share                                                      $        1.01        $        1.51             (33) $          2.68         $       3.01               (11)
Return on common shareholders’ equity
 Including specified items                                                               10.7 %               17.8 %                           14.3 %               17.5 %
 Excluding specified items                                                               10.7 %               17.8 %                           14.5 %               17.5 %

(1)   For the quarter and six-month period ended April 30, 2019, certain amounts have been reclassified.
(2)   During the six-month period ended April 30, 2020, the Bank recorded a charge of $13 million ($10 million net of income taxes) related to Maple Financial Group Inc. (Maple) in the Other
      heading of segment results following the event that occurred in December 2019, as described in the Contingent Liabilities section on page 23 of this MD&A.
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                   Quarter ended April 30               Six months ended April 30
                                                                                                2020              2019       % Change        2020         2019       % Change

Operating results
Net interest income                                                                           1,105               942              17      2,035        1,805              13
Non-interest income                                                                             931               828              12      1,924        1,764               9
Total revenues                                                                                2,036             1,770              15      3,959        3,569              11
Non-interest expenses                                                                         1,121             1,026               9      2,212        2,052               8
Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes                                     915               744              23      1,747        1,517              15
Provisions for credit losses                                                                    504                84             500        593          172             245
Income before income taxes                                                                      411               660             (38)     1,154        1,345             (14)
Income taxes                                                                                     32               102             (69)       165          235             (30)
Net income                                                                                      379               558             (32)       989        1,110             (11)
Diluted earnings per share (dollars)                                                           1.01              1.51             (33)      2.68         3.01             (11)
Taxable equivalent basis(1)
Net interest income                                                                               56                45                       113           80
Non-interest income                                                                               20                35                        50           63
Income taxes                                                                                      76                80                       163          143
Impact of taxable equivalent basis on net income                                                   −                 −                         −            −
Specified items(1)
Charge related to Maple                                                                            −                     −                   (13)            −
Specified items before income taxes                                                                −                     −                   (13)            −
Income taxes on specified items                                                                    −                     −                    (3)            −
Specified items after income taxes                                                                 −                     −                   (10)            −
Operating results on a taxable equivalent basis and
  excluding specified items(1)
Net interest income on a taxable equivalent basis                                             1,161               987              18      2,148        1,885              14
Non-interest income on a taxable equivalent basis                                               951               863              10      1,974        1,827               8
Total revenues on a taxable equivalent basis                                                  2,112             1,850              14      4,122        3,712              11
Non-interest expenses excluding specified items                                               1,121             1,026               9      2,199        2,052               7
Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes on a
 taxable equivalent basis and excluding specified items                                         991                824             20      1,923        1,660              16
Provisions for credit losses                                                                    504                 84            500        593          172             245
Income before income taxes on a taxable equivalent basis and
 excluding specified items                                                                      487                740            (34)     1,330        1,488             (11)
Income taxes on a taxable equivalent basis and excluding specified items                        108                182            (41)       331          378             (12)
Net income excluding specified items                                                            379                558            (32)       999        1,110             (10)
Diluted earnings per share excluding specified items (dollars)                                 1.01               1.51            (33)      2.71         3.01             (10)

Average assets                                                                             312,788           283,172               10     307,087     281,268               9
Average loans and acceptances                                                              160,008           147,139                9     157,253     146,602               7
Average deposits                                                                           205,097           180,421               14     202,002     178,423              13
Efficiency ratio on a taxable equivalent basis and excluding specified items(1)               53.1 %            55.5 %                       53.3 %      55.3 %

(1)   See the Financial Reporting Method section on page 12 for additional information on non-GAAP financial measures.
Financial Results
For the second quarter of 2020, the Bank reported net income of $379 million compared to $558 million in the second quarter of 2019. Second-quarter diluted
earnings per share stood at $1.01 compared to $1.51 in the second quarter of 2019. The decrease in net income was due to a considerable increase in
provisions for credit losses recorded to reflect a significant deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook caused by COVID-19 and the expected impacts on our
clients. However, income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes on a taxable equivalent basis totalled $991 million in the second quarter of
2020, a 20% year-over-year increase driven by revenue growth across all business segments.

For the six month-period ended April 30, 2020, the Bank’s net income totalled $989 million, down 11% from $1,110 million in the same period of 2019, and its
first-half diluted earnings per share stood at $2.68, down 11% from $3.01 in the same period of 2019. These decreases were essentially due to the credit loss
provisions recorded in second quarter 2020 to reflect the impacts of COVID-19. However, income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes on a
taxable equivalent basis and excluding specified items totalled $1,923 million for the six-month period ended April 30, 2020, a 16% year-over-year increase
driven by revenue growth across all business segments. The first-half specified item, net of income taxes, consisted of a $10 million charge related to Maple.

Return on common shareholders’ equity was 14.3% for the six months ended April 30, 2020 compared to 17.5% in the same period of 2019.

Total Revenues
For the second quarter of 2020, the Bank’s total revenues amounted to $2,036 million, rising $266 million or 15% year over year. The Personal and
Commercial Banking’s second-quarter total revenues were up 2%, driven by growth in loan and deposit volumes and by an increase in revenues from derivative
financial instruments. These increases were tempered by a decrease in credit card revenues, as credit card transactions fell due to pandemic-related
circumstances, in particular temporary closures of businesses and non-essential services and the lockdown imposed by governments. The Wealth
Management segment’s total revenues were up 11% owing mainly to an increase in fee-based revenues and in transaction-based and other revenues. In the
Financial Markets segment, total revenues on taxable equivalent basis rose 48% owing mainly to a solid increase in global markets revenues. And the USSF&I
segment's total revenues were up 3% owing essentially to revenue growth at the ABA Bank subsidiary, partly offset by a decrease in revenues at the Credigy
subsidiary, as the fair values of certain loan portfolios were revised downward to reflect unfavourable market conditions. Total revenues on a taxable
equivalent basis amounted to $2,112 million in the second quarter of 2020, up 14% from $1,850 million in the second quarter of 2019.

For the six-month period ended April 30, 2020, total revenues amounted to $3,959 million, up $390 million or 11% from $3,569 million in the same six-month
period of 2019. The Personal and Commercial segment's first-half total revenues were up 3%, mainly due to growth in loan and deposit volumes tempered by
lower credit card revenues. The increase in total revenues was also due to higher fee-based revenues and transaction-based and other revenues in the Wealth
Management segment. In the Financial Markets segment, first-half total revenues on a taxable equivalent basis rose $241 million year over year, mainly due to
an increase in global markets revenues. Lastly, in the USSF&I segment, first-half total revenues were up 8%, as business growth at ABA Bank drove higher loan
and deposit volumes, whereas Credigy's first-half revenues declined year over year. First-half total revenues on a taxable equivalent basis amounted to
$4,122 million, up 11% from $3,712 million in the same period of 2019.

Non-Interest Expenses
In the second quarter of 2020, non-interest expenses stood at $1,121 million, up 9% from the second quarter of 2019. The increase in non-interest expenses
was mainly due to an increase in compensation and employee benefits, in particular the variable compensation associated with the revenue growth
experienced across all business segments. Also contributing to the increase in second-quarter non-interest expenses were the expenses incurred by the Bank
to implement health and safety measures for its employees and clients during the exceptional pandemic-related circumstances. These increases were
tempered by decreases in certain variable expenses and other discretionary costs.

The first-half non-interest expenses stood at $2,212 million, up 8% year over year, essentially due to the same reasons as those provided for the second
quarter. Other factors contributing to the first-half year-over-year increase in non-interest expenses were higher occupancy fees resulting mainly from the
expansion of ABA Bank’s banking network as well as higher technology investment expenses incurred as part of the Bank’s transformation plan and for
business development. In addition, the other expenses item included a $13 million charge related to Maple in the first six months of 2020.
Provisions for Credit Losses
For the second quarter of 2020, the Bank recorded $504 million in provisions for credit losses compared to $84 million in the same quarter of 2019. This
considerable increase mainly reflects a significant deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook (in particular GDP growth, the unemployment rate, and oil
prices) caused by COVID-19 and the expected impacts of the pandemic on the Bank's clients. The higher credit loss provisions recorded in all business
segments relate essentially to provisions on non-impaired loans. Furthermore, Commercial Banking and the Financial Markets segment increased credit loss
provisions on impaired loans.

For the six-month period ended April 30, 2020, the Bank recorded $593 million in provisions for credit losses compared to $172 million in the same period of
2019. This increase stems from the same reasons as those provided for the second quarter, in particular the significant deterioration in the macroeconomic
outlook caused by COVID-19. The higher credit loss provisions on impaired loans recorded by Commercial Banking and by the Financial Markets segment were
tempered somewhat by a decrease in the credit loss provisions on impaired loans recorded by the Credigy subsidiary as a result of repayments and maturities
in certain loan portfolios.

Income Taxes
For the second quarter of 2020, income taxes stood at $32 million compared to $102 million in the same quarter of 2019. The 2020 second-quarter effective
tax rate was 8% compared to 15% in second quarter 2019. This change in effective tax rate stems mainly from a decrease in the income tax rate applicable to
the ABA subsidiary, as the Cambodian government has granted tax incentive measures, and from a higher proportion of tax-exempt dividend income compared
to the same quarter of 2019.

For the six months ended April 30, 2020, the effective income tax rate stood at 14% compared to 17% in the same period of 2019. This change in effective tax
rate was due to the same reasons as those provided above for the second quarter.
The Bank carries out its activities in four business segments: Personal and Commercial, Wealth Management, Financial Markets, and U.S. Specialty Finance
and International. For presentation purposes, other operating activities, certain non-recurring items and Treasury activities are grouped in the Other heading.
Each reportable segment is distinguished by services offered, type of clientele, and marketing strategy.

Personal and Commercial

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                  Quarter ended April 30                Six months ended April 30
                                                                                         2020                 2019(1)       % Change        2020       2019(1)       % Change

Operating results
Net interest income                                                                     607                 578                     5      1,218       1,167                 4
Non-interest income                                                                     241                 256                    (6)       510         518                (2)
Total revenues                                                                          848                 834                     2      1,728       1,685                 3
Non-interest expenses                                                                   459                 458                     −        927         921                 1
Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes                             389                 376                     3        801         764                 5
Provisions for credit losses                                                            301                  63                              371         121
Income before income taxes                                                               88                 313                  (72)        430         643              (33)
Income taxes                                                                             23                  83                  (72)        114         171              (33)
Net income                                                                               65                 230                  (72)        316         472              (33)
Net interest margin(2)                                                                 2.22 %              2.23 %                           2.21 %      2.23 %
Average interest-bearing assets                                                     111,161             106,074                    5     110,585     105,726                5
Average assets                                                                      117,052             111,910                    5     116,493     111,521                4
Average loans and acceptances                                                       116,536             111,433                    5     115,986     111,003                4
Net impaired loans(3)                                                                   399                 357                   12         399         357               12
Net impaired loans(3) as a % of average loans and acceptances                           0.3 %               0.3 %                            0.3 %       0.3 %
Average deposits                                                                     63,869              60,578                    5      64,131      60,848                5
Efficiency ratio                                                                       54.1 %              54.9 %                           53.6 %      54.7 %

(1)   For the quarter and six-month period ended April 30, 2019, certain amounts have been reclassified.
(2)   Net interest margin is calculated by dividing net interest income by average interest-bearing assets.
(3)   Net impaired loans are presented net of allowances for credit losses on Stage 3 loan amounts drawn.


In the Personal and Commercial segment, net income totalled $65 million in the second quarter of 2020 compared to $230 million in the second quarter of
2019. This decrease stems essentially from the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, in particular a considerable increase in provisions for credit losses
recorded to reflect a significant deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook and the expected impacts on the segment’s clients. However, the segment’s
second-quarter income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes was up 3% year over year. The segment’s total revenues grew $14 million, or 2%,
mainly due to a $29 million increase in net interest income driven by growth in personal and commercial loan and deposit volumes, which more than offset the
impact of lower interest rates on the segment’s revenues. This revenue increase was tempered by a $15 million decrease in second-quarter non-interest
income resulting from lower credit card revenues.

Personal Banking’s second-quarter total revenues declined $3 million year over year. An increase in net interest income, driven by growth in loan and deposit
volumes, was tempered by a decrease in credit card revenues, as credit card transactions fell due to pandemic-related circumstances, in particular temporary
closures of businesses and non-essential services and the lockdown imposed by governments. As for Commercial Banking’s second-quarter total revenues,
they rose $17 million due to higher net interest income and to higher derivative financial instrument revenues.

For the second quarter of 2020, the Personal and Commercial segment's non-interest expenses stood at $459 million, stable compared to the second quarter
of 2019. An increase in compensation and employee benefits was offset by a decrease in operations support charges. At 54.1%, the segment’s second-quarter
efficiency ratio improved by 0.8 percentage points compared to the second quarter of 2019. The segment recorded $301 million in provisions for credit losses,
a $238 million year-over-year increase related mainly to higher provisions on non-impaired Personal Banking and Commercial Banking loans and on non-
impaired credit card receivables, to reflect a significant deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook caused by COVID-19 and the expected impacts of the
pandemic on the segment’s clients. The provisions for credit losses on Commercial Banking's impaired loans were also up compared to the same quarter in
2019.

For the six-month period ended April 30, 2020, the Personal and Commercial segment’s net income totalled $316 million, down from $472 million in the same
period of 2019, mainly due to an increase in provisions for credit losses related to the impacts of COVID-19. However, the segment's income before provisions
for credit losses and income taxes rose $37 million or 5%, and its first-half total revenues grew 3% year over year. The growth in Personal Banking's first-half
total revenues was due to growth in loan and deposit volumes, tempered by a decrease in card revenues. As for Commercial Banking’s first-half total revenues,
they were up due to growth in loan and deposit volumes as well as to an increase in bankers' acceptance revenues and an increase in derivative financial
instrument revenues. First-half non-interest expenses rose $6 million or 1% year over year, due to increases in compensation and employee benefits and in
technology expenses. These increases were tempered by a decrease in operations support charges and in amortization expense arising from the segment's
activities. At 53.6% for the six months ended April 30, 2020, the efficiency ratio improved by 1.1 percentage points compared with the same six-month period
of 2019. The segment's first-half provisions for credit losses rose $250 million year over year, with this increase being due to the same reasons as those
provided for the quarter.
Wealth Management


(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                Quarter ended April 30                Six months ended April 30
                                                                                        2020                2019(1)       % Change        2020       2019(1)       % Change
Operating results
Net interest income                                                                    110                 108                   2         229         232               (1)
Fee-based revenues                                                                     267                 249                   7         540         491               10
Transaction-based and other revenues                                                    97                  69                  41         170         137               24
Total revenues                                                                         474                 426                  11         939         860                9
Non-interest expenses                                                                  278                 267                   4         560         534                5
Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes                            196                 159                  23         379         326               16
Provisions for credit losses                                                             4                   −                               4           −
Income before income taxes                                                             192                 159                  21         375         326               15
Income taxes                                                                            51                  42                  21          99          86               15
Net income                                                                             141                 117                  21         276         240               15
Average assets                                                                       5,984               6,154                  (3)      5,963       6,326               (6)
Average loans and acceptances                                                        4,793               4,829                  (1)      4,779       4,871               (2)
Net impaired loans(2)                                                                    3                   3                   −           3           3                −
Average deposits                                                                    34,474              32,486                   6      33,441      32,813                2
Assets under administration and under management                                   548,677             549,391                   −     548,677     549,391                −
Efficiency ratio                                                                      58.6 %              62.7 %                          59.6 %      62.1 %

(1)   For the quarter and six-month period ended April 30, 2019, certain amounts have been reclassified.
(2)   Net impaired loans are presented net of allowances for credit losses on Stage 3 loan amounts drawn.


In the Wealth Management segment, net income totalled $141 million in the second quarter of 2020, a 21% increase from $117 million in the second quarter
of 2019. The segment’s second-quarter total revenues amounted to $474 million, up $48 million or 11% from $426 million in the second quarter of 2019. This
revenue growth was driven mainly by a 41% increase in transaction-based and other revenues, as volatility in the financial markets during the second quarter
of 2020 led to greater trading volume. Fee-based revenues also increased, rising 7%, as the average assets under administration and under management
exceeded the average of the second quarter of 2019, despite a decline in value of the assets in the second quarter of 2020 attributable to the current crisis.

For the second quarter of 2020, Wealth Management’s non-interest expenses stood at $278 million, a 4% year-over-year increase arising mainly from higher
variable compensation associated with growth in the segment's revenues. At 58.6%, the segment's second-quarter efficiency ratio on a taxable equivalent
basis improved by 4.1 percentage points compared to the second quarter of 2019. The segment's second-quarter provisions for credit losses stood at
$4 million; they represent provisions on non-impaired loans and were recorded to reflect a significant deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook caused by
COVID-19.

For the six months ended April 30, 2020, the Wealth Management segment’s net income totalled $276 million, up 15% from $240 million in the same six-
month period of 2019. The segment's first-half total revenues amounted to $939 million, up 9% from $860 million in the same period of 2019. This increase in
fee-based revenues was driven by net inflows into various solutions. First-half transaction-based and other revenues grew 24% year over year owing to an
increase in trading volume resulting from stock market volatility during this period. Net interest income was down slightly as a result of smaller deposit
margins. First-half non-interest expenses stood at $560 million compared to $534 million in first-half 2019, with the increase resulting from higher
compensation and employee benefits and higher operations support charges related to the segment's initiatives. At 59.6%, the efficiency ratio for the six-
month period ended April 30, 2020 improved from 62.1% in the same period of 2019. The segment's first-half credit loss provisions were up $4 million year
over year, as provisions for credit losses on non-impaired loans were recorded during the second quarter of 2020 to reflect a significant deterioration in the
macroeconomic outlook caused by COVID-19.
Financial Markets

(taxable equivalent basis)(1)
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                             Quarter ended April 30                Six months ended April 30
                                                                                       2020              2019(2)       % Change        2020       2019(2)       % Change
Operating results
Global markets
 Equities                                                                              227                 123               85        401         260                54
 Fixed-income                                                                          105                  64               64        190         129                47
 Commodities and foreign exchange                                                       64                  29              121         94          77                22
                                                                                       396                 216               83        685         466                47
Corporate and investment banking                                                       202                 189                7        371         349                 6
Total revenues on a taxable equivalent basis                                           598                 405               48      1,056         815                30
Non-interest expenses                                                                  220                 182               21        419         360                16
Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes
 on a taxable equivalent basis                                                        378                 223                70         637         455               40
Provisions for credit losses                                                          162                   7                           171          10
Income before income taxes on a taxable equivalent basis                              216                 216                 −         466         445                5
Income taxes on a taxable equivalent basis                                             57                  58                (2)        123         119                3
Net income                                                                            159                 158                 1         343         326                5
Average assets                                                                    120,474             109,485                10     121,049     106,974               13
Average loans and acceptances (Corporate Banking only)                             19,436              16,407                18      18,217      16,317               12
Net impaired loans(3)                                                                  56                   3                            56           3
Average deposits                                                                   37,039              29,045                28      35,587      28,201               26
Efficiency ratio on a taxable equivalent basis(1)                                    36.8 %              44.9 %                        39.7 %      44.2 %

(1)   See the Financial Reporting Method section on page 12 for additional information on non-GAAP financial measures.
(2)   For the quarter and six-month period ended April 30, 2019, certain amounts have been reclassified.
(3)   Net impaired loans are presented net of allowances for credit losses on Stage 3 loan amounts drawn.


In the Financial Markets segment, net income totalled $159 million in the second quarter of 2020, up 1% from $158 million in the second quarter of 2019.
Increases across all of the segment's revenue categories were tempered by an increase in provisions for credit losses recorded to reflect a significant
deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook caused by COVID-19 and the expected impacts on this segment's clients. Income before provisions for credit
losses and income taxes on a taxable equivalent basis totalled $378 million in the second quarter of 2020, rising $155 million or 70% from the second quarter
of 2019, as the segment was able to benefit from greater business activity in all its business lines. Total revenues on a taxable equivalent basis amounted to
$598 million, up 48% from $405 million in the second quarter of 2019. Second-quarter global markets revenues grew 83% year over year, as revenues from
equity securities and from fixed-income securities were up 85% and 64%, respectively, and revenues from commodities and foreign exchange activities also
increased. The segment’s second-quarter revenues from corporate and investment banking services were up 7% year over year as a result of higher revenues
from merger and acquisition activities and of government bond issuances.

Second-quarter non-interest expenses stood at $220 million, a 21% year-over-year increase that was essentially due to higher variable compensation
associated with revenue growth in the second quarter of 2020 as well as to higher transaction costs associated with business growth. At 36.8%, the second-
quarter efficiency ratio on a taxable equivalent basis improved by 8.1 percentage points compared to 44.9% in the second quarter of 2019, with the
improvement owing to a sharp increase in the segment's revenues. The segment's second-quarter provisions for credit losses stood at $162 million compared
to $7 million in the same quarter of 2019. This increase, representing mainly provisions on non-impaired loans, reflects the environment created by COVID-19,
in particular a significant deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook and the expected impacts on the segment's clients. As for second-quarter provisions for
credit losses on impaired loans, they were up $15 million year over year.

For the six months ended April 30, 2020, the segment’s net income totalled $343 million, up 5% from the same six-month period in 2019. First-half total
revenues on a taxable equivalent basis amounted to $1,056 million compared to $815 million for the six months ended April 30, 2019. Income before
provisions for credit losses and income taxes on a taxable equivalent basis were up $182 million or 40% for the six-month period ended April 30, 2020
compared to the same period in 2019. First-half revenues from the Global Markets category increased 47% year over year, with the growth coming from all
types of revenues. As for corporate and investment banking revenues, they were up 6% year over year due to revenue growth generated by merger and
acquisition activities and by capital markets activities.

First-half non-interest expenses rose $59 million or 16% year over year, due to an increase in compensation and employee benefits and higher transaction
costs associated with business growth. At 39.7%, the first-half efficiency ratio on a taxable equivalent basis improved from 44.2% in the same period of 2019.
The segment recorded $171 million in provisions for credit losses during the six-month period ended April 30, 2020 compared to $10 million during the same
six-month period of 2019, an increase that stems mainly from credit loss provisions on non-impaired loans recorded during the second quarter of 2020 in
response to the economic environment created by COVID-19.
U.S. Specialty Finance and International (USSF&I)

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                               Quarter ended April 30                     Six months ended April 30
                                                                                       2020                2019           % Change             2020       2019         % Change

Total revenues
 Credigy                                                                                82                 107                  (23)           180        212               (15)
 ABA Bank                                                                               99                  69                   43            194        134                45
 International                                                                           2                   2                                   4          3
                                                                                       183                 178                    3            378        349                 8
Non-interest expenses
 Credigy                                                                                34                  42                  (19)            70         78               (10)
 ABA Bank                                                                               47                  31                   52             88         62                42
 International                                                                           1                   1                                   2          2
                                                                                        82                  74                   11            160        142                13
Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes                            101                 104                   (3)           218        207                 5
Provisions for credit losses
 Credigy                                                                                24                  12                                   31         35              (11)
 ABA Bank                                                                                8                   2                                   11          6               83
                                                                                        32                  14                 129               42         41                2
Income before income taxes                                                              69                  90                 (23)             176        166                6
Income taxes                                                                            (5)                 18                                   17         34
Net income                                                                              74                  72                    3             159        132               20
Non-controlling interests                                                                4                  12                  (67)             13         22              (41)
Net income attributable to the Bank’s shareholders                                      70                  60                   17             146        110               33
Average assets                                                                      14,715              10,600                   39          13,592     10,523               29
Average loans and receivables                                                       11,733               8,711                   35          10,796      8,760               23
Net impaired loans – Stage 3(1)                                                         21                  16                   31              21         16               31
Purchased or originated credit-impaired (POCI) loans                                 1,105               1,263                  (13)          1,105      1,263              (13)
Average deposits                                                                     4,813               3,238                   49           4,591      2,994               53
Efficiency ratio                                                                      44.8 %              41.6 %                               42.3 %     40.7 %

(1)   Net impaired loans – Stage 3 exclude POCI loans and are presented net of allowances for credit losses on Stage 3 loan amounts drawn.


In the USSF&I segment, net income totalled $74 million in the second quarter of 2020, a 3% increase from $72 million in the same quarter of 2019. Revenue
growth posted by the ABA Bank subsidiary was tempered by lower revenues at the Credigy subsidiary, the latter's results having been affected by the
economic environment created by the global pandemic. For the six months ended April 30, 2020, the USSF&I segment’s net income totalled $159 million, a
20% increase from $132 million in the same six-month period of 2019.

Credigy
For the second quarter of 2020, the Credigy subsidiary’s net income totalled $19 million, a 55% decrease from the same quarter of 2019. Credigy's second-
quarter total revenues amounted to $82 million, down from $107 million in the second quarter of 2019, as the fair values of certain loan portfolios were
revised downward to reflect unfavourable market conditions. The subsidiary's second-quarter non-interest expenses were down $8 million year over year,
mainly due to a decrease in variable compensation and collection costs. Credigy recorded $24 million in credit loss provisions for the second quarter of 2020
compared to $12 million in the same quarter of 2019, an increase that reflects the significant deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook caused by COVID-19
and the expected impacts on the subsidiary's portfolios.

For the six month-period ended April 30, 2020, the Credigy subsidiary's net income totalled $62 million, down 21% from the same period of 2019. Credigy’s
first-half total revenues amounted to $180 million, down from $212 million in the first half of 2019 arising from changes in the loan portfolio mix and the
impacts of COVID-19. The subsidiary's first-half non-interest expenses were down $8 million as a result of a decrease in variable compensation and collection
costs. Its provisions for credit losses, which totalled $31 million in the first half of 2020, fell $4 million from $35 million in the first half of 2019 as a result of
repayments and maturities of certain loan portfolios.

ABA Bank
For the second quarter of 2020, the ABA Bank subsidiary's net income totalled $54 million, rising 86% from the second quarter of 2019. A 43% increase in
ABA Bank's second-quarter revenues was driven by sustained growth in loan and deposit volumes. The subsidiary's second-quarter non-interest expenses rose
52% year over year, mainly due to its growing banking network. For the second quarter of 2020, ABA Bank recorded $8 million in provisions for credit losses, a
year-over-year increase that reflects the expected impacts of the global pandemic on the subsidiary's clients.

For the six month-period ended April 30, 2020, ABA Bank's net income totalled $95 million, up 79% from the same period in 2019. Year over year, ABA Bank's
first-half total revenues rose 45% and its first-half non-interest expenses rose 42%, with both increases owing to the subsidiary’s business growth. ABA Bank's
provisions for credit losses, totalling $11 million in the first half of 2020, rose $5 million year over year.

The subsidiary's effective tax rate was down in both the second quarter and first-half period ended April 30, 2020 due to tax incentive measures granted by the
Cambodian government and recorded during the second quarter of 2020.
Other

(taxable equivalent basis)(1)
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                             Quarter ended April 30            Six months ended April 30
                                                                                                                         2020             2019(2)             2020             2019(2)

Operating results
Net interest income on a taxable equivalent basis                                                                        (27)               (43)               (71)              (93)
Non-interest income on a taxable equivalent basis                                                                         36                 50                 92                96
Total revenues on a taxable equivalent basis                                                                               9                  7                 21                 3
Non-interest expenses                                                                                                     82                 45                146                95
Income before provisions for credit losses and income taxes on a taxable equivalent basis                                (73)               (38)              (125)              (92)
Provisions for credit losses                                                                                               5                  −                  5                 −
Income before income taxes on a taxable equivalent basis                                                                 (78)               (38)              (130)              (92)
Income taxes (recovery) on a taxable equivalent basis                                                                    (18)               (19)               (25)              (32)
Net loss                                                                                                                 (60)               (19)              (105)              (60)
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                  7                  7                 14                13
Net loss attributable to the Bank’s shareholders                                                                         (67)               (26)              (119)              (73)

Specified items after income taxes(1)                                                                                   −                    −                (10)                −
Net loss excluding specified items(1)                                                                                 (60)                 (19)               (95)              (60)
Average assets                                                                                                     54,563               45,023             49,990            45,924

(1)   See the Financial Reporting Method section on page 12 for additional information on non-GAAP financial measures.
(2)   For the quarter and six-month period ended April 30, 2019, certain amounts have been reclassified.


For the Other heading of segment results, there was a net loss of $60 million in the second quarter of 2020 compared to a net loss of $19 million in the second
quarter of 2019. This change in net loss was mainly due to an increase in non-interest expenses, in particular variable compensation, technology investments
made to execute the Bank’s transformation plan and for business development activities, and expenses incurred by the Bank to implement health and safety
measures for employees and clients in response to the exceptional circumstances presented by COVID-19. These increases were tempered by decreases in
certain variable expenses and other discretionary costs. In addition, the Bank recorded $5 million in provisions for credit losses for the second quarter of 2020
to reflect a significant deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook caused by COVID-19.

For the six-month period ended April 30, 2020, there was a net loss of $105 million compared to a net loss of $60 million in the same six-month period of
2019. This change in net loss came mainly from an increase in non-interest expenses resulting from the same factors as provided for the quarter and from the
Maple-related charge recorded during the first quarter of 2020. These items were partly offset by higher revenues from treasury activities during the first six
months of 2020. The specified items for the six-month period ended April 30, 2020, which include the Maple-related charge recorded during the quarter, had a
$10 million unfavourable impact on the net income in the Other heading.




Consolidated Balance Sheet Summary
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                  As at April 30, 2020      As at October 31, 2019            % Change

Assets
Cash and deposits with financial institutions                                                                                27,800                    13,698                    103
Securities                                                                                                                   84,667                    82,226                      3
Securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowed                                             17,710                    17,723                      −
Loans and acceptances, net of allowances                                                                                    162,728                   153,251                      6
Other                                                                                                                        24,045                    14,560                     65
                                                                                                                            316,950                   281,458                     13

Liabilities and equity
Deposits                                                                                                                    201,445                   189,566                      6
Other                                                                                                                        98,912                    75,983                     30
Subordinated debt                                                                                                               779                       773                      1
Equity attributable to the Bank’s shareholders                                                                               15,445                    14,778                      5
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                       369                       358                      3
                                                                                                                            316,950                   281,458                     13
Assets
As at April 30, 2020, the Bank had total assets of $317.0 billion, a $35.5 billion or 13% increase from $281.5 billion as at October 31, 2019. Cash and
deposits with financial institutions, totalling $27.8 billion as at April 30, 2020, increased $14.1 billion, mainly due to deposits with the Bank of Canada as well
as deposits with financial institutions. The increase in the deposits with the Bank of Canada stems partly from the liquidity obtained as part of financing
initiatives implemented by the Canadian government through the Bank of Canada, the objective of which is to support the Canadian financial system during
the COVID-19 pandemic. The increase in deposits with financial institutions stems from greater deposits with the U.S. Federal Reserve.

Since October 31, 2019, securities rose $2.5 billion, due to a $1.2 billion or 2% increase in securities at fair value through profit or loss and a $1.3 billion
increase in securities other than those measured at fair value through profit or loss. Securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and securities
borrowed remained stable.

Totalling $162.7 billion as at April 30, 2020, loans and acceptances, net of allowances, rose $9.4 billion or 6% since October 31, 2019. The following table
provides a breakdown of the main loan and acceptance portfolios.

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                               As at April 30, 2020   As at October 31, 2019       As at April 30, 2019

Loans and acceptances
Residential mortgage and home equity lines of credit                                                   83,639                    80,214                    77,052
Personal                                                                                               13,456                    13,901                    14,299
Credit card                                                                                             1,901                     2,322                     2,324
Business and government                                                                                64,765                    57,492                    55,750
                                                                                                      163,761                   153,929                   149,425
Allowances for credit losses                                                                           (1,033)                     (678)                     (683)
                                                                                                      162,728                   153,251                   148,742

Residential mortgages (including home equity lines of credit) were up $3.4 billion or 4% compared to October 31, 2019 due to sustained demand for mortgage
credit as well as to business growth at the ABA Bank subsidiary. Since October 31, 2019, personal loans and credit card receivables each decreased by
$0.4 billion, while loans and acceptances to business and government were up $7.3 billion or 13% owing to growth in corporate financial services activities
and to growth at the Credigy subsidiary.

When compared to April 30, 2019, loans and acceptances grew $14.0 billion or 9% and residential mortgages (including home equity lines of credit) were up
$6.5 billion or 8% due to sustained demand for mortgage credit and to business growth at the ABA Bank subsidiary, while personal loans were down 6%, a
decrease related in part to the Credigy subsidiary following repayments and maturities of certain loan portfolios. Also compared to a year ago, credit card
receivables were down $0.4 billion, while loans and acceptances to business and government grew $9.0 billion or 16% from a year ago, driven by Commercial
Banking activities, Financial Markets activities and Credigy activities.

At $24.0 billion as at April 30, 2020, other assets increased by $9.4 billion or 65% since October 31, 2019. This increase stems from a $7.6 billion increase in
derivative financial instruments related to the activities of the Financial Markets segment as well as from a $1.2 billion increase in other assets, particularly
amounts due from clients, dealers and brokers.

Impaired loans include loans classified in Stage 3 of the expected credit loss model and the purchased or originated credit-impaired (POCI) loans of the
Credigy subsidiary. As at April 30, 2020, gross impaired loans excluding POCI loans stood at $780 million compared to $684 million as at October 31, 2019.
Net impaired loans excluding POCI loans stood at $479 million as at April 30, 2020 compared to $450 million as at October 31, 2019, a $29 million increase
related mainly to the net impaired loans of the Financial Markets and ABA Bank portfolios, tempered somewhat by a decrease in the net impaired loans of the
commercial loan portfolios. Gross POCI loans stood at $1,105 million as at April 30, 2020, whereas they had stood at $1,166 million as at October 31, 2019
as a result of repayments and maturities of certain loan portfolios.

Liabilities
As at April 30, 2020, the Bank had total liabilities of $301.1 billion compared to $266.3 billion as at October 31, 2019.

The Bank’s total deposit liability stood at $201.4 billion as at April 30, 2020 compared to $189.6 billion as at October 31, 2019, an $11.8 billion increase. At
$63.9 billion as at April 30, 2020, personal deposits increased $3.8 billion since October 31, 2019. This increase stems from Personal Banking activities, the
Wealth Management segment's brokerage accounts, and business growth at the ABA Bank subsidiary.

Business and government deposits totalled $131.8 billion as at April 30, 2020, rising $6.5 billion from October 31, 2019. This increase came from the funding
activities of the Financial Markets segment and of Treasury, including $3.1 billion in deposits subject to bank recapitalization (bail-in) conversion regulations
as well as from the Wealth Management segment's brokerage activities.

At $5.8 billion as at April 30, 2020, deposits from deposit-taking institutions rose $1.6 billion since October 31, 2019, an increase that came from treasury
funding activities.
As at April 30, 2020, other liabilities stood at $98.9 billion, a $22.9 billion or 30% increase since October 31, 2019 that was due to a $2.6 billion increase in
obligations related to securities sold short, a $12.4 billion increase in obligations related to securities sold under repurchase agreements and securities
loaned (which include term repurchase transactions with the Bank of Canada related to the programs implemented to face the COVID-19 crisis), as well as an
$8.3 billion increase in derivative financial instruments.

Equity
As at April 30, 2020, equity attributable to the Bank’s shareholders was $15.4 billion, rising $0.6 billion from October 31, 2019. This increase came
essentially from net income net of dividends, from issuances of common shares under the Stock Option Plan, and from remeasurements of pension plans and
other post-employment benefit plans. These increases were partly offset by accumulated other comprehensive income, in particular losses on cash flow
hedges, tempered by the foreign currency translation adjustment.




Redemption of Trust Units Issued by NBC Asset Trust
On May 4, 2020, NBC Asset Trust (the Trust), a closed-end trust established by the Bank, announced its intention to redeem all of the outstanding 350,000
trust units – Series 2 (NBC CapS II – Series 2) on June 30, 2020 at a per-unit price of $1,000. The redemption was approved by OSFI.




The recommendations made by the Financial Stability Board’s Enhanced Disclosure Task Force (EDTF) seek to enhance the transparency and measurement of
certain exposures, in particular structured entities, subprime and Alt-A exposures, collateralized debt obligations, residential and commercial mortgage-
backed securities, and leveraged financing structures. The Bank does not market any specific mortgage financing program to subprime or Alt-A clients. The
Bank does not have any significant direct position in residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities that are not insured by the CMHC. Credit
derivative positions are presented in the Supplementary Regulatory Capital and Pillar 3 Disclosure report, which is available on the Bank’s website at nbc.ca.

Leveraged finance is commonly employed to achieve a specific objective, for example, to make an acquisition, complete a buy-out or repurchase shares.
Leveraged finance risk exposure takes the form of both funded and unfunded commitments. As at April 30, 2020, total commitments for this type of loan stood
at $3,605 million ($3,559 million as at October 31, 2019). Details about other exposures are provided in the table on structured entities in Note 27 to the
audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019.




The Bank’s policies and procedures regarding related party transactions have not significantly changed since October 31, 2019. For additional information,
see Note 28 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019.




In the normal course of business, the Bank is party to various financial arrangements that, under IFRS, are not required to be recorded on the Consolidated
Balance Sheet or are recorded at amounts other than their notional or contractual values. These arrangements include, among others, transactions with
structured entities, derivative financial instruments, issuances of guarantees, credit instruments, and financial assets received as collateral. A complete
analysis of these types of arrangements, including their nature, business purpose and importance, is provided on pages 48 and 49 of the 2019 Annual Report.

For additional information on guarantees, commitments and structured entities, see Notes 26 and 27 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements
for the year ended October 31, 2019. For additional information about financial assets transferred but not derecognized, see Note 8 to these consolidated
financial statements.
In April 2020, the Bank was reassessed by the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) for additional income tax and interest of approximately $240 million (including
estimated provincial tax and interest) in respect of certain Canadian dividends received by the Bank during 2015.

In prior fiscal years, the Bank was reassessed for additional income tax and interest of approximately $370 million (including provincial tax and interest) in
respect of certain Canadian dividends received by the Bank during the 2014, 2013 and 2012 taxation years.

The transactions to which the above-mentioned reassessments relate are similar to those prospectively addressed by income tax legislation enacted as a
result of the 2015 and 2018 Canadian federal budgets.

The CRA may issue reassessments to the Bank for taxation years subsequent to 2015 in regard to activities similar to those that were the subject of the above-
mentioned reassessments. The Bank remains confident that its tax position was appropriate and intends to vigorously defend its position. As a result, no
amount has been recognized in the consolidated financial statements as at April 30, 2020.




Maple Financial Group Inc.
The Bank has a 24.9% equity interest in Maple Financial Group Inc. (Maple), a privately owned Canadian company that operated through direct and indirect
wholly owned subsidiaries in Canada, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States.

Maple Bank GmbH (Maple GmbH), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Maple, has been the subject of an investigation into alleged tax irregularities by
German prosecutors since September 2015, and the investigation was focusing on selected trading activities by Maple GmbH and some of its former
employees, primarily during taxation years 2006 to 2010. The German authorities have alleged that these trading activities, often referred to as “cum/ex
trading,” violated German tax laws. Neither the Bank nor its employees were involved in these trading activities and, to the Bank’s knowledge, are not the
subject of this investigation. At that time, the Bank announced that if it were determined that portions of the dividends it received from Maple could be
reasonably attributed to tax fraud by Maple GmbH, arrangements would be made to repay those amounts to the relevant authority.

On February 6, 2016, the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority, BaFin, placed a moratorium on the business activities of Maple GmbH preventing it
from carrying out its normal business activities. In August 2016, Maple filed for bankruptcy under applicable Canadian laws, and a trustee was appointed to
administer the company. Similar proceedings were initiated for each of Maple’s other material subsidiaries in their home jurisdictions. In light of the situation,
the Bank wrote off the carrying value of its equity interest in Maple in an amount of $164 million ($145 million net of income taxes) during the first quarter of
2016. The $164 million write-off of the equity interest in this associate was recognized in the Non-interest income – Other item of the Consolidated Statement
of Income for the year ended October 31, 2016 and was reported in the Financial Markets segment.

While there has not yet been a determination of tax fraud on the part of Maple GmbH or its employees, in the insolvency proceedings of Maple GmbH the
German finance office issued a declaration about the result of the tax audit at Maple GmbH and about the relevant tax consequences of the cum/ex trading and
concluded a final tax claim of the tax authorities against the insolvency administrator. This claim was approved by the Maple GmbH creditor assembly.

The Bank has been in contact with the German prosecutors, who have confirmed that, in their view based upon the evidence they have considered since the
occurrence of the insolvency, the Bank was not involved in any respect with the alleged tax fraud undertaken by Maple GmbH nor was it negligent in failing to
identify that alleged fraud. Further to discussions between the Bank and the German prosecutors concerning the amounts deemed attributable to the alleged
tax fraud, the Bank paid 7.7 million euros to the German tax authorities on November 19, 2019. As at October 31, 2019, an $11 million provision was recorded
to reflect this adjusting event after the Consolidated Balance Sheet date.

In December 2019, the Bank, together with the other principal Maple shareholders, reached an agreement with the bankruptcy and insolvency administrator of
Maple GmbH to settle any potential claims that might be asserted against them by or on behalf of Maple GmbH. In connection with the settlement, the Bank
agreed to pay 8.7 million euros for the benefit of Maple GmbH’s creditors and, during the first quarter of 2020, recorded a $13 million charge in the Non-
interest expenses – Other item presented in the Other heading of segment results. The legal process to finalize the agreement has been delayed by virtue of
the COVID-19 pandemic; however, all parties involved in the process have agreed to extend the timetable for finalization of the agreement until later in 2020.
Upon the finalization of the agreement, the Bank expects that all material liabilities associated with its ownership of Maple will have been resolved.
Capital management has a dual role of ensuring a competitive return to the Bank’s shareholders while maintaining a solid capital foundation that covers risks
inherent to the Bank’s business, supports its business segments and protects its clients. The Bank’s capital management policy defines guiding principles as
well as the roles and responsibilities of its internal capital adequacy assessment process. This process aims to determine the capital that the Bank needs to
pursue its business activities and accommodate unexpected losses arising from extremely adverse economic and operational conditions. For additional
information on the capital management framework, see the Capital Management section on pages 50 to 57 of the Bank’s 2019 Annual Report.

Basel Accord
During the second quarter of 2020, OSFI adjusted regulatory ratio requirements in response to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. For additional
information, see the section entitled COVID-19 Pandemic – Key Measures Introduced by the Regulatory Authorities on pages 7 to 9 of this MD&A. The Bank and
all other major Canadian banks have to maintain minimum capital ratios established by OSFI: a CET1 capital ratio of at least 9.0%, a Tier 1 capital ratio of at
least 10.5%, and a Total capital ratio of at least 12.5%. All of these ratios are to include a capital conservation buffer of 2.5% established by the BCBS and
OSFI as well as a 1.0% surcharge applicable solely to D-SIBs and a 1.0% domestic stability buffer established by OSFI. The domestic stability buffer, which can
vary from 0% to 2.5% of risk-weighted assets, consists exclusively of CET1 capital. A D-SIB that fails to meet this buffer requirement will not be subject to
automatic constraints to reduce capital distributions but will have to provide a remediation plan to OSFI. The banks also have to meet the capital floor that sets
the regulatory capital level according to the Basel II standardized approach. If the capital requirement under Basel III is less than 70% of the capital
requirements as calculated under Basel II, the difference is added to risk-weighted assets. OSFI requires Canadian banks to meet a Basel III leverage ratio of at
least 3.0%. The leverage ratio is a measure independent of risk that is calculated by dividing the amount of Tier 1 capital by total exposure. Total exposure is
defined as the sum of on-balance-sheet assets (including derivative exposures and securities financing transaction exposures) and off-balance-sheet items.
The assets deducted from Tier 1 capital are also deducted from total exposure.

In addition to those measures, OSFI is requiring that regulatory capital instruments other than common equity have a non-viability contingent capital (NVCC)
clause to ensure that investors bear losses before taxpayers should the government determine that it is in the public interest to rescue a non-viable financial
institution. Instruments issued before January 1, 2013 that would be Basel III compliant if not for the absence of the NVCC clause are grandfathered and will be
phased out over a period of ten years. The Bank expects to phase out all of its non-NVCC instruments without resorting to any regulatory event redemption
clause.

OSFI’s Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (TLAC) guideline, which applies to all D-SIBs under the federal government’s bail-in regulations, came into effect on
September 23, 2018. The purpose of the TLAC guideline is to ensure that a D-SIB has sufficient loss-absorbing capacity to support its recapitalization in the
unlikely event it becomes non-viable. OSFI is requiring D-SIBs to maintain a minimum risk-based TLAC ratio of 22.50% (including the domestic stability buffer)
of risk-weighted assets and a minimum TLAC leverage ratio of 6.75% by November 1, 2021. During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2019, the Bank started to
issue qualifying bail-in debt and expects its TLAC ratios to improve through the normal refinancing of its maturing unsecured term debt. The Bank does not
anticipate any challenges in meeting these TLAC requirements.

Requirements – Regulatory Ratios Under Basel III

                                                                                                                                               As at April 30, 2020
                                                               Capital                Minimum                      Minimum       Domestic          Minimum set by
                                                          conservation                   set by           D-SIB       set by      stability       OSFI(1), including
                                       Minimum                  buffer                   BCBS         surcharge       OSFI(1)      buffer(2)              the buffer

Capital ratios
 CET1                                       4.5 %                   2.5 %                     7.0 %        1.0 %       8.0 %          1.0 %               9.0 %
 Tier 1                                     6.0 %                   2.5 %                     8.5 %        1.0 %       9.5 %          1.0 %              10.5 %
 Total                                      8.0 %                   2.5 %                    10.5 %        1.0 %      11.5 %          1.0 %              12.5 %
Leverage ratio                              3.0 %                   n.a.                      n.a.         n.a.         3.0 %          n.a.                3.0 %

n.a.   Not applicable
(1)    The capital ratios include the capital conservation buffer and the D-SIB surcharge.
(2)    On March 13, 2020, OSFI lowered the buffer level to 1.0%, effective immediately.


The Bank ensures that its capital levels are always above the minimum regulatory capital requirements. By maintaining a strong capital structure, the Bank can
cover the risks inherent to its business activities, support its business segments, and protect its clients.

Other disclosure requirements pursuant to Pillar 3 of the Basel Accord and a set of recommendations defined by the EDTF are presented in the Supplementary
Regulatory Capital and Pillar 3 Disclosure report published quarterly and available on the Bank’s website at nbc.ca. Furthermore, a complete list of capital
instruments and their main features is also available on the Bank’s website.
Regulatory Developments
The Bank closely monitors regulatory developments and participates actively in various consultative processes. During the second quarter of 2020, in
response to the impact of COVID-19, OSFI announced a series of regulatory adjustments to support the financial and operational resilience of banks. For
additional information, see the section entitled COVID-19 Pandemic – Key Measures Introduced by the Regulatory Authorities on pages 7 to 9 of this MD&A. For
additional information on the regulatory context as at October 31, 2019, see page 53 of the Capital Management section in the 2019 Annual Report. In
addition, since November 1, 2019, the below-described regulatory developments should also be considered.

On November 14, 2019, the BCBS issued a consultative document entitled Revisions to Market Risk Disclosure Requirements. This document sets out
adjustments to the Pillar 3 templates for the revised market risk framework, i.e., adjustments made to reflect the changes made to the final version of
Revisions to the Minimum Capital Requirements for Market Risk published in January 2019.

On November 14, 2019, the BCBS issued Voluntary Disclosure of Sovereign Exposures, a consultative document seeking views on three potential disclosure
templates. The document would require banks to disclose their sovereign exposures and risk-weighed assets according to jurisdiction, currency, and
accounting classification. Implementation is mandatory for banks only when so required by the national authority in its territory.

On November 28, 2019, the BCBS issued a consultative document entitled Credit Valuation Adjustment Risk: Targeted Final Revisions. This document proposes
a set of targeted adjustments to the CVA risk framework issued in December 2017. The adjustments are designed to align the revised CVA risk framework with
the standards set out in Minimum Capital Requirements for Market Risk and in Capital Requirements for Bank Exposures to Central Counterparties.

Management Activities
On June 10, 2019, the Bank began a normal course issuer bid to repurchase for cancellation up to 6,000,000 common shares over the 12-month period ending
no later than June 9, 2020. During the year ended October 31, 2019, the Bank had repurchased 2,200,000 common shares under this program. During the
six-month period ended April 30, 2020, the Bank repurchased 525,000 common shares for $30 million, which reduced Common share capital by $5 million
and Retained earnings by $25 million. These repurchases were carried out before March 13, 2020, which was the date on which OSFI lowered the domestic
stability buffer and indicated that it was expecting all banks to cease any dividend increases or share buybacks.

Shares and Stock Options
                                                                                                                                           As at April 30, 2020
                                                                                                                  Number of shares                    $ million

First preferred shares
 Series 30                                                                                                           14,000,000                          350
 Series 32                                                                                                           12,000,000                          300
 Series 34                                                                                                           16,000,000                          400
 Series 36                                                                                                           16,000,000                          400
 Series 38                                                                                                           16,000,000                          400
 Series 40                                                                                                           12,000,000                          300
 Series 42                                                                                                           12,000,000                          300
                                                                                                                     98,000,000                        2,450
Common shares                                                                                                       335,399,891                        3,028
Stock options                                                                                                        12,055,992

As at May 22, 2020, there were 335,398,962 common shares and 12,055,992 stock options outstanding. NVCC provisions require the conversion of capital
instruments into a variable number of common shares should OSFI deem a bank to be non-viable or should the government publicly announce that a bank has
accepted or agreed to accept an injection of capital. If an NVCC trigger event were to occur, all of the Bank’s preferred shares and medium-term notes maturing
on February 1, 2028, which are NVCC capital instruments, would be converted into common shares of the Bank according to an automatic conversion formula
at a conversion price corresponding to the greater of the following amounts: (i) a $5.00 contractual floor price; or (ii) the market price of the Bank’s common
shares on the date of the trigger event (10-day weighted average price). Based on a $5.00 floor price and including an estimate for accrued dividends and
interest, these NVCC capital instruments would be converted into a maximum of 723 million Bank common shares, which would have a 68.3% dilutive effect
based on the number of Bank common shares outstanding as at April 30, 2020.
Movement in Regulatory Capital
                                                                                                                                                                            Six months ended
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                                  April 30, 2020

Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital
Balance at beginning                                                                                                                                                                   9,692
 Issuance of common shares (including Stock Option Plan)                                                                                                                                  74
 Impact of shares purchased or sold for trading                                                                                                                                            −
 Repurchase of common shares                                                                                                                                                             (30)
 Other contributed surplus                                                                                                                                                                 5
 Dividends on preferred and common shares                                                                                                                                               (534)
 Net income attributable to the Bank’s shareholders                                                                                                                                       962
 Removal of own credit spread (net of income taxes)                                                                                                                                      (112)
 Other                                                                                                                                                                                    343
 Movements in accumulated other comprehensive income
  Translation adjustments                                                                                                                                                                 111
  Debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                                                                                         40
  Other                                                                                                                                                                                     3
 Change in goodwill and intangible assets (net of related tax liability)                                                                                                                  (48)
 Other, including regulatory adjustments and transitional arrangements
  Change in defined benefit pension plan asset (net of related tax liability)                                                                                                            (110)
  Change in amount exceeding 15% threshold
    Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                                                    −
   Significant investment in common shares of financial institutions                                                                                                                       −
  Deferred tax assets, unless they result from temporary differences (net of related tax liability)                                                                                      (31)
  Other deductions or regulatory adjustments to CET1 implemented by OSFI(1)                                                                                                              203
  Change in other regulatory adjustments(2)                                                                                                                                                −
Balance at end                                                                                                                                                                        10,568

Additional Tier 1 capital
Balance at beginning                                                                                                                                                                   2,800
 New Tier 1 eligible capital issuances                                                                                                                                                     −
 Redeemed capital                                                                                                                                                                          −
 Change in non-qualifying Additional Tier 1 subject to phase-out                                                                                                                           −
 Other, including regulatory adjustments and transitional arrangements                                                                                                                     −
Balance at end                                                                                                                                                                         2,800

Total Tier 1 capital                                                                                                                                                                  13,368

Tier 2 capital
Balance at beginning                                                                                                                                                                     874
 New Tier 2 eligible capital issuances                                                                                                                                                     −
 Redeemed capital                                                                                                                                                                          −
 Change in non-qualifying Tier 2 subject to phase-out                                                                                                                                      −
 Tier 2 instruments issued by subsidiaries and held by third parties                                                                                                                       −
 Change in certain allowances for credit losses                                                                                                                                          119
 Other, including regulatory adjustments and transitional arrangements                                                                                                                     9
Balance at end                                                                                                                                                                         1,002

Total regulatory capital                                                                                                                                                              14,370

(1)   This item includes the transitional measure applicable to expected credit loss provisioning implemented during the quarter ended April 30, 2020. For additional information, see the section
      entitled COVID-19 Pandemic – Key Measures Introduced by the Regulatory Authorities on pages 7 to 9 of this MD&A.
(2)   This item includes the change in investments in the Bank’s CET1 capital.
Risk-Weighted Assets by Key Risk Drivers
CET1 risk-weighted assets (RWA) amounted to $92.8 billion as at April 30, 2020 compared to $83.0 billion as at October 31, 2019, a $9.8 billion increase
resulting mainly from organic growth in RWA, from foreign exchange movements, and from changes to the calculation method resulting from regulatory
changes. For credit risk, these changes include the expiry of transitional arrangements for specific wrong-way risk and for the revised securitization framework
as well as the adoption of IFRS 16. For market risk, transitional measures were implemented to respond to the volatility caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The
changes in the Bank’s risk-weighted assets by risk type are presented in the following table.

Risk-Weighted Assets Movements by Key Drivers

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                Quarter ended
                                                                                                                        April 30, 2020   January 31, 2020   October 31, 2019
                                                                                    Non-counterparty    Counterparty
                                                                                          credit risk     credit risk            Total              Total              Total

Credit risk – Risk-weighted assets at beginning                                             63,440           6,705           70,145              67,254             65,693
 Book size                                                                                   4,969             355            5,324               1,650              1,979
 Book quality                                                                                  (59)            109               50                 (77)                11
 Model updates                                                                                 112               −              112                 (17)               (46)
 Methodology and policy                                                                          −               −                −               1,246               (362)
 Acquisitions and disposals                                                                      −               −                −                   −                  −
 Foreign exchange movements                                                                    884             142            1,026                  89                (21)
Credit risk – Risk-weighted assets at end                                                   69,346           7,311           76,657              70,145             67,254

Market risk – Risk-weighted assets at beginning                                                                                4,397              4,276              3,972
 Movement in risk levels(1)                                                                                                    1,441                121                304
 Model updates                                                                                                                     −                  −                  −
 Methodology and policy                                                                                                       (1,717)                 −                  −
 Acquisitions and disposals                                                                                                        −                  −                  −
Market risk – Risk-weighted assets at end                                                                                      4,121              4,397              4,276

Operational risk – Risk-weighted assets at beginning                                                                         11,664              11,509             11,319
 Movement in risk levels                                                                                                        313                 155                190
 Acquisitions and disposals                                                                                                       −                   −                  −
Operational risk – Risk-weighted assets at end                                                                               11,977              11,664             11,509

Risk-weighted assets at end                                                                                                  92,755              86,206             83,039

(1)   Also includes foreign exchange rate movements that are not considered material.


The table above provides the risk-weighted assets movements by the key drivers underlying the different risk categories.

The Book size item reflects organic changes in book size and composition (including new loans and maturing loans). RWA movements attributable to book size
include increases or decreases in exposures, measured by exposure at default, assuming a stable risk profile.

The Book quality item is the Bank’s best estimate of changes in book quality related to experience, such as underlying customer behaviour or demographics,
including changes resulting from model recalibrations or realignments and also including risk mitigation factors.

The Model updates item is used to reflect implementations of new models, changes in model scope, and any other change applied to address model
malfunctions.

The Methodology and policy item presents the impact of changes in calculation methods resulting from changes in regulatory policies as a result, for example,
of new regulations. During the quarter ended January 31, 2020, the transitional arrangements for specific wrong-way risk and for the revised securitization
framework expired. On November 1, 2019, the Bank had also adopted IFRS 16 and recognized right-of-use assets. During the quarter ended April 30, 2020,
OSFI introduced provisional measures for market risk in response to the volatility caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Regulatory Capital Ratios
As at April 30, 2020, the Bank’s CET1, Tier 1, and Total capital ratios were, respectively, 11.4%, 14.4% and 15.5%, i.e., above the regulatory requirements,
compared to ratios of, respectively, 11.7%, 15.0% and 16.1% as at October 31, 2019. The decrease in the CET1 capital ratio since October 31, 2019 was
essentially due to growth in risk-weight assets. Also contributing to this decrease was the expiry of transitional arrangements for specific wrong-way risk and
for the revised securitization framework as well as the adoption of IFRS 16. However, this decrease in the CET1 capital ratio was partly offset by net income net
of dividends, the transitional measures applicable to ECL provisioning, common share issuances under the Stock Option Plan, and remeasurements of pension
plans and other post-employment benefit plans. The decreases in the Tier 1 capital ratio and the Total capital ratio were essentially due to the same factors. As
at April 30, 2020, the leverage ratio was 4.4%, an increase from 4.0% as at October 31, 2019. Growth in Tier 1 capital was more than offset by a decrease in
total exposure, mainly from temporary measures announced by OSFI with respect to the exclusion of exposures from central bank reserves and sovereign-
issued securities that qualify as HQLA securities under the Liquidity Adequacy Requirements guideline.

Regulatory Capital and Ratios Under Basel III

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                              As at April 30, 2020             As at April 30, 2020         As at October 31, 2019
                                                                                                                      Adjusted(1)
Capital
 CET1                                                                                                                   10,365                           10,568                            9,692
 Tier 1                                                                                                                 13,165                           13,368                           12,492
 Total                                                                                                                  14,370                           14,370                           13,366
Risk-weighted assets                                                                                                    92,755                           92,755                           83,039
Total exposure                                                                                                        306,386                          306,386                           308,902
Capital ratios
 CET1                                                                                                                      11.2     %                       11.4    %                        11.7 %
 Tier 1                                                                                                                    14.2     %                       14.4    %                        15.0 %
 Total                                                                                                                     15.5     %                       15.5    %                        16.1 %
Leverage ratio                                                                                                               4.3    %                         4.4   %                          4.0 %

(1)    The Basel III regulatory capital and ratios adjusted as at April 30, 2020 do not include the transitional measure applicable to expected credit loss provisioning. For additional information,
       see the section entitled COVID-19 Pandemic – Key Measures Introduced by the Regulatory Authorities on pages 7 to 9 of this MD&A.

Dividends
On May 26, 2020, the Board of Directors declared regular dividends on the various series of first preferred shares and a dividend of 71 cents per common
share, payable on August 1, 2020 to shareholders of record on June 29, 2020.




Risk-taking is intrinsic to a financial institution’s business. The Bank views risk as an integral part of its development and the diversification of its activities. It
advocates a risk management approach consistent with its business strategy. The Bank voluntarily exposes itself to certain risk categories, particularly credit
and market risk, in order to generate revenue. It assumes certain risks that are inherent to its activities—to which it does not choose to expose itself—and that
do not generate revenue, i.e., mainly operational risks.

COVID-19 has affected the general economic environment and financial market conditions in Canada, the United States, and certain other countries where the
Bank conducts business. COVID-19 has also put certain risks into perspective. Despite the exceptional nature of this situation, risks are rigorously managed.
Consequently, decision-making is supported by risk assessments and management processes that are consistent with the Bank’s risk appetite and by prudent
levels of capital and liquidity. The purpose of sound and effective risk management is to provide reasonable assurance that incurred risks do not exceed
acceptable thresholds, to control the volatility in the Bank's results, and to ensure that risk-taking contributes to the creation of shareholder value. The Bank’s
governance structure for risk management has remained largely unchanged from that described in the 2019 Annual Report. In addition, during the quarter
ended April 30, 2020, the Bank accelerated and increased the frequency of certain risk management activities.

Despite the exercise of stringent risk management and the mitigation measures in place, risk cannot be suppressed entirely, and residual risks may
occasionally cause significant losses. Certain risks are discussed hereafter. For additional information, refer to the section entitled COVID-19 Pandemic – Risk
Factors on pages 4 and 5 of this MD&A and to the Risk Management section on pages 58 to 94 of the 2019 Annual Report. Risk management information is
also provided in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, which covers loans.
Credit risk is the risk of incurring a financial loss if an obligor does not fully honour its contractual commitments to the Bank. Obligors may be debtors, issuers,
counterparties or guarantors. Credit risk is the most significant risk facing the Bank in the normal course of business. COVID-19 has had an adverse impact on
local and global economies, creating a difficult environment for obligors. It has produced an exceptional environment characterized by major disruptions
throughout the market as a whole, including business closures, temporary layoffs, and declining oil prices. However, government measures have been
implemented to help individuals and businesses affected by COVID-19.

The amounts shown in the following table represent the Bank’s maximum exposure to credit risk as at the financial reporting date without taking into account
any collateral held or any other credit enhancements. These amounts do not take into account allowances for credit losses nor amounts pledged as collateral.
The table also excludes equity securities.

Maximum Credit Risk Exposure Under the Basel Asset Categories
                                                                                                                                                     As at April 30,   As at October 31,
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                2020                2019
                                                                                                              Derivative             Other
                                                                     Undrawn            Repo-style              financial     off-balance-
                                                        Drawn     commitments       transactions(1)         instruments      sheet items(2)                    Total                Total

Retail
 Residential mortgages                               53,058              9,217                  −                     −                 −                  62,275               59,140
 Qualifying revolving retail                          2,982              7,720                  −                     −                 −                  10,702                5,586
 Other retail                                        13,702              2,349                  −                     −                21                  16,072               16,189
                                                     69,742             19,286                  −                     −                21                  89,049               80,915
Non-retail
 Corporate                                           62,967             21,211           22,948                      2              4,633                 111,761             102,157
 Sovereign                                           54,209              5,464           62,156                    126                115                 122,070              82,419
 Financial institutions                               5,542                419           90,539                  1,395                555                  98,450             105,643
                                                    122,718             27,094          175,643                  1,523              5,303                 332,281             290,219
Trading portfolio                                         −                  −                −                 14,640                  −                  14,640              12,015
Securitization                                        1,889                  −                −                      −              3,045                   4,934               4,764
Total – Gross credit risk                           194,349             46,380          175,643                 16,163              8,369                 440,904             387,913

Standardized Approach                                19,724                494           13,182                  1,556                280                  35,236              48,408
AIRB Approach                                       174,625             45,886          162,461                 14,607              8,089                 405,668             339,505
Total – Gross credit risk                           194,349             46,380          175,643                 16,163              8,369                 440,904             387,913

(1)   Securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and sold under repurchase agreements as well as securities loaned and borrowed.
(2)   Letters of guarantee, documentary letters of credit and securitized assets that represent the Bank’s commitment to make payments in the event that a client cannot meet its financial
      obligations to third parties.


To meet OSFI’s mortgage loan disclosure requirements, additional information has been provided in Supplementary Financial Information –
Second Quarter 2020 and in Supplementary Regulatory Capital and Pillar 3 Disclosure – Second Quarter 2020, which are available on the Bank’s website at
nbc.ca.
Market risk is the risk of losses arising from movements in market prices. The Bank is exposed to market risk through its participation in trading, investment
and asset/liability management activities. Given the impact of COVID-19 on local and global economies, the Bank is operating in a challenging and volatile
environment. It is an exceptional situation that has led to major disruptions throughout the market as a whole, including low interest rates, stock market
downturns, and declines in oil prices.

The following tables provide a breakdown of the Bank’s Consolidated Balance Sheet into financial assets and liabilities by those that carry market risk and
those that do not carry market risk, distinguishing between trading positions whose main risk measures are Value-at-Risk (VaR) and stressed VaR (SVaR) and
non-trading positions that use other risk measures.

Reconciliation of Market Risk With Consolidated Balance Sheet Items
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                                   As at April 30, 2020
                                                                                                           Market risk measures
                                                                                   Balance                                              Not subject to                               Non-traded risk
                                                                                     sheet            Trading(1)    Non-Trading(2)        market risk                         primary risk sensitivity

Assets
 Cash and deposits with financial institutions                                    27,800                  410             16,842              10,548                                  Interest rate(3)
 Securities
  At fair value through profit or loss                                            62,980              59,371               3,609                     −                   Interest rate(3) and equity
  At fair value through other comprehensive income                                11,441                   −              11,441                     −                 Interest rate(3) and equity(4)
  At amortized cost                                                               10,246                   −              10,246                     −                               Interest rate(3)
 Securities purchased under reverse repurchase
  agreements and securities borrowed                                              17,710                   −             17,710                    −                              Interest rate(3)(5)
 Loans and acceptances, net of allowances                                        162,728               6,739            155,989                    −                                Interest rate(3)
 Derivative financial instruments                                                 15,747              13,479              2,268                    −              Interest rate and exchange rate
 Defined benefit asset                                                               179                   −                179                    −                                         Other
 Other                                                                             8,119                   −                  −                8,119
                                                                                 316,950              79,999            218,284               18,667

Liabilities
 Deposits                                                                        201,445               9,543            191,902                      −                                Interest rate(3)
 Acceptances                                                                       7,042                   −              7,042                      −                                Interest rate(3)
 Obligations related to securities sold short                                     15,421              15,421                  −                      −
 Obligations related to securities sold under repurchase
   agreements and securities loaned                                               34,345                   −             34,345                    −                              Interest rate(3)(5)
 Derivative financial instruments                                                 15,200              12,595              2,605                    −              Interest rate and exchange rate
 Liabilities related to transferred receivables                                   21,239               5,437             15,802                    −                                Interest rate(3)
 Defined benefit liability                                                           182                   −                182                    −                                         Other
 Other                                                                             5,483                   −                 36                5,447                                Interest rate(3)
 Subordinated debt                                                                   779                   −                779                    −                                Interest rate(3)
                                                                                 301,136              42,996            252,693                5,447

(1)   Trading positions whose risk measures are VaR and SVaR. For additional information, see the tables that show the VaR and SVaR distributions of the trading portfolios by risk category as
      well as their correlation effect, which are presented on the following pages and in the Market Risk section of the 2019 Annual Report.
(2)   Non-trading positions that use other risk measures.
(3)   For additional information, see the tables that show the VaR and SVaR distributions of the trading portfolios by risk category and their correlation effect as well as the interest rate sensitivity
      tables, which are presented on the following pages and in the Market Risk section of the 2019 Annual Report.
(4)   The fair value of equity securities designated at fair value through other comprehensive income is presented in Notes 4 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
(5)   These instruments are recorded at amortized cost and are subject to credit risk for capital management purposes. For trading-related transactions with maturities of more than one day,
      interest rate risk is included in the VaR and SVaR measures.
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                               As at October 31, 2019
                                                                                                           Market risk measures
                                                                                     Balance                                            Not subject to                      Non-traded risk primary
                                                                                       sheet          Trading(1)    Non-Trading(2)        market risk                               risk sensitivity

Assets
 Cash and deposits with financial institutions                                       13,698               579             12,609                  510                                  Interest rate(3)
 Securities
  At fair value through profit or loss                                               61,823           58,170               3,653                     −                 Interest rate(3) and equity(4)
  At fair value through other comprehensive income                                   10,648                −              10,648                     −                 Interest rate(3) and equity(5)
  Amortized cost                                                                      9,755                −               9,755                     −                               Interest rate(3)
 Securities purchased under reverse repurchase
  agreements and securities borrowed                                              17,723                   −             17,723                    −                               Interest rate(3)(6)
 Loans and acceptances, net of allowances                                        153,251               6,060            147,191                    −                                 Interest rate(3)
 Derivative financial instruments                                                  8,129               7,134                995                    −          Interest rate(7) and exchange rate(7)
 Defined benefit asset                                                                38                   −                 38                    −                                        Other(8)
 Other                                                                             6,393                   −                  −                6,393
                                                                                 281,458              71,943            202,612                6,903

Liabilities
 Deposits                                                                        189,566               9,869            179,697                      −                                 Interest rate(3)
 Acceptances                                                                       6,893                   −              6,893                      −                                 Interest rate(3)
 Obligations related to securities sold short                                     12,849              12,849                  −                      −
 Obligations related to securities sold under repurchase
   agreements and securities loaned                                               21,900                   −             21,900                    −                               Interest rate(3)(6)
 Derivative financial instruments                                                  6,852               6,123                729                    −          Interest rate(7) and exchange rate(7)
 Liabilities related to transferred receivables                                   21,312               5,165             16,147                    −                                 Interest rate(3)
 Defined benefit liability                                                           374                   −                374                    −                                        Other(8)
 Other                                                                             5,803                  24                911                4,868                                 Interest rate(3)
 Subordinated debt                                                                   773                   −                773                    −                                 Interest rate(3)
                                                                                 266,322              34,030            227,424                4,868

(1)   Trading positions whose risk measures are VaR and SVaR. For additional information, see the tables that show the VaR and SVaR distributions of the trading portfolios by risk category as
      well as their correlation effect, which are presented on the following pages and in the Market Risk section of the 2019 Annual Report.
(2)   Non-trading positions that use other risk measures.
(3)   For additional information, see the tables that show the VaR and SVaR distributions of the trading portfolios by risk category and their correlation effect as well as the interest rate sensitivity
      tables, which are presented below and on the following page as well as in the Market Risk section of the 2019 Annual Report.
(4)   For additional information, see Note 6 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2019.
(5)   The fair value of equity securities designated at fair value through other comprehensive income is presented in Notes 4 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
(6)   These instruments are recorded at amortized cost and are subject to credit risk for capital management purposes. For trading-related transactions with maturities of more than one day,
      interest rate risk is included in the VaR and SVaR measures.
(7)   For additional information, see Notes 16 and 17 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019.
(8)   For additional information, see Note 23 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019.


Trading Activities
The first table below shows the VaR of trading portfolios by risk category as well as their correlation effect. The second table on the next page shows the SVaR,
i.e., the VaR of the Bank’s current portfolios obtained following the calibration of risk factors over a 12-month stress period.

VaR of Trading Portfolios by Risk Category(1)

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                 Quarter ended                       Six months ended
                                                                                April 30, 2020              January 31, 2020                  April 30, 2019       April 30, 2020      April 30, 2019
                                               Low           High        Average Period end             Average Period end             Average Period end                 Average             Average

Interest rate                                 (4.4)        (15.6)            (8.9)         (9.1)           (4.9)           (4.5)          (5.1)           (4.4)               (6.9)              (5.4)
Exchange rate                                 (0.3)         (2.7)            (1.0)         (0.9)           (0.8)           (0.7)          (0.8)           (0.6)               (0.9)              (0.8)
Equity                                        (3.0)        (16.0)            (8.3)        (16.0)           (3.4)           (4.0)          (4.0)           (3.1)               (5.9)              (4.2)
Commodity                                     (0.6)         (1.9)            (1.1)         (0.9)           (1.1)           (0.8)          (1.0)           (1.1)               (1.1)              (1.1)
Correlation effect(2)                         n.m.           n.m.             9.8           8.1             4.6             5.1            5.2             4.9                 7.2                5.4
Total trading VaR                             (4.6)        (18.8)            (9.5)        (18.8)           (5.6)           (4.9)          (5.7)           (4.3)               (7.6)              (6.1)

n.m. Computation of a correlation effect for the high and low is not meaningful, as highs and lows may occur on different days and be attributable to different types of risk.
(1)  Amounts are presented on a pre-tax basis and represent one-day VaR using a 99% confidence level.
(2)  The total trading VaR is less than the sum of the individual risk factor VaR results due to the correlation effect.
SVaR of Trading Portfolios by Risk Category(1)

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                               Quarter ended                       Six months ended
                                                                               April 30, 2020              January 31, 2020                 April 30, 2019       April 30, 2020     April 30, 2019
                                             Low           High        Average    Period end           Average Period end            Average Period end                 Average            Average

Interest rate                             (12.0)          (23.2)         (16.8)          (14.6)         (14.7)          (11.2)         (15.5)         (15.2)             (15.8)            (14.9)
Exchange rate                              (0.3)           (9.1)          (2.0)           (1.6)          (1.4)           (0.7)          (1.1)          (0.9)               (1.7)            (1.3)
Equity                                     (5.7)          (36.1)         (17.4)          (20.9)          (8.7)           (7.7)          (6.1)          (5.3)             (13.1)             (7.2)
Commodity                                  (1.3)           (2.6)          (1.9)           (1.8)          (2.1)           (2.3)          (2.0)          (2.3)               (2.0)            (2.2)
Correlation effect(2)                       n.m.            n.m.          19.5            14.8           10.5            10.4           12.3           12.3               15.1              13.4
Total trading SVaR                         (9.6)          (39.9)         (18.6)          (24.1)         (16.4)          (11.5)         (12.4)         (11.4)             (17.5)            (12.2)

n.m. Computation of a correlation effect for the high and low is not meaningful, as highs and lows may occur on different days and be attributable to different types of risk.
(1)  Amounts are presented on a pre-tax basis and represent one-day SVaR using a 99% confidence level.
(2)  The total trading SVaR is less than the sum of the individual risk factor SVaR results due to the correlation effect.


The average total trading VaR increased from $5.6 million to $9.5 million between the first quarter of 2020 and the second quarter of 2020, mainly as a result
of tail scenarios being added to the two-year VaR history window due to increased market volatility related to the COVID-19 crisis. For the second quarter of
2020, the average total trading SVaR increased from $16.4 million to $18.6 million, mainly explained by increases in equity risk and interest rate risk.

Daily Trading and Underwriting Revenues
The following table shows daily trading and underwriting revenues as well as VaR. During the quarter ended April 30, 2020, daily trading and underwriting
revenues were positive 85% of the days. Seven trading days were marked by daily trading and underwriting net losses of more than $1 million, and on two of
those days, the losses exceeded the VaR. Those two days of losses occurred in March 2020 as a result of significant market volatility caused by the COVID-19
crisis.

Quarter Ended April 30, 2020
(millions of Canadian dollars)


   32
   30
   28
   26
   24
   22
   20
   18
   16
   14
   12
   10
    8
    6
    4
    2
    0
   (2)
   (4)
   (6)
   (8)
  (10)
  (12)
  (14)
  (16)
  (18)
  (20)
  (22)
  (24)
  (26)
                                  February                                                     March 2020                                                  April 2020
                                    2020

                Trading and underwriting revenues
                VaR (CAN)
Interest Rate Sensitivity – Non-Trading Activities (Before Tax)
The following tables present the potential before-tax impact of an immediate and sustained 100-basis-point increase or of an immediate and sustained
25-basis-point decrease in interest rates on the economic value of equity and on the net interest income of the Bank’s non-trading portfolios for the next
12 months, assuming no further hedging is undertaken. In the current environment of very low interest rates, we believe that a sensitivity analysis reflecting an
immediate and sustained 25-basis-point decrease in interest rates provides more relevant information.

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                 As at April 30, 2020                        As at October 31, 2019
                                                                        Canadian            Other                      Canadian            Other
                                                                           dollar      currencies              Total      dollar      currencies             Total
Impact on equity
100-basis-point increase in the interest rate                              (187)              25              (162)       (178)             40              (138)
25-basis-point decrease in the interest rate                                 35                4                39          54              (1)               53
Impact on net interest income
100-basis-point increase in the interest rate                               (17)              32                15         (26)             42                16
25-basis-point decrease in the interest rate                                  2                3                 5          19              (2)               17




Liquidity and funding risk are the risks that the Bank will be unable to honour daily cash and financial obligations without resorting to costly and untimely
measures. Liquidity and funding risk arises when sources of funds become insufficient to meet scheduled payments under the Bank’s commitments.

Liquidity risk stems from mismatched cash flows related to assets and liabilities as well as from the characteristics of certain products such as credit
commitments and non-fixed-term deposits.

Funding risk is defined as the risk to the Bank’s ongoing ability to raise sufficient funds to finance actual or proposed business activities on an unsecured or
secured basis at an acceptable price. The funding management priority is to achieve an optimal balance between deposits, securitization, secured funding and
unsecured funding. This brings optimal stability to the funding and reduces vulnerability to unpredictable events.

COVID-19 has affected overall economic and market conditions. The Bank is facing a challenging and volatile environment, but its sound liquidity and funding
management is helping it to maintain an optimal balance between its sources of cash and anticipated payments.

Regulatory Developments
On March 27, 2020, OSFI took exceptional measures in response to the operational issues caused by the spread of COVID-19. OSFI expects banks to use the
unencumbered HQLA assets they hold within the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) as a defense against both a potential liquidity crisis and an actual liquidity
crisis. OSFI is also providing guidance on how to treat the new government facilities when calculating regulatory liquidity ratios. In addition, the Bank of
Canada has taken more elaborate measures to ensure that the financial system continues to play its role by granting credit to those who need it. For additional
information, see the section entitled COVID-19 Pandemic – Key Measures Introduced by the Regulatory Authorities on pages 7 to 9 of this MD&A.

On April 9, 2020, OSFI issued a news release announcing regulatory flexibility measures to support COVID-19 efforts. The news release mentions that
implementations of changes to specific regulatory returns would be delayed to help limit the impact on institutions while ensuring that important data will
continue to be collected.

The Bank continues to closely monitor regulatory developments and participates actively in various consultative processes. For additional information on the
regulatory context as at October 31, 2019, see page 82 of the Risk Management section in the 2019 Annual Report.

Liquidity Management
Liquid Assets
To protect depositors and creditors from unexpected crisis situations, the Bank holds a portfolio of unencumbered liquid assets that can be readily liquidated
to meet financial obligations. The majority of unencumbered liquid assets are held in Canadian dollars. Moreover, all assets that can be quickly monetized are
considered liquid assets. The following tables provide information on the Bank’s encumbered and unencumbered assets.
Liquid Asset Portfolio
                                                                                                                                                           As at April 30,   As at October 31,
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                      2020                 2019
                                                                                Bank-owned        Liquid assets              Total       Encumbered       Unencumbered         Unencumbered
                                                                              liquid assets(1)       received(2)     liquid assets     liquid assets(3)     liquid assets        liquid assets

Cash and deposits with financial institutions                                       27,800                    −           27,800               5,533             22,267                9,596
Securities
 Issued or guaranteed by the Canadian government, U.S.
   Treasury, other U.S. agencies and other foreign governments                      28,483             24,888             53,371             33,019              20,352              23,455
 Issued or guaranteed by Canadian provincial and
   municipal governments                                                            14,420              6,847             21,267             15,815               5,452               6,145
 Other debt securities                                                               7,477              1,772              9,249              2,624               6,625               5,581
 Equity securities                                                                  34,287             30,357             64,644             40,408              24,236              26,968
Loans
 Securities backed by insured residential mortgages                                  9,541                  −             9,541              5,432                4,109                2,926
As at April 30, 2020                                                               122,008             63,864           185,872            102,831               83,041
As at October 31, 2019                                                             103,346             55,310           158,656             83,985                                   74,671


(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                              As at April 30, 2020       As at October 31, 2019

Unencumbered liquid assets by entity
 National Bank (parent)                                                                                                                                   33,683                     30,380
 Domestic subsidiaries                                                                                                                                    25,686                     14,815
 Foreign subsidiaries and branches                                                                                                                        23,672                     29,476
                                                                                                                                                          83,041                     74,671



(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                              As at April 30, 2020       As at October 31, 2019

Unencumbered liquid assets by currency
 Canadian dollar                                                                                                                                          44,064                     39,172
 U.S. dollar                                                                                                                                              17,340                     19,356
 Other currencies                                                                                                                                         21,637                     16,143
                                                                                                                                                          83,041                     74,671

Liquid Asset Portfolio – Average(4)

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                                  Quarter ended
                                                                                                                                                           April 30, 2020    October 31, 2019
                                                                                 Bank-owned        Liquid assets              Total      Encumbered       Unencumbered         Unencumbered
                                                                               liquid assets(1)       received(2)     liquid assets    liquid assets(3)     liquid assets        liquid assets

Cash and deposits with financial institutions                                        22,202                   −           22,202               5,288               16,914              7,852
Securities
 Issued or guaranteed by the Canadian government, U.S.
   Treasury, other U.S. agencies and other foreign governments                       28,245             21,558            49,803              30,690               19,113             23,542
 Issued or guaranteed by Canadian provincial and
   municipal governments                                                             12,724              7,152            19,876              14,244                5,632              4,923
 Other debt securities                                                                6,465              1,888             8,353               2,296                6,057              5,074
 Equity securities                                                                   39,757             28,921            68,678              41,364               27,314             30,636
Loans
 Securities backed by insured residential mortgages                                  9,209                   −             9,209               5,288                3,921              2,967
                                                                                   118,602              59,519           178,121              99,170               78,951             74,994

(1)   Bank-owned liquid assets include assets for which there are no legal or geographic restrictions.
(2)   Securities received as collateral with respect to securities financing and derivative transactions and securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowed.
(3)   In the normal course of its funding activities, the Bank pledges assets as collateral in accordance with standard terms. Encumbered liquid assets include assets used to cover short sales,
      obligations related to securities sold under repurchase agreements and securities loaned, guarantees related to security-backed loans and borrowings, collateral related to derivative
      financial instrument transactions, asset-backed securities and liquid assets legally restricted from transfers.
(4)   The average is based on the sum of the end-of-period balances of the three months of the quarter divided by three.
Summary of Encumbered and Unencumbered Assets

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                          As at April 30, 2020
                                                                                                                                                                                Encumbered
                                                                                               Encumbered                           Unencumbered                              assets as a %
                                                                                                   assets(1)                               assets                  Total      of total assets
                                                                             Pledged as                             Available as
                                                                               collateral            Other(2)         collateral             Other(3)

Cash and deposits with financial institutions                                      200               5,333              22,267                    −             27,800                  1.7
Securities                                                                      30,290                   −              54,377                    −             84,667                  9.6
Securities purchased under reverse repurchase
 agreements and securities borrowed                                                  −              15,422               2,288                  −              17,710                   4.9
Loans and acceptances, net of allowances                                        35,903                   −               4,109            122,716             162,728                  11.3
Derivative financial instruments                                                     −                   −                   −             15,747              15,747                     −
Investments in associates and joint ventures                                         −                   −                   −                393                 393                     −
Premises and equipment                                                               −                   −                   −              1,175               1,175                     −
Goodwill                                                                             −                   −                   −              1,423               1,423                     −
Intangible assets                                                                    −                   −                   −              1,444               1,444                     −
Other assets                                                                         −                   −                   −              3,863               3,863                     −
                                                                                66,393              20,755              83,041            146,761             316,950                  27.5


(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                      As at October 31, 2019
                                                                                                                                                                               Encumbered
                                                                                                Encumbered                           Unencumbered                            assets as a %
                                                                                                    assets(1)                               assets                 Total     of total assets
                                                                             Pledged as                             Available as
                                                                               collateral            Other(2)         collateral             Other(3)

Cash and deposits with financial institutions                                      143               3,959               9,596                    −             13,698                  1.4
Securities                                                                      24,950                   −              57,276                    −             82,226                  8.9
Securities purchased under reverse repurchase
 agreements and securities borrowed                                                  −              12,850               4,873                  −              17,723                   4.6
Loans and acceptances, net of allowances                                        31,835                   −               2,926            118,490             153,251                  11.3
Derivative financial instruments                                                     −                   −                   −              8,129               8,129                     −
Investments in associates and joint ventures                                         −                   −                   −                385                 385                     −
Premises and equipment                                                               −                   −                   −                490                 490                     −
Goodwill                                                                             −                   −                   −              1,412               1,412                     −
Intangible assets                                                                    −                   −                   −              1,406               1,406                     −
Other assets                                                                         −                   −                   −              2,738               2,738                     −
                                                                                56,928              16,809              74,671            133,050             281,458                  26.2

(1)   In the normal course of its funding activities, the Bank pledges assets as collateral in accordance with standard terms. Encumbered assets include assets used to cover short sales,
      obligations related to securities sold under repurchase agreements and securities loaned, guarantees related to security-backed loans and borrowings, collateral related to derivative
      financial instrument transactions, asset-backed securities, residential mortgage loans securitized and transferred under the Canada Mortgage Bond program, assets held in consolidated
      trusts supporting the Bank’s funding activities and mortgage loans transferred under the covered bond program.
(2)   Other encumbered assets include assets for which there are restrictions and that cannot therefore be used for collateral or funding purposes as well as assets used to cover short sales.
(3)   Other unencumbered assets are assets that cannot be used for collateral or funding purposes in their current form. This category includes assets that are potentially eligible as funding
      program collateral (e.g., mortgages insured by the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation that can be securitized into mortgage-backed securities under the National Housing Act
      (Canada)).
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)
The LCR was introduced primarily to ensure that banks could withstand periods of severe short-term stress. OSFI has been requiring Canadian banks to
maintain a minimum LCR of 100%. An LCR above 100% ensures that banks are holding sufficient high-quality liquid assets (HQLA) to cover net cash outflows
given a severe, 30-day liquidity crisis. The assumptions underlying the LCR scenario were established by the BCBS and OSFI.

The following table provides average LCR data calculated using the daily figures in the quarter. For the quarter ended April 30, 2020, the Bank’s average LCR
was 149%, well above the 100% regulatory requirement and demonstrating the Bank’s solid liquidity position.

LCR Disclosure Requirements(1)

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                         For the quarter ended
                                                                                                                                                    April 30, 2020         January 31, 2020
                                                                                                                          Total unweighted          Total weighted            Total weighted
                                                                                                                          value(2) (average)      value(3) (average)        value(3) (average)

 High-quality liquid assets (HQLA)
   1 Total HQLA                                                                                                                            n.a.           50,642                    46,222
 Cash outflows
   2 Retail deposits and deposits from small business customers, of which:                                                         46,985                  4,010                     3,397
   3 Stable deposits                                                                                                               22,364                    671                       602
   4 Less stable deposits                                                                                                          24,621                  3,339                     2,795
   5 Unsecured wholesale funding, of which:                                                                                        79,560                 43,962                    43,522
   6 Operational deposits (all counterparties)                                                                                     14,289                  3,445                     3,281
   7 Non-operational deposits (all counterparties)                                                                                 56,762                 32,008                    32,254
   8 Unsecured debt                                                                                                                 8,509                  8,509                     7,987
   9 Secured wholesale funding                                                                                                         n.a.               14,344                    16,446
  10 Additional requirements, of which:                                                                                            40,124                 11,973                    10,836
  11 Outflows related to derivative exposures and other collateral requirements                                                    11,916                  6,496                     5,877
  12 Outflows related to loss of funding on secured debt securities                                                                 1,345                  1,345                       879
  13 Backstop liquidity and credit enhancement facilities and commitments to extend credit                                         26,863                  4,132                     4,080
  14 Other contractual commitments to extend credit                                                                                 2,117                    840                     1,006
  15 Other contingent commitments to extend credit                                                                                 94,627                  1,540                     1,516
  16 Total cash outflows                                                                                                               n.a.               76,669                    76,723

 Cash inflows
  17 Secured lending (e.g., reverse repos)                                                                                        122,590                 16,521                    18,091
  18 Inflows from fully performing exposures                                                                                       11,096                  7,015                     6,151
  19 Other cash inflows                                                                                                            18,893                 18,893                    20,126
  20 Total cash inflows                                                                                                           152,579                 42,429                    44,368

                                                                                                                                                    Total adjusted            Total adjusted
                                                                                                                                                           value(4)                   value(4)

  21 Total HQLA                                                                                                                            n.a.           50,642                    46,222
  22 Total net cash outflows                                                                                                               n.a.           34,240                    32,355
  23 Liquidity coverage ratio (%)(5)                                                                                                       n.a.              149 %                     144 %

n.a.   Not applicable
(1)    OSFI prescribed a table format in order to standardize disclosure throughout the banking industry.
(2)    Unweighted values are calculated as outstanding balances maturing or callable within 30 days (for inflows and outflows).
(3)    Weighted values are calculated after the application of respective haircuts (for HQLA) or inflow and outflow rates.
(4)    Total adjusted values are calculated after the application of both haircuts and inflow and outflow rates and any applicable caps.
(5)    The data in this table is calculated using averages of the daily figures in the quarter.


As at April 30, 2020, Level 1 liquid assets represented 83% of the Bank’s HQLA, which includes cash, central bank deposits, and bonds issued or guaranteed
by the Canadian government and Canadian provincial governments.

Cash outflows arise from the application of OSFI-prescribed assumptions on deposits, debt, secured funding, commitments and additional collateral
requirements. The cash outflows are partly offset by cash inflows, which come mainly from secured loans and performing loans. The Bank expects some
quarter-over-quarter variation between reported LCRs, and such variation may not be indicative of a trend. The variation between the quarter ended April 30,
2020 and the preceding quarter reflects exceptional measures taken by OSFI and the Bank of Canada in response to the operational issues caused by the
spread of COVID-19. The Bank’s liquid asset buffer is well in excess of its total net cash outflows.

The LCR assumptions differ from the assumptions used for the liquidity disclosures provided in the tables on the preceding pages or those used for internal
liquidity management rules. While the liquidity disclosure framework is prescribed by the EDTF, the Bank’s internal liquidity metrics use assumptions that are
calibrated according to its business model and experience.
Funding
The Bank continuously monitors and analyzes the possibilities for accessing less expensive and more flexible funding. The deposit strategy remains a priority
for the Bank, which continues to prefer deposits to institutional funding. The table below presents the residual contractual maturities of the Bank’s wholesale
funding. The information has been presented in accordance with the categories recommended by the EDTF for comparison purposes with other banks.

Residual Contractual Maturities of Wholesale Funding(1)

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                               As at April 30, 2020
                                                                                    Over 1            Over 3            Over 6   Subtotal         Over 1
                                                              1 month or         month to          months to        months to      1 year        year to    Over 2
                                                                    less         3 months          6 months         12 months     or less        2 years     years          Total
                       (2)
Deposits from banks                                                 675                14                 7                  8      704              −          −          704
Certificates of deposit and commercial paper(3)                   2,762             2,685             2,736                283    8,466              −          −        8,466
Senior unsecured medium-term notes(4)                               219             2,893                 −              2,449    5,561          1,874      6,665       14,100
Senior unsecured structured notes                                     −                 −               269                  −      269              −      3,552        3,821
Covered bonds and asset-backed securities
 Mortgage securitization                                              −             1,467               473              1,697    3,637          4,341     13,261       21,239
 Covered bonds                                                        −                 −                 −              1,923    1,923          2,241      5,944       10,108
 Securitization of credit card receivables                            −                 −                 −                  −        −             36          −           36
Subordinated liabilities(5)                                           −                 −                 −                  −        −              −        779          779
                                                                  3,656             7,059             3,485              6,360   20,560          8,492     30,201       59,253

Secured funding                                                       −             1,467               473              3,620    5,560          6,618     19,205       31,383
Unsecured funding                                                 3,656             5,592             3,012              2,740   15,000          1,874     10,996       27,870
                                                                  3,656             7,059             3,485              6,360   20,560          8,492     30,201       59,253
As at October 31, 2019                                            3,187             6,098             7,217              6,925   23,427          9,362     30,746       63,535

(1)   Bankers’ acceptances are not included in this table.
(2)   Deposits from banks include all non-negotiable term deposits from banks.
(3)   Includes bearer deposit notes.
(4)   Certificates of deposit denominated in euros are included in senior unsecured medium-term notes.
(5)   Subordinated debt is presented in this table but the Bank does not consider it as part of its wholesale funding.


As part of a comprehensive liquidity management framework, the Bank regularly reviews its contracts that stipulate that additional collateral could be required
in the event of a downgrade of the Bank’s credit rating. The Bank’s liquidity position management approach already incorporates additional collateral
requirements in the event of a one-notch to three-notch downgrade. The table below presents the additional collateral requirements in the event of a one-notch
or three-notch credit rating downgrade.

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                               As at April 30, 2020
                                                                                                                                             One-notch               Three-notch
                                                                                                                                            downgrade                 downgrade

Derivatives(1)                                                                                                                                    25                         34

(1)   Contractual requirements related to agreements known as Credit Support Annexes.
Residual Contractual Maturities of Balance Sheet Items and Off-Balance-Sheet Commitments
The following tables present balance sheet items and off-balance-sheet commitments by residual contractual maturity as at April 30, 2020 with comparative
figures as at October 31, 2019. The information gathered from this maturity analysis is a component of liquidity and funding management. However, this
maturity profile does not represent how the Bank manages its interest rate risk or its liquidity risk and funding needs. The Bank considers factors other than
contractual maturity in the assessment of liquid assets or in determining expected future cash flows.

In the normal course of business, the Bank enters into various off-balance-sheet commitments. The credit instruments used to meet the financing needs of its
clients represent the maximum amount of additional credit the Bank could be obligated to extend if the commitments were fully drawn.

The Bank also has future minimum commitments under leases as well as for other contracts, mainly commitments to purchase loans and contracts for
outsourced information technology services. Most of the lease commitments are related to operating leases.

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                  As at April 30, 2020
                                                               Over 1       Over 3      Over 6       Over 9    Over 1     Over 2                    No
                                              1 month       month to     months to   months to   months to    year to   years to    Over 5   specified
                                                or less     3 months     6 months    9 months    12 months    2 years    5 years     years    maturity          Total

Assets

Cash and deposits
 with financial institutions                   10,800            268           137         65          76          9         −          −     16,445        27,800

Securities
 At fair value through
  profit or loss                                1,584          5,072           568       930        1,331      3,640     6,233      9,905     33,717        62,980
 At fair value through
  other comprehensive income                        1              2             −         20         648        566     6,452      3,182        570        11,441
 At amortized cost                                 54            187           709        319         502      2,762     4,933        780          −        10,246
                                                1,639          5,261         1,277      1,269       2,481      6,968    17,618     13,867     34,287        84,667

Securities purchased under
 reverse repurchase
 agreements and
 securities borrowed                            7,790          1,980           139          −            −     1,196         −          −      6,605        17,710

Loans(1)
 Residential mortgage                           1,159          1,911         2,815      2,293       2,080     10,322    34,454      4,507        675        60,216
 Personal                                         347            671           893        813         690      3,120    12,394      3,354     14,597        36,879
 Credit card                                                                                                                                   1,901         1,901
 Business and government                       10,222          3,743         3,288      2,507       3,394      6,340    16,091      3,086      9,052        57,723
 Customers’ liability under
  acceptances                                   5,887            998           157          −            −        −          −          −           −        7,042
 Allowances for credit losses                                                                                                                  (1,033)      (1,033)
                                               17,615          7,323         7,153      5,613       6,164     19,782    62,939     10,947     25,192       162,728

Other
 Derivative financial instruments               2,508          1,814           980      1,038         867      1,289     2,931      4,320           −       15,747
 Investments in associates and
  joint ventures                                                                                                                                 393           393
 Premises and equipment                                                                                                                        1,175         1,175
 Goodwill                                                                                                                                      1,423         1,423
 Intangible assets                                                                                                                             1,444         1,444
 Other assets(1)                                1,126           177            145        316         208        312        38          −      1,541         3,863
                                                3,634         1,991          1,125      1,354       1,075      1,601     2,969      4,320      5,976        24,045
                                               41,478        16,823          9,831      8,301       9,796     29,556    83,526     29,134     88,505       316,950

(1)   Amounts collectible on demand are considered to have no specified maturity.
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                             As at April 30, 2020
                                                                 Over 1         Over 3         Over 6         Over 9           Over 1         Over 2                           No
                                                1 month       month to       months to      months to     months to           year to       years to         Over 5     specified
                                                  or less     3 months       6 months       9 months      12 months           2 years        5 years          years      maturity          Total

Liabilities and equity

Deposits(1)(2)
 Personal                                        1,323           2,334          3,282           3,331          3,409          4,542          7,086           2,387       36,175        63,869
 Business and government                        24,384           7,476          4,782           3,169          2,988          4,769         13,663           4,328       66,232       131,791
 Deposit-taking institutions                     1,339              50            342              30              −              5              −              44        3,975         5,785
                                                27,046           9,860          8,406           6,530          6,397          9,316         20,749           6,759      106,382       201,445

Other
 Acceptances                                      5,887            998             157               −              −              −               −                −          −         7,042
 Obligations related
  to securities sold short(3)                        28              45            774            150            438            629          3,376           4,772        5,209        15,421
 Obligations related to
  securities sold under
  repurchase agreements and
  securities loaned                             10,605           5,513          7,974              62          6,697          1,500                −                −     1,994        34,345
 Derivative financial
  instruments                                     1,865          1,706          1,020           1,399            796            989          4,829           2,596             −       15,200
 Liabilities related to transferred
  receivables(4)                                     −           1,467            473           1,435            262          4,341         10,064          3,197             −        21,239
 Securitization – Credit card(5)                     −               −              −               −              −             36              −              −             −            36
 Lease liabilities(5)                                8              14             21              21             21             85            231            254             −           655
 Other liabilities – Other items(1)(5)           1,049             105             87             152            116             35             74            219         3,137         4,974
                                                19,442           9,848         10,506           3,219          8,330          7,615         18,574         11,038        10,340        98,912

Subordinated debt                                      −              −              −               −              −              −               −           779             −           779

Equity                                                                                                                                                                   15,814        15,814
                                                46,488          19,708         18,912           9,749        14,727          16,931         39,323         18,576       132,536       316,950

Off-balance-sheet commitments
 Letters of guarantee and
  documentary letters of credit                     169            960             794          2,134            662            563              89                 −         −          5,371
 Credit card receivables(6)                                                                                                                                               8,114          8,114
 Backstop liquidity and credit
  enhancement facilities(7)                          15              −              −              15          4,502              −              −               −        2,487         7,019
 Commitments to extend credit(8)                  2,126          4,804          4,610           4,599          3,429          5,794          9,771           1,298       28,347        64,778
 Obligations related to:
  Lease commitments(9)                                2              2              2               1              1              6              3                  1         −            18
  Other contracts(10)                               146            411            384             208             45            139            161                  −        93         1,587

(1)    Amounts payable upon demand or notice are considered to have no specified maturity.
(2)    The Deposits item is presented in greater detail than it is on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(3)    Amounts are disclosed according to the remaining contractual maturity of the underlying security.
(4)    These amounts mainly include liabilities related to the securitization of mortgage loans.
(5)    The Other liabilities item is presented in greater detail than it is on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(6)    These amounts are unconditionally revocable at the Bank’s discretion at any time.
(7)    In the event of payment on one of the backstop liquidity facilities, the Bank will receive as collateral government bonds in an amount up to $4.5 billion.
(8)    These amounts include $37.7 billion that is unconditionally revocable at the Bank’s discretion at any time.
(9)    These amounts include leases for which the underlying asset is of low value and leases other than for real estate of less than one year.
(10)   These amounts include $0.3 billion in contractual commitments related to the head office building under construction.
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                   As at October 31, 2019
                                                               Over 1       Over 3          Over 6       Over 9    Over 1     Over 2                    No
                                              1 month       month to     months to       months to   months to    year to   years to    Over 5   specified
                                                or less     3 months     6 months        9 months    12 months    2 years    5 years     years    maturity         Total

Assets

Cash and deposits
 with financial institutions                    7,301          1,638           121           111           33         −          −          −      4,494        13,698

Securities
 At fair value through
  profit or loss                                1,228            647           658           256          411      4,215     7,451      6,872     40,085        61,823
 At fair value through
  other comprehensive income                       36             14            26             5            1      3,213     4,749      1,982        622        10,648
 At amortized cost                                 33             84           262           331          105      1,704     5,853      1,383          −         9,755
                                                1,297            745           946           592          517      9,132    18,053     10,237     40,707        82,226

Securities purchased under
 reverse repurchase
 agreements and
 securities borrowed                            7,247          1,365           922           495             −     1,317         −          −      6,377        17,723
      (1)
Loans
 Residential mortgage                             734          1,161         1,959          3,093       2,893     10,674    32,601      3,375        681        57,171
 Personal                                         253            430           803            972         843      3,367    11,576      3,407     15,293        36,944
 Credit card                                                                                                                                       2,322         2,322
 Business and government                        8,469          2,771         2,995          3,203       2,222      6,016    13,445      2,771      8,707        50,599
 Customers’ liability under
  acceptances                                   6,138            710                45          −            −        −          −          −          −        6,893
 Allowances for credit losses                                                                                                                       (678)        (678)
                                               15,594          5,072         5,802          7,268       5,958     20,057    57,622      9,553     26,325      153,251

Other
 Derivative financial instruments                 564            614           483           262          194       847      2,039      3,126           −        8,129
 Investments in associates and
  joint ventures                                                                                                                                     385          385
 Premises and equipment                                                                                                                              490          490
 Goodwill                                                                                                                                          1,412        1,412
 Intangible assets                                                                                                                                 1,406        1,406
 Other assets(1)                                1,425            142            87             88          88        266       107         38        497        2,738
                                                1,989            756           570            350         282      1,113     2,146      3,164      4,190       14,560
                                               33,428          9,576         8,361          8,816       6,790     31,619    77,821     22,954     82,093      281,458

(1)   Amounts collectible on demand are considered to have no specified maturity.
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                         As at October 31, 2019
                                                                 Over 1         Over 3         Over 6          Over 9          Over 1         Over 2                          No
                                                1 month       month to       months to      months to      months to          year to       years to         Over 5    specified
                                                  or less     3 months       6 months       9 months       12 months          2 years        5 years          years     maturity         Total

Liabilities and equity

Deposits(1)(2)
 Personal                                         1,716          1,983           3,045          2,696          3,042          6,105          7,276           2,606      31,596       60,065
 Business and government                         20,252          6,050           6,630          4,778          2,723          6,411         11,706           6,213      60,503      125,266
 Deposit-taking institutions                        711             69              79             29            275              −              5              46       3,021        4,235
                                                 22,679          8,102           9,754          7,503          6,040         12,516         18,987           8,865      95,120      189,566

Other
 Acceptances                                      6,138             710             45               −              −               −              −               −          −        6,893
 Obligations related
  to securities sold short(3)                       504             176            195              34            495            315          2,738          5,147       3,245        12,849
 Obligations related to
  securities sold under
  repurchase agreements and
  securities loaned                               7,493          1,281           2,881          2,743               −               −              −               −     7,502        21,900
 Derivative financial
  instruments                                       793             763            556            292             214            712          1,959          1,563            −        6,852
 Liabilities related to transferred
  receivables(4)                                      −          1,491             995            881            375           3,640        10,623           3,307           −        21,312
 Securitization – Credit card(5)                      −              −             874              −              −               −            37               −           −           911
 Other liabilities – Other items(1)(5)            1,298            330             141             63             36              58            84             292       2,964         5,266
                                                 16,226          4,751           5,687          4,013          1,120           4,725        15,441          10,309      13,711        75,983

Subordinated debt                                      −               −              −              −              −               −              −           773            −          773

Equity                                                                                                                                                                  15,136       15,136
                                                 38,905         12,853         15,441          11,516          7,160         17,241         34,428          19,947     123,967      281,458

Off-balance-sheet commitments
 Letters of guarantee and
  documentary letters of credit                     335          1,430             411          1,019             888          1,258              53               −         −         5,394
 Credit card receivables(6)                                                                                                                                              7,630         7,630
 Backstop liquidity and credit
  enhancement facilities(7)                           −             15           3,017             15              −               −             −               −       2,608         5,655
 Commitments to extend credit(8)                  1,916          4,552           4,103          5,064          4,019           4,258        10,326             784      27,102        62,124
 Obligations related to:
  Lease commitments                                   8              17             26             27              26             99            249            239            −          691
  Other contracts(9)                                158             289            523            423             380            198            257              −            −        2,228

(1)   Amounts payable upon demand or notice are considered to have no specified maturity.
(2)   The Deposits item is presented in greater detail than it is on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(3)   Amounts are disclosed according to the remaining contractual maturity of the underlying security.
(4)   These amounts mainly include liabilities related to the securitization of mortgage loans.
(5)   The Other liabilities item is presented in greater detail than it is on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(6)   These amounts are unconditionally revocable at the Bank’s discretion at any time.
(7)   In the event of payment on one of the backstop liquidity facilities, the Bank will receive as collateral government bonds in an amount up to $3.0 billion.
(8)   These amounts include $35.7 billion that is unconditionally revocable at the Bank’s discretion at any time.
(9)   These amounts include $0.3 billion in contractual commitments related to the head office building under construction.
One of the purposes of the 2019 Annual Report, the Report to Shareholders – Second Quarter 2020, and the related supplementary information documents is
to provide transparent, high-quality risk disclosures in accordance with the recommendations made by the Financial Stability Board’s EDTF group. The
following table lists the references where users can find information that responds to the EDTF’s 32 recommendations.

                                                                                                                                                                    Pages
                                                                                                                                                          Supplementary
                                                                                                             2019                Report to            Regulatory Capital
                                                                                                     Annual Report          Shareholders(1)      and Pillar 3 Disclosure(1)

General
 1 Location of risk disclosures                                                                                12                       42
       Management’s Discussion and Analysis                                           50 to 94, 107, 109 and 110                  24 to 41
       Consolidated Financial Statements                                                Notes 1, 7, 16, 23 and 29           Notes 7 and 13
       Supplementary Financial Information                                                                                                                      19 to 29(2)
       Supplementary Regulatory Capital and Pillar 3 Disclosure                                                                                                    5 to 48
 2 Risk terminology and risk measures                                                                    58 to 94
 3 Top and emerging risks                                                                                63 to 67                    4 to 10
 4 New key regulatory ratios                                                              51 to 53, 80, 82 and 86     24, 25, 33, 36 and 78

Risk governance and risk management
  5 Risk management organization, processes and key functions                                 58 to 76, 82 and 83
  6 Risk management culture                                                                             58 and 59
  7 Key risks by business segment, risk management and risk appetite                              57 to 59 and 63
  8 Stress testing                                                                      50, 59, 71, 80, 81 and 83

Capital adequacy and risk-weighted assets (RWA)
  9 Minimum Pillar 1 capital requirements                                                                  51 to 53              24 and 25
 10 Reconciliation of the accounting balance sheet to
        the regulatory balance sheet                                                                                                                   7 to 13, 16 and 17
 11 Movements in regulatory capital                                                                              55                      26
 12 Capital planning                                                                                       50 to 57
 13 RWA by business segment and by risk type                                                                     57                                                      6
 14 Capital requirements by risk and the RWA calculation method                                            67 to 71                                                      6
 15 Banking book credit risk                                                                                                                                             6
 16 Movements in RWA by risk type                                                                               56                       27                              6
 17 Assessment of credit risk model performance                                                62, 68 to 70 and 75                                                      31

Liquidity
 18 Liquidity management and components of the liquidity buffer                                            82 to 87                33 to 37

Funding
 19 Summary of encumbered and unencumbered assets                                                        84 and 85                       35
 20 Residual contractual maturities of balance sheet items and
       off-balance-sheet commitments                                                                    203 to 207                 38 to 41
 21 Funding strategy and funding sources                                                                  87 to 89                       37

Market risk
 22 Linkage of market risk measures to balance sheet                                                    77 and 78                30 and 31
 23 Market risk factors                                                                     75 to 81, 191 and 192                 31 to 33
 24 VaR: Assumptions, limitations and validation procedures                                             78 and 79
 25 Stress tests, stressed VaR and backtesting                                                            75 to 81

Credit risk
 26 Credit risk exposures                                                                     74 and 151 to 163            29 and 63 to 74        18 to 39 and 19 to 27(2)
 27 Policies for identifying impaired loans                                                    72, 126 and 127
 28 Movements in impaired loans and allowances for credit losses                   107, 109, 110 and 151 to 163                    63 to 74                    24 to 26(2)
 29 Counterparty credit risk relating to derivatives transactions                         72, 73 and 171 to 174                                33 to 40 and 28(2) and 29(2)
 30 Credit risk mitigation                                                                     70 to 72 and 148                                       20, 24 and 38 to 48

Other risks
 31 Other risks: Governance, measurement and management                                        66, 67 and 90 to 94
 32 Publicly known risk events                                                                                  90                  4 to 10

(1)   Second quarter 2020.
(2)   These pages are included in the document entitled Supplementary Financial Information — Second Quarter 2020.
The Bank’s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The financial statements also comply with section 308(4) of the Bank Act (Canada), which states that, except
as otherwise specified by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (Canada) (OSFI), the consolidated financial statements are to be prepared in
accordance with IFRS. IFRS represent Canadian generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). None of the OSFI accounting requirements are exceptions to
IFRS. The unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarter and the six-month period ended April 30, 2020 were prepared in
accordance with IAS 34 – Interim Financial Reporting and using the same accounting policies described in Note 1 to the audited annual consolidated financial
statements for the year ended October 31, 2019, except for the changes described in Note 2 to the interim condensed consolidated financial statements,
which have been applied since November 1, 2019 following the Bank’s adoption of IFRS 16 – Leases as well as the early adoption of the amendments to IFRS 7
and IAS 39 arising from the interest rate benchmark reform.

In preparing consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS, management must exercise judgment and make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reporting date carrying amounts of assets and liabilities, net income and related information. Some accounting policies are considered critical given their
importance to the presentation of the Bank’s financial position and operating results and require difficult, subjective and complex judgments and estimates on
matters that are inherently uncertain. Any change in these judgments and estimates could have a significant impact on the Bank’s consolidated financial
statements. The critical accounting estimates are the same as those described on pages 95 to 100 of the 2019 Annual Report.

COVID-19 Pandemic Considerations
Some of the Bank’s accounting policies require subjective and complex judgments and estimates, as they relate to matters that are inherently uncertain. See
Note 1 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019 for a summary of the most significant estimation
processes used to prepare the consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS and for the measurement techniques used to determine carrying
values and fair values of assets and liabilities.

On March 11, 2020, COVID-19 was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization. As a result of the heightened uncertainty associated with the
unprecedented nature of the COVID-19 pandemic, developing reliable estimates and applying judgment has become even more challenging. ECL accounting
has become particularly difficult in the current circumstances and requires significant judgment. The ECL model is forward looking and is based on a
probability-weighted approach. Measurement of ECLs at each reporting period reflects reasonable and supportable information about past events, current
conditions, and forecasts of future events and economic conditions. During this period of greater economic uncertainty, it is very difficult to forecast future
events and the macroeconomic inputs used in ECL modelling. Determining macroeconomic scenarios and assigning probabilities to these scenarios requires
significant judgment. Consideration is given both to the effects of COVID-19 and the significant government support measures. The Bank applies expert credit
judgment to adjust modelled ECL results when it becomes evident that known or expected risk factors and information were not considered in the credit rating
and modelling process. As a result of COVID-19 and the recent economic downturn, significant measurement uncertainty exists in determining ECLs, and
measurement is subject to significant judgment. The uncertainty regarding key inputs used in measuring ECLs is outlined in Note 7 to these consolidated
financial statements.

In response to the economic impact of COVID-19, the Canadian government has established, among other financial relief programs, the Canada Emergency
Business Account (CEBA) program to provide interest-free loans of up to $40,000 for small and medium-sized businesses and non-profit organizations. The
Bank and several other financial institutions are authorized to implement this program in cooperation with Export Development Canada. This program is
guaranteed by the Government of Canada and aims to help businesses cope with the economic challenges resulting from the COVID-19 crisis. Loans made by
the Bank to its business clients under the CEBA program are not recognized on the Bank’s consolidated balance sheet, since the conditions of a qualifying
pass-through arrangement have been met and the Bank has determined that substantially all risks and rewards of ownership of the loans have been
transferred to the Canadian government.
The Bank closely monitors both new accounting standards and amendments to existing accounting standards issued by the IASB. The following standards
have been issued but are not yet effective. The Bank is currently assessing the impact of the application of these standards on the consolidated financial
statements.

Effective Date – November 1, 2020
Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting
On March 29, 2018, the IASB published Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting to replace its 2010 conceptual framework. For the IASB, the revised
conceptual framework has been in effect since its publication date.

Effective Date – November 1, 2023
IFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts
In May 2017, the IASB issued IFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts, a new standard that replaces IFRS 4, the current insurance contract accounting standard. IFRS 17
introduces a new accounting framework that will improve the comparability and quality of financial information. In June 2019, the IASB issued an exposure
draft that proposed targeted amendments to IFRS 17. At its meeting on March 17, 2020, the IASB decided to defer the IFRS 17 effective date to fiscal years
beginning on or after January 1, 2023. The IASB has completed deliberations on the exposure draft and expects to issue final amendments to IFRS 17 in June
2020.




During the second quarter of 2020, no changes were made to the policies, procedures and other processes that comprise the Bank’s internal control over
financial reporting that had or could reasonably have a significant impact on the internal control over financial reporting.
(millions of Canadian dollars,
 except per share amounts)                                                     2020                                                    2019                       2018    2019     2018
                                                                    Q2            Q1            Q4            Q3           Q2            Q1            Q4           Q3    Total    Total

Total revenues                                                 2,036         1,923         1,915         1,948         1,770         1,799        1,814          1,792   7,432    7,166

Net income                                                        379           610           604          608           558           552           566          569    2,322    2,232

Earnings per share ($)
 Basic                                                           1.01          1.69          1.68          1.68         1.52          1.51          1.53          1.54    6.39     6.01
 Diluted                                                         1.01          1.67          1.67          1.66         1.51          1.50          1.52          1.52    6.34     5.94
Dividends per common share ($)                                   0.71          0.71          0.68          0.68         0.65          0.65          0.62          0.62    2.66     2.44

Return on common
 shareholders’ equity (%)                                        10.7          18.0          18.2          18.7         17.8          17.2          17.8          18.4    18.0     18.4

Total assets                                                316,950       289,191       281,458       276,312       269,106       263,355      262,471       257,637

Net impaired loans(1)                                             479           436           450          420           379           373           404          413

Per common share ($)
 Book value                                                    38.74         37.58         36.89         36.12         35.49         34.85        34.40          33.91
 Share price
  High                                                         74.79         74.22         68.02         64.16         63.82         61.80        65.63          64.29
  Low                                                          38.73         68.25         60.38         60.71         60.31         54.97        58.93          61.26

(1)   All loans classified in Stage 3 of the expected credit loss model are impaired loans; the net impaired loans presented in this table exclude POCI loans.
                                     Consolidated Balance Sheets    47
                               Consolidated Statements of Income    48
                Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income     49
                     Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity   50
                           Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    51
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    52
                                                                                                                                             As at April 30, 2020    As at October 31, 2019
Assets
Cash and deposits with financial institutions                                                                                                            27,800                      13,698
Securities (Notes 4, 5 and 6)
At fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                                     62,980                      61,823
At fair value through other comprehensive income                                                                                                         11,441                      10,648
At amortized cost                                                                                                                                        10,246                       9,755
                                                                                                                                                         84,667                      82,226
Securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements
 and securities borrowed                                                                                                                                 17,710                      17,723
Loans (Note 7)
Residential mortgage                                                                                                                                    60,216                      57,171
Personal                                                                                                                                                36,879                      36,944
Credit card                                                                                                                                              1,901                       2,322
Business and government                                                                                                                                 57,723                      50,599
                                                                                                                                                       156,719                     147,036
Customers' liability under acceptances                                                                                                                   7,042                       6,893
Allowances for credit losses                                                                                                                            (1,033)                       (678)
                                                                                                                                                       162,728                     153,251
Other
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                        15,747                       8,129
Investments in associates and joint ventures                                                                                                               393                         385
Premises and equipment (Note 2)                                                                                                                          1,175                         490
Goodwill                                                                                                                                                 1,423                       1,412
Intangible assets                                                                                                                                        1,444                       1,406
Other assets (Note 9)                                                                                                                                    3,863                       2,738
                                                                                                                                                        24,045                      14,560
                                                                                                                                                       316,950                     281,458
Liabilities and equity
Deposits (Notes 5 and 10)                                                                                                                              201,445                     189,566
Other
Acceptances                                                                                                                                               7,042                       6,893
Obligations related to securities sold short                                                                                                             15,421                      12,849
Obligations related to securities sold under repurchase agreements
 and securities loaned(1) (Note 8)                                                                                                                       34,345                      21,900
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                         15,200                       6,852
Liabilities related to transferred receivables (Notes 5 and 8)                                                                                           21,239                      21,312
Other liabilities (Note 11)                                                                                                                               5,665                       6,177
                                                                                                                                                         98,912                      75,983
Subordinated debt                                                                                                                                           779                         773
Equity
Equity attributable to the Bank’s shareholders (Notes 12 and 14)
Preferred shares                                                                                                                                         2,450                       2,450
Common shares                                                                                                                                            3,028                       2,949
Contributed surplus                                                                                                                                         46                          51
Retained earnings                                                                                                                                       10,058                       9,312
Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                                                                                    (137)                         16
                                                                                                                                                        15,445                      14,778
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                                  369                         358
                                                                                                                                                        15,814                      15,136
                                                                                                                                                       316,950                     281,458
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements.

(1)   As at April 30, 2020, Obligations related to securities sold under repurchase agreements and securities loaned include term repurchase transactions with the Bank of Canada, for which the
      underlying asset is a Bank issued security such as bearer deposit notes and covered bonds.
                                                                                                                            Quarter ended April 30                 Six months ended April 30
                                                                                                                         2020                 2019                  2020                   2019
Interest income
Loans                                                                                                                  1,530                1,583                 3,178                   3,187
Securities at fair value through profit or loss                                                                          356                  307                   636                     539
Securities at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                               55                   45                   110                      82
Securities at amortized cost                                                                                              61                   52                   120                     105
Deposits with financial institutions                                                                                      22                   69                    54                     139
                                                                                                                       2,024                2,056                 4,098                   4,052
Interest expense
Deposits                                                                                                                 711                  831                 1,601                   1,671
Liabilities related to transferred receivables                                                                           105                  108                   211                     214
Subordinated debt                                                                                                          5                    6                    11                      12
Other                                                                                                                     98                  169                   240                     350
                                                                                                                         919                1,114                 2,063                   2,247
Net interest income(1)                                                                                                 1,105                  942                 2,035                   1,805
Non-interest income
Underwriting and advisory fees                                                                                           114                   82                   200                     143
Securities brokerage commissions                                                                                          58                   46                   106                      90
Mutual fund revenues                                                                                                     112                  112                   232                     218
Trust service revenues                                                                                                   166                  149                   332                     296
Credit fees                                                                                                              107                   99                   217                     201
Card revenues                                                                                                             33                   48                    72                      89
Deposit and payment service charges                                                                                       63                   63                   131                     131
Trading revenues (losses)                                                                                                214                  105                   439                     333
Gains (losses) on non-trading securities, net                                                                             (1)                  25                    29                      57
Insurance revenues, net                                                                                                   28                   28                    64                      62
Foreign exchange revenues, other than trading                                                                             31                   22                    55                      46
Share in the net income of associates and joint ventures                                                                   6                    7                    16                      15
Other                                                                                                                      −                   42                    31                      83
                                                                                                                         931                  828                 1,924                   1,764
Total revenues                                                                                                         2,036                1,770                 3,959                   3,569
Provisions for credit losses (Note 7)                                                                                    504                   84                   593                     172
                                                                                                                       1,532                1,686                 3,366                   3,397
Non-interest expenses
Compensation and employee benefits                                                                                       693                  607                 1,353                   1,223
Occupancy                                                                                                                 77                   63                   143                     125
Technology                                                                                                               176                  172                   345                     333
Communications                                                                                                            13                   16                    29                      32
Professional fees                                                                                                         58                   57                   117                     119
Other                                                                                                                    104                  111                   225                     220
                                                                                                                       1,121                1,026                 2,212                   2,052
Income before income taxes                                                                                               411                  660                 1,154                   1,345
Income taxes                                                                                                              32                  102                   165                     235
Net income                                                                                                               379                  558                   989                   1,110

Net income attributable to
Preferred shareholders                                                                                                    29                    29                   58                      58
Common shareholders                                                                                                      339                   510                  904                   1,017
Bank shareholders                                                                                                        368                   539                  962                   1,075
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                 11                    19                   27                      35
                                                                                                                         379                   558                  989                   1,110

Earnings per share (dollars) (Note 17)
 Basic                                                                                                                  1.01                  1.52                 2.70                    3.03
 Diluted                                                                                                                1.01                  1.51                 2.68                    3.01
Dividends per common share (dollars) (Note 12)                                                                          0.71                  0.65                 1.42                    1.30
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements.

(1)   Net interest income includes dividend income. For additional information, see Note 1 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019.
                                                                                                                      Quarter ended April 30   Six months ended April 30
                                                                                                                        2020          2019          2020           2019
Net income                                                                                                              379            558          989          1,110
Other comprehensive income, net of income taxes
 Items that may be subsequently reclassified to net income
   Net foreign currency translation adjustments
    Net unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) on investments in foreign operations                     179             50          192             42
    Impact of hedging net foreign currency translation gains (losses)                                                   (67)           (14)         (73)           (13)
                                                                                                                        112             36          119             29
  Net change in debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income
   Net unrealized gains (losses) on debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income                     83             16          106             24
   Net (gains) losses on debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income
    reclassified to net income                                                                                           (57)          (13)          (68)          (23)
   Change in allowances for credit losses on debt securities at fair value through
    other comprehensive income reclassified to net income                                                                 2              −             2             −
                                                                                                                         28              3            40             1
  Net change in cash flow hedges
   Net gains (losses) on derivative financial instruments designated as cash flow hedges                               (262)           (51)         (300)         (145)
   Net (gains) losses on designated derivative financial instruments reclassified to net income                          (4)            (3)           (7)          (12)
                                                                                                                       (266)           (54)         (307)         (157)
   Share in the other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures                                               3              3             3             4
 Items that will not be subsequently reclassified to net income
   Remeasurements of pension plans and other post-employment benefit plans                                              319             13          256            (39)
   Net gains (losses) on equity securities designated at fair value through other comprehensive income                  (35)             1          (24)            (5)
   Net fair value change attributable to the credit risk on financial liabilities designated
    at fair value through profit or loss                                                                                142            (58)         111             (5)
                                                                                                                        426            (44)         343            (49)
Total other comprehensive income, net of income taxes                                                                   303            (56)         198           (172)
Comprehensive income                                                                                                    682            502        1,187            938
Comprehensive income attributable to
 Bank shareholders                                                                                                      664            480        1,152            901
 Non-controlling interests                                                                                               18             22           35             37
                                                                                                                        682            502        1,187            938




The following table presents the income tax expense or recovery for each component of other comprehensive income.
                                                                                                                      Quarter ended April 30   Six months ended April 30
                                                                                                                        2020          2019          2020           2019
Net foreign currency translation adjustments
 Net unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) on investments in foreign operations                          (7)            (1)          (7)             2
 Impact of hedging net foreign currency translation gains (losses)                                                       (18)            (4)         (20)            (4)
                                                                                                                         (25)            (5)         (27)            (2)
Net change in debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income
 Net unrealized gains (losses) on debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income                       30              6            38              9
 Net (gains) losses on debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income
  reclassified to net income                                                                                             (21)            (4)         (25)            (8)
 Change in allowances for credit losses on debt securities at fair value through
  other comprehensive income reclassified to net income                                                                   1              −             1             −
                                                                                                                         10              2            14             1
Net change in cash flow hedges
 Net gains (losses) on derivative financial instruments designated as cash flow hedges                                  (94)           (18)         (108)          (52)
 Net (gains) losses on designated derivative financial instruments reclassified to net income                            (1)            (2)           (2)           (5)
                                                                                                                        (95)           (20)         (110)          (57)
Share in the other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures                                                  1              1             1             1
Remeasurements of pension plans and other post-employment benefit plans                                                 114              5            92           (14)
Net gains (losses) on equity securities designated at fair value through other comprehensive income                     (14)             −            (9)           (2)
Net fair value change attributable to the credit risk on financial liabilities designated at
 fair value through profit or loss                                                                                       52            (21)           40            (2)
                                                                                                                         43            (38)            1           (75)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                                       Six months ended April 30
                                                                                                                                    2020                   2019
Preferred shares at beginning and at end                                                                                          2,450                  2,450
Common shares at beginning (Note 12)                                                                                              2,949                  2,822
Issuances of common shares pursuant to the Stock Option Plan                                                                         84                     51
Repurchases of common shares for cancellation                                                                                        (5)                   (17)
Impact of shares purchased or sold for trading                                                                                        −                     45
Common shares at end                                                                                                              3,028                  2,901
Contributed surplus at beginning                                                                                                      51                     57
Stock option expense (Note 14)                                                                                                         5                      6
Stock options exercised                                                                                                              (10)                    (7)
Other                                                                                                                                  −                     (4)
Contributed surplus at end                                                                                                            46                     52
Retained earnings at beginning                                                                                                    9,312                  8,472
Impact of adopting IFRS 15 on November 1, 2018                                                                                        −                     (4)
Net income attributable to the Bank's shareholders                                                                                  962                  1,075
Dividends on preferred shares (Note 12)                                                                                             (58)                   (58)
Dividends on common shares (Note 12)                                                                                               (476)                  (436)
Premium paid on common shares repurchased for cancellation                                                                          (25)                  (105)
Remeasurements of pension plans and other post-employment benefit plans                                                             256                    (39)
Net gains (losses) on equity securities designated at fair value through other comprehensive income                                 (24)                    (5)
Net fair value change attributable to the credit risk on financial liabilities
 designated at fair value through profit or loss                                                                                    111                     (5)
Impact of a financial liability resulting from put options written to non-controlling interests                                       −                     (6)
Retained earnings at end                                                                                                         10,058                  8,889
Accumulated other comprehensive income at beginning                                                                                  16                    175
Net foreign currency translation adjustments                                                                                        111                     27
Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income                          40                      1
Net change in gains (losses) on cash flow hedges                                                                                   (307)                  (157)
Share in the other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures                                                              3                      4
Accumulated other comprehensive income at end                                                                                      (137)                    50
Equity attributable to the Bank's shareholders                                                                                   15,445                 14,342
Non-controlling interests at beginning                                                                                              358                    379
Net income attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                 27                     35
Other comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                  8                      2
Distributions to non-controlling interests                                                                                          (24)                   (23)
Non-controlling interests at end                                                                                                    369                    393
Equity                                                                                                                           15,814                 14,735



                                                                                                                      As at April 30, 2020   As at April 30, 2019
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Net foreign currency translation adjustments                                                                                         119                     41
Net unrealized gains (losses) on debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income                                     54                     14
Net gains (losses) on instruments designated as cash flow hedges                                                                    (313)                    (6)
Share in the other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures                                                               3                      1
                                                                                                                                    (137)                    50
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                                                                                 Six months ended April 30
                                                                                                                                                                               2020                2019
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income                                                                                                                                                                     989                       1,110
Adjustments for
 Provisions for credit losses                                                                                                                                                  593                          172
 Amortization of premises and equipment including right-of-use assets                                                                                                           96                           53
 Amortization of intangible assets                                                                                                                                             125                          114
 Deferred taxes                                                                                                                                                                (67)                          18
 Losses (gains) on sales of non-trading securities, net                                                                                                                        (29)                         (57)
 Share in the net income of associates and joint ventures                                                                                                                      (16)                         (15)
 Stock option expense                                                                                                                                                            5                            6
Change in operating assets and liabilities
 Securities at fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                                           (1,157)                      (7,657)
 Securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowed                                                                                              13                          966
 Loans and acceptances, net of securitization                                                                                                                             (10,039)                      (2,658)
 Deposits                                                                                                                                                                  11,879                        8,589
 Obligations related to securities sold short                                                                                                                               2,572                       (2,386)
 Obligations related to securities sold under repurchase agreements and securities loaned                                                                                  12,445                          380
 Derivative financial instruments, net                                                                                                                                        730                          779
 Securitization – Credit card                                                                                                                                                (874)                           1
 Interest and dividends receivable and interest payable                                                                                                                      (146)                         (62)
 Current tax assets and liabilities                                                                                                                                          (305)                        (166)
 Other items                                                                                                                                                               (1,551)                          32
                                                                                                                                                                           15,263                         (781)
Cash flows from financing activities
Issuances of common shares (including the impact of shares purchased for trading)                                                                                                74                          89
Repurchases of common shares for cancellation                                                                                                                                   (30)                       (122)
Repayments of lease liabilities                                                                                                                                                 (44)                          −
Dividends paid                                                                                                                                                                 (762)                       (488)
Distributions to non-controlling interests                                                                                                                                      (24)                        (23)
                                                                                                                                                                               (786)                       (544)
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchases of non-trading securities                                                                                                                                         (7,838)                     (6,283)
Maturities of non-trading securities                                                                                                                                           880                         559
Sales of non-trading securities                                                                                                                                              6,294                       4,712
Net change in premises and equipment                                                                                                                                          (103)                        (61)
Net change in intangible assets                                                                                                                                               (163)                       (173)
                                                                                                                                                                              (930)                     (1,246)
Impact of currency rate movements on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                 555                          313
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                           14,102                      (2,258)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning                                                                                                                                     13,698                      12,756
Cash and cash equivalents at end(1)                                                                                                                                        27,800                      10,498
Supplementary information about cash flows from operating activities
Interest paid                                                                                                                                                                2,233                       2,270
Interest and dividends received                                                                                                                                              4,122                       4,014
Income taxes paid                                                                                                                                                              194                         189
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements.

(1)   This item is the equivalent of Consolidated Balance Sheet item Cash and deposits with financial institutions. It includes an amount of $5.5 billion as at April 30, 2020 ($4.1 billion as at October 31, 2019)
      for which there are restrictions.
 Note 1    Basis of Presentation                                           52      Note 11   Other Liabilities                                              76
 Note 2    Accounting Policy Changes                                       53      Note 12   Share Capital                                                  77
 Note 3    Future Accounting Policy Changes                                55      Note 13   Capital Disclosure                                             78
 Note 4    Fair Value of Financial Instruments                             56      Note 14   Share-Based Payments                                           78
 Note 5    Financial Instruments Designated at Fair Value Through                  Note 15   Employee Benefits – Pension Plans and Other
           Profit or Loss                                                  61                 Post-Employment Benefits                                      79
 Note 6    Securities                                                      62      Note 16   Income Taxes                                                   80
 Note 7    Loans and Allowances for Credit Losses                          63      Note 17   Earnings Per Share                                             80
 Note 8    Financial Assets Transferred But Not Derecognized               75      Note 18   Contingent Liabilities                                         81
 Note 9    Other Assets                                                    76      Note 19   Segment Disclosures                                            82
 Note 10   Deposits                                                        76      Note 20   Event After the Consolidated Balance Sheet Date                83




On May 26, 2020, the Board of Directors authorized the publication of the Bank’s unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements (the
consolidated financial statements) for the quarter and six-month period ended April 30, 2020.

The Bank’s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The financial statements also comply with section 308(4) of the Bank Act (Canada), which states that, except
as otherwise specified by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (Canada) (OSFI), the consolidated financial statements are to be prepared in
accordance with IFRS. IFRS represent Canadian generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). None of the OSFI accounting requirements are exceptions to
IFRS.

These consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with IAS 34 – Interim Financial Reporting and using the same accounting policies as
those described in Note 1 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019, except for the changes described in
Note 2 to these consolidated financial statements, which have been applied since November 1, 2019 following the Bank’s adoption of IFRS 16 – Leases as well
as its early adoption of amendments to IFRS 7 and IAS 39 arising from the interest rate benchmark reform.

As permitted by the transitional provisions of IFRS 16, the Bank elected to apply IFRS 16 using the modified retrospective basis, with no restatement of
comparative periods. Note 2 to these consolidated financial statements presents the impacts of IFRS 16 adoption on the Bank’s Consolidated Balance Sheet as
at November 1, 2019 and additional information on adoption of IFRS 16. Since interim consolidated financial statements do not include all the annual financial
statement disclosures required under IFRS, they should be read in conjunction with the audited annual consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes for the year ended October 31, 2019.

COVID-19 Pandemic Considerations
Some of the Bank’s accounting policies require subjective and complex judgments and estimates, as they relate to matters that are inherently uncertain. See
Note 1 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019 for a summary of the most significant estimation
processes used to prepare the consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS and for the measurement techniques used to determine carrying
values and fair values of assets and liabilities.

On March 11, 2020, COVID-19 was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization. As a result of the heightened uncertainty associated with the
unprecedented nature of the COVID-19 pandemic, developing reliable estimates and applying judgment has become even more challenging. ECL accounting
has become particularly difficult in the current circumstances and requires significant judgment. The ECL model is forward looking and is based on a
probability-weighted approach. Measurement of ECLs at each reporting period reflects reasonable and supportable information about past events, current
conditions, and forecasts of future events and economic conditions. During this period of greater economic uncertainty, it is very difficult to forecast future
events and the macroeconomic inputs used in ECL modelling. Determining macroeconomic scenarios and assigning probabilities to these scenarios requires
significant judgment. Consideration is given both to the effects of COVID-19 and the significant government support measures. The Bank applies expert credit
judgment to adjust modelled ECL results when it becomes evident that known or expected risk factors and information were not considered in the credit rating
and modelling process. As a result of COVID-19 and the recent economic downturn, significant measurement uncertainty exists in determining ECLs, and
measurement is subject to significant judgment. The uncertainty regarding key inputs used in measuring ECLs is outlined in Note 7 to these consolidated
financial statements.
In response to the economic impact of COVID-19, the Canadian government has established, among other financial relief programs, the Canada Emergency
Business Account (CEBA) program to provide interest-free loans of up to $40,000 for small and medium-sized businesses and non-profit organizations. The
Bank and several other financial institutions are authorized to implement this program in cooperation with Export Development Canada. This program is
guaranteed by the Government of Canada and aims to help businesses cope with the economic challenges resulting from the COVID-19 crisis. Loans made by
the Bank to its business clients under the CEBA program are not recognized on the Bank’s consolidated balance sheet, since the conditions of a qualifying
pass-through arrangement have been met and the Bank has determined that substantially all risks and rewards of ownership of the loans have been
transferred to the Canadian government.

Unless otherwise indicated, all amounts are expressed in Canadian dollars, which is the Bank’s functional and presentation currency.




The Bank adopted the following new and amended standards on November 1, 2019.

IFRS 16 – Leases
IFRS 16 introduces a single on-balance-sheet accounting model for lessees. As for lessors, IFRS 16 substantially carries forward the lessor accounting in the
previous accounting standard, with the distinction between operating leases and finance leases being retained. Changes in accounting policies resulting from
the adoption of IFRS 16 on November 1, 2019 are described hereafter.

At the inception date of a contract, the Bank assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the
right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. When the Bank is a lessee, it recognizes a right-of-use asset
and a corresponding lease liability at the lease commencement date except for short-term leases (defined as leases with terms of 12 months or less) other
than real estate leases and leases for which the underlying asset is of low value. For such leases, the Bank recognizes the lease payments as a non-interest
expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. As a practical expedient, the Bank elected for real estate leases not to separate non-lease components
from lease components and instead account for them as a single lease component.

Right-of-use assets
Right-of-use assets are initially measured at cost, and subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for
certain remeasurements of lease liabilities. The cost of a right-of-use asset comprises the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability, any lease
payments made at or before the commencement date, any initial direct costs incurred when entering into the lease, and an estimate of costs to dismantle the
asset or restore the site, less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the lesser of the lease term and the useful life of the
asset.

Right-of-use assets are presented in Premises and equipment on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The depreciation expense and impairment losses, if any, are
recorded in Non-interest expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Income.

Lease liabilities
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of future lease payments net of lease incentives not yet received. The present value of lease
payments is determined using the Bank’s incremental borrowing rate. The lease liability is subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective
interest method. In determining the lease term, the Bank considers all the facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise an extension
option or not to exercise a termination option. The lease term determined by the Bank comprises the non-cancellable period of lease contracts, the periods
covered by an option to extend the lease if the Bank is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and the periods covered by an option to terminate the lease if
the Bank is reasonably certain not to exercise that option. The Bank reassesses the lease term if a significant event or change in circumstances occurs and that
is within its control. The Bank applies judgment to determine the lease term when the lease includes extension and termination options.

Lease liabilities are presented in Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and the interest expense is presented in the Interest expense – Other
item of the Consolidated Statement of Income.
Impact of IFRS 16 adoption
On November 1, 2019, the Bank adopted IFRS 16. As a result, the Bank recognized right-of-use assets of $648 million ($668 million reduced by provisions for
onerous lease contracts of $20 million previously recorded in Other liabilities – Other items as at October 31, 2019) and lease liabilities of $668 million.

On transition, for leases previously classified as operating leases, lease liabilities were measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments and
discounted using the Bank’s incremental borrowing rate as at November 1, 2019. The Bank’s weighted average incremental borrowing rate on the total lease
liability as at November 1, 2019 was 2.77%. Right-of-use assets were measured at an amount equal to the lease liability and reduced by the amount of the
provisions for onerous contracts recorded as at October 31, 2019.

The Bank used the following practical expedients when applying IFRS 16 to leases previously classified as operating leases. The Bank:

•   excluded initial direct costs from the measurement of the right-of-use assets at the date of initial application;
•   relied on previous assessments of whether or not a lease is an onerous contract;
•   did not separate lease components and non-lease components and treated them as a single lease component;
•   applied the recognition exemption to leases for which the lease term ends within 12 months of the transition date and to leases for which the underlying
    asset is of low value; and
•   elected not to apply IFRS 16 to leases of intangible assets.

The following table presents a reconciliation of the Bank’s operating lease commitments as at October 31, 2019 to the lease liabilities recognized as at
November 1, 2019.


Operating lease commitments as at October 31, 2019                                                                                                      691
Extension and termination options reasonably certain to be exercised                                                                                     70
Impact of discounting using the Bank's incremental borrowing rate as at November 1, 2019                                                                (93)
Lease liabilities recognized as at November 1, 2019                                                                                                     668

As at April 30, 2020, the amount of the right-of-use assets presented in Premises and equipment was $629 million and the amount of lease liabilities
presented in Other liabilities was $655 million. For the quarter ended April 30, 2020, the Bank recognized a $25 million depreciation expense on right-of-use
assets in Non-interest expenses – Occupancy ($49 million for the six-month period ended April 30, 2020) and a $4 million interest expense on lease liabilities
in Interest expense – Other ($9 million for the six-month period ended April 30, 2020).

Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7)
In September 2019, in response to uncertainty arising from the phasing-out of benchmark interest rates such as interbank offered rates (IBORs), the IASB
issued amendments to its new and former financial instrument standards, IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments and IAS 39 – Financial Instruments: Recognition and
Measurement as well as to the related standard on disclosures, IFRS 7 – Financial Instruments: Disclosure. On November 1, 2019, the Bank early adopted the
amendments to IFRS 7 and IAS 39. When the Bank had adopted IFRS 9 on November 1, 2017, it had made an accounting policy choice to continue applying the
IAS 39 hedge accounting requirements.

The amendments to IAS 39 provide temporary relief from applying specific hedge accounting requirements to all hedging relationships directly affected by
interest rate benchmark reform. A hedging relationship is affected by interest rate benchmark reform if the reform gives rise to uncertainties about (a) the
interest rate benchmark (contractually or non-contractually specified) designated as a hedged risk; and/or (b) the timing or the amount of interest rate
benchmark-based cash flows of the hedged item or of the hedging instrument. The amendments modify specific hedge accounting requirements so that
entities would apply those hedge accounting requirements assuming that the interest rate benchmark is not altered as a result of the interest rate benchmark
reform, thereby allowing hedge accounting to continue during the period of uncertainty prior to the transition to alternative benchmark rates. Mandatory
application of the amendments ends at the earlier of the following: when the uncertainty arising from interest rate benchmark reform is no longer present and
when the hedging relationship is discontinued.

For the Bank, the effective date of these amendments is November 1, 2020. However, early adoption is permitted. For additional information, see Note 17 to
the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019.
The Bank closely monitors both new accounting standards and amendments to existing accounting standards issued by the IASB. The following standards
have been issued but are not yet effective. The Bank is currently assessing the impact of the application of these standards on the consolidated financial
statements.

Effective Date – November 1, 2020
Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting
On March 29, 2018, the IASB published Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting to replace its 2010 conceptual framework. For the IASB, the revised
conceptual framework has been in effect since its publication date.

Effective Date – November 1, 2023
IFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts
In May 2017, the IASB issued IFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts, a new standard that replaces IFRS 4, the current insurance contract accounting standard. IFRS 17
introduces a new accounting framework that will improve the comparability and quality of financial information. In June 2019, the IASB issued an exposure
draft that proposed targeted amendments to IFRS 17. At its meeting on March 17, 2020, the IASB decided to defer the IFRS 17 effective date to fiscal years
beginning on or after January 1, 2023. The IASB has completed deliberations on the exposure draft and expects to issue final amendments to IFRS 17 in
June 2020.
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value or at amortized cost in accordance with the categories
set out in the accounting framework for financial instruments.

                                                                                                                                                                 As at April 30, 2020
                                                                                                                                   Carrying             Fair
                                                                                                 Carrying value and fair value        value           value
                                                           Financial         Financial    Debt securities Equity securities
                                                        instruments       instruments     classified as at designated at fair
                                                     classified as at   designated at           fair value      value through     Financial        Financial
                                                           fair value        fair value    through other                 other instruments     instruments         Total       Total
                                                      through profit    through profit    comprehensive       comprehensive at amortized       at amortized     carrying         fair
                                                              or loss           or loss           income               income      cost, net       cost, net       value       value


Financial assets
 Cash and deposits with financial
  institutions                                                    −                 −                  −                   −       27,800          27,800       27,800      27,800
 Securities                                                 59,741             3,239            10,871                  570        10,246          10,431       84,667      84,852
 Securities purchased under reverse
  repurchase agreements
  and securities borrowed                                         −                 −                  −                   −       17,710          17,710       17,710      17,710
 Loans and acceptances, net of allowances                    7,497                  −                  −                   −     155,231         157,138       162,728     164,635
 Other
 Derivative financial instruments                           15,747                  −                  −                   −            −               −       15,747      15,747
 Other assets                                                    −                  −                  −                   −        1,757           1,757        1,757       1,757
Financial liabilities                                       15,747                  −                  −                   −            −               −       15,747      15,747
 Deposits                                                         −          10,963                                              190,482 (1)     191,126       201,445     202,089
 Other
 Acceptances                                                     −                  −                                               7,042           7,042        7,042       7,042
 Obligations related to securities sold short               15,421                  −                                                   −               −       15,421      15,421
 Obligations related to securities sold under
  repurchase agreements and
  securities loaned                                              −                 −                                               34,345          34,345       34,345      34,345
 Derivative financial instruments                           15,200                 −                                                    −               −       15,200      15,200
 Liabilities related to transferred receivables                  −             8,078                                               13,161          13,479       21,239      21,557
 Other liabilities                                               −                 −                                                2,227           2,228        2,227       2,228
 Subordinated debt                                                −                 −                                                 779             769          779         769

(1)   Includes embedded derivative financial instruments.
                                                                                                                                                               As at October 31, 2019
                                                                                                                                   Carrying             Fair
                                                                                                 Carrying value and fair value        value           value
                                                           Financial         Financial    Debt securities Equity securities
                                                        instruments       instruments     classified as at designated at fair
                                                     classified as at   designated at           fair value      value through     Financial        Financial
                                                           fair value        fair value    through other                 other instruments     instruments          Total      Total
                                                      through profit    through profit    comprehensive       comprehensive at amortized       at amortized      carrying        fair
                                                              or loss           or loss           income               income      cost, net       cost, net        value      value

Financial assets
 Cash and deposits with financial
  institutions                                                    −                 −                  −                   −       13,698          13,698       13,698       13,698
 Securities                                                 58,556             3,267            10,026                  622         9,755           9,824       82,226       82,295
 Securities purchased under reverse
  repurchase agreements
  and securities borrowed                                         −                87                  −                   −       17,636          17,636       17,723       17,723
 Loans and acceptances, net of allowances                    6,798                  −                  −                   −     146,453         147,051       153,251      153,849
                                                                                                       −
 Other
 Derivative financial instruments                            8,129                  −                  −                   −            −               −         8,129       8,129
 Other assets                                                    −                  −                  −                   −        1,193           1,193         1,193       1,193
Financial liabilities
 Deposits                                                         −          11,203                                              178,363 (1)     178,861       189,566      190,064
 Other
 Acceptances                                                     −                  −                                               6,893           6,893        6,893        6,893
 Obligations related to securities sold short               12,849                  −                                                   −               −       12,849       12,849
 Obligations related to securities sold under
  repurchase agreements and
  securities loaned                                              −                 −                                               21,900          21,900       21,900       21,900
 Derivative financial instruments                            6,852                 −                                                    −               −        6,852        6,852
 Liabilities related to transferred receivables                  −             8,215                                               13,097          13,186       21,312       21,401
 Other liabilities                                              24                 −                                                3,018           3,019        3,042        3,043
 Subordinated debt                                                −                 −                                                 773             765           773         765

(1)   Includes embedded derivative financial instruments.




The fair value of a financial instrument is the price that would be received to sell a financial asset or paid to transfer a financial liability in an orderly transaction
in the principal market at the measurement date under current market conditions (i.e., an exit price).

Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets provide the best evidence of fair value. When there is no quoted price in an active market, the Bank applies other
valuation techniques that maximize the use of relevant observable inputs and that minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Such valuation techniques include
the following: using information available from recent market transactions, referring to the current fair value of a comparable financial instrument, applying
discounted cash flow analysis, applying option pricing models, or relying on any other valuation technique that is commonly used by market participants and
has proven to yield reliable estimates. Judgment is required when applying many of the valuation techniques. The Bank’s valuation was based on its
assessment of the conditions prevailing as at April 30, 2020 and may change in the future. Furthermore, there may be valuation uncertainty resulting from the
choice of valuation model used.

Fair value is established in accordance with a rigorous control framework. The Bank has policies and procedures that govern the process for determining fair
value. The Bank’s valuation governance structure has remained largely unchanged from that described in Note 3 to the audited annual consolidated financial
statements for the year ended October 31, 2019. The valuation techniques used to determine the fair value of financial assets and liabilities are also described
in this note, and no significant changes have been made to the valuation techniques.
Hierarchy of Fair Value Measurements
IFRS establishes a fair value measurement hierarchy that classifies the inputs used in financial instrument fair value measurement techniques according to
three levels. This fair value hierarchy requires observable market inputs to be used whenever such inputs exist. According to the hierarchy, the highest level of
inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments and the lowest level of inputs are unobservable inputs. If inputs from different
levels of the hierarchy are used, the financial instrument is classified in the same level as the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
measurement. For additional information, see Note 3 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019.

Transfers of financial instruments between Levels 1 and 2 and transfers to (or from) Level 3 are deemed to have taken place at the beginning of the quarter in
which the transfer occurred. Significant transfers can occur between the fair value hierarchy levels due to new information about the inputs used to determine
fair value and the observable nature of those inputs.

During the quarter ended April 30, 2020, there were no significant transfers from Level 2 to Level 1 ($4 million in securities classified as at fair value through
profit or loss during the quarter ended April 30, 2019). Also during the quarter ended April 30, 2020, there were no significant transfers from Level 1 to Level 2
($8 million in securities classified as at fair value through profit or loss and $1 million in obligations related to securities sold short during the quarter ended
April 30, 2019). During the six-month periods ended April 30, 2020 and 2019, financial instruments were transferred to (or from) Level 3 due to changes in the
availability of observable market inputs resulting from changing market conditions.

The following tables show financial instruments recorded at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheet according to the fair value hierarchy.

                                                                                                                                                 As at April 30, 2020
                                                                                                                                                       Total financial
                                                                                                                                                    assets/liabilities
                                                                                                     Level 1           Level 2           Level 3         at fair value

Financial assets
 Securities
   At fair value through profit or loss
    Securities issued or guaranteed by
     Canadian government                                                                             2,873             7,627                 −              10,500
     Canadian provincial and municipal governments                                                       −             8,509                 −               8,509
     U.S. Treasury, other U.S. agencies and other foreign governments                                6,814                47                 −               6,861
    Other debt securities                                                                                −             3,351                42               3,393
    Equity securities                                                                               32,899               411               407              33,717
                                                                                                    42,586            19,945               449              62,980
  At fair value through other comprehensive income
   Securities issued or guaranteed by
    Canadian government                                                                                647             4,820                 −               5,467
    Canadian provincial and municipal governments                                                        −             3,426                 −               3,426
    U.S. Treasury, other U.S. agencies and other foreign governments                                   485               131                 −                 616
   Other debt securities                                                                                 −             1,362                 −               1,362
   Equity securities                                                                                     5               198               367                 570
                                                                                                     1,137             9,937               367              11,441
 Loans                                                                                                   −             7,112               385                7,497
 Other
  Derivative financial instruments                                                                     375            15,344                28              15,747
                                                                                                    44,098            52,338             1,229              97,665
Financial liabilities
 Deposits                                                                                                −            11,104                  −             11,104
 Other
  Obligations related to securities sold short                                                      10,249             5,172                 −              15,421
  Derivative financial instruments                                                                     292            14,894                14              15,200
  Liabilities related to transferred receivables                                                         −             8,078                 −               8,078
                                                                                                    10,541            39,248                14              49,803
                                                                                                                                         As at October 31, 2019
                                                                                                                                                  Total financial
                                                                                                                                               assets/liabilities
                                                                                                  Level 1          Level 2           Level 3        at fair value

Financial assets
 Securities
   At fair value through profit or loss
    Securities issued or guaranteed by
     Canadian government                                                                         2,102             8,321                 −              10,423
     Canadian provincial and municipal governments                                                   −             6,762                 −               6,762
     U.S. Treasury, other U.S. agencies and other foreign governments                            1,770                90                 −               1,860
    Other debt securities                                                                            −             2,666                27               2,693
    Equity securities                                                                           38,836               818               431              40,085
                                                                                                42,708            18,657               458              61,823
  At fair value through other comprehensive income
   Securities issued or guaranteed by
    Canadian government                                                                             196            4,236                 −               4,432
    Canadian provincial and municipal governments                                                     −            1,674                 −               1,674
    U.S. Treasury, other U.S. agencies and other foreign governments                              3,471               75                 −               3,546
   Other debt securities                                                                              −              374                 −                 374
   Equity securities                                                                                 53              207               362                 622
                                                                                                  3,720            6,566               362              10,648
 Securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and
  securities borrowed                                                                                 −               87                 −                   87
 Loans                                                                                                −            6,438               360               6,798
 Other
  Derivative financial instruments                                                                 179             7,924                26               8,129
                                                                                                46,607            39,672             1,206              87,485
Financial liabilities
 Deposits                                                                                             −           11,383                 −              11,383
 Other
  Obligations related to securities sold short                                                    8,352            4,497                 −              12,849
  Derivative financial instruments                                                                  156            6,674                22               6,852
  Liabilities related to transferred receivables                                                      −            8,215                 −               8,215
  Other liabilities                                                                                   −               24                 −                  24
                                                                                                  8,508           30,793                22              39,323




The Bank classifies financial instruments in Level 3 when the valuation technique is based on at least one significant input that is not observable in the
markets. The Bank maximizes the use of observable inputs to determine the fair value of financial instruments.

For a description of the valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used in determining the fair value of financial instruments classified in
Level 3, see Note 3 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019. For the quarter and six-month period ended
April 30, 2020, no significant change was made to the valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used in determining fair value.

Sensitivity Analysis of Financial Instruments Classified in Level 3
The Bank performs sensitivity analyses on the fair value measurements of financial instruments classified in Level 3, substituting unobservable inputs with one
or more reasonably possible alternative assumptions. For additional information on how a change in an unobservable input might affect the fair value
measurements of Level 3 financial instruments, see Note 3 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019. For
the six-month period ended April 30, 2020, there were no significant changes in the sensitivity analyses of Level 3 financial instruments.
Change in the Fair Value of Financial Instruments Classified in Level 3
The Bank may hedge the fair value of financial instruments classified in the various levels through offsetting hedge positions. Gains and losses for financial
instruments classified in Level 3 presented in the following tables do not reflect the inverse gains and losses on financial instruments used for economic
hedging purposes that may have been classified in Levels 1 or 2 by the Bank. In addition, the Bank may hedge the fair value of financial instruments classified
in Level 3 using other financial instruments classified in Level 3. The effect of these hedges is not included in the net amount presented in the following tables.
The gains and losses presented hereafter may comprise changes in fair value based on observable and unobservable inputs.

                                                                                                                                            Six months ended April 30, 2020
                                                                                                                      Securities
                                                                                                   Securities       at fair value
                                                                                                 at fair value    through other                 Derivative
                                                                                               through profit    comprehensive                   financial
                                                                                                       or loss           income     Loans   instruments(1)        Deposits

Fair value as at October 31, 2019                                                                        458                362      360               4                 −
Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) included in Net income (2)                                  (18)                 −      (26)             14                 5
Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) included in
  Other comprehensive income                                                                               −                  5        −               −                 −
Purchases                                                                                                 16                  −        −               −                 −
Sales                                                                                                     (7)                 −        −               −                 −
Issuances                                                                                                  −                  −       10               −                 −
Settlements and other                                                                                      −                  −       11               1                 −
Financial instruments transferred into Level 3                                                             −                  −       30              (2)               (9)
Financial instruments transferred out of Level 3                                                           −                  −        −              (3)                4
Fair value as at April 30, 2020                                                                          449                367      385              14                 −
Change in unrealized gains and losses included in Net income with respect
 to financial assets and financial liabilities held as at April 30, 2020(3)                               (10)                −      (26)             14                 5



                                                                                                                                            Six months ended April 30, 2019
                                                                                                                      Securities
                                                                                                   Securities       at fair value
                                                                                                 at fair value    through other                 Derivative
                                                                                               through profit    comprehensive                   financial
                                                                                                       or loss           income     Loans   instruments(1)        Deposits

Fair value as at October 31, 2018                                                                        313               233      386               (7)             (11)
Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) included in Net income (4)                                   36                 −       10               14                −
Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) included in
  Other comprehensive income                                                                               −                 −        −                −                 −
Purchases                                                                                                 37                 −        −                −                 −
Sales                                                                                                    (38)                −        −                −                 −
Issuances                                                                                                  −                 −        3                −                 −
Settlements and other                                                                                      −                 −      (13)               3                 −
Financial instruments transferred into Level 3                                                             −                 −        −              (10)                −
Financial instruments transferred out of Level 3                                                           −                 −        −                5                 3
Fair value as at April 30, 2019                                                                          348               233      386                5                (8)
Change in unrealized gains and losses included in Net income with respect
 to financial assets and financial liabilities held as at April 30, 2019(5)                               29                  −       10              14                −

(1)   The derivative financial instruments include assets and liabilities presented on a net basis.
(2)   Total gains (losses) included in Non-interest income was a loss of $25 million.
(3)   Total unrealized gains (losses) included in Non-interest income was an unrealized loss of $17 million.
(4)   Total gains (losses) included in Non-interest income was a gain of $60 million.
(5)   Total unrealized gains (losses) included in Non-interest income was an unrealized gain of $53 million.
The Bank chose to designate certain financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss according to the criteria presented in Note 1 to the audited annual
consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019. Consistent with its risk management strategy and under the fair value option, which
permits the designation if it eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would otherwise arise from measuring
financial assets and liabilities or recognizing gains and losses thereon on different bases, the Bank designated at fair value through profit or loss certain
securities, certain securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements, and certain liabilities related to transferred receivables. The fair value of
liabilities related to transferred receivables does not include credit risk, as the holders of these liabilities are not exposed to the Bank’s credit risk. The Bank
also designated certain deposits that include embedded derivative financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss.

To determine a change in fair value arising from a change in the credit risk of deposits designated at fair value through profit or loss, the Bank calculates, at
the beginning of the period, the present value of the instrument’s contractual cash flows using the following rates: first, using an observed discount rate for
similar securities that reflects the Bank’s credit spread and, then, using a rate that excludes the Bank’s credit spread. The difference obtained between the two
values is then compared to the difference obtained using the same rates at the end of the period.

Information about the financial assets and financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss is provided in the following tables.

                                                                                                                                  Unrealized                Unrealized                  Unrealized
                                                                                                            Carrying        gains (losses) for        gains (losses) for     gains (losses) since
                                                                                                        value as at        the quarter ended     the six months ended      the initial recognition
                                                                                                     April 30, 2020            April 30, 2020            April 30, 2020         of the instrument

Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
 Securities                                                                                                 3,239                         63                        76                       102

Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
 Deposits(1)(2)                                                                                            10,963                     1,230                      1,086                       973
 Liabilities related to transferred receivables                                                             8,078                      (151)                      (169)                     (240)
.
                                                                                                           19,041                     1,079                        917                       733


                                                                                                                                  Unrealized                Unrealized                  Unrealized
                                                                                                            Carrying        gains (losses) for        gains (losses) for     gains (losses) since
                                                                                                        value as at        the quarter ended     the six months ended      the initial recognition
                                                                                                     April 30, 2019            April 30, 2019            April 30, 2019         of the instrument

Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
 Securities                                                                                                 3,352                         28                        71                          5
 Securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements                                                     413                          −                         −                          −
                                                                                                            3,765                         28                        71                          5

Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
 Deposits(1)(2)                                                                                            10,957                       (514)                     (725)                     (132)
 Liabilities related to transferred receivables                                                             7,256                        (44)                     (147)                      (58)
                                                                                                           18,213                       (558)                     (872)                     (190)

(1)   For the quarter ended April 30, 2020, the change in the fair value of deposits designated at fair value through profit or loss attributable to credit risk, and recorded in Other comprehensive
      income, resulted in a gain of $194 million ($79 million loss for the quarter ended April 30, 2019). For the six-month period ended April 30, 2020, the corresponding change in this item
      resulted in a gain of $151 million ($7 million loss for the six-month period ended April 30, 2019).
(2)   The amount at maturity that the Bank will be contractually required to pay to the holders of these deposits varies and will differ from the reporting date fair value.
As at April 30, 2020 and as at October 31, 2019, securities at fair value through other comprehensive income and securities at amortized cost are classified in
Stage 1, with their credit quality falling mainly in the “Excellent” category according to the Bank’s internal risk-rating categories. For additional information on
the reconciliation of allowances for credit losses, see Note 7 to these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                                     As at April 30, 2020
                                                                                                            Amortized      Gross unrealized      Gross unrealized               Carrying
                                                                                                                 cost                gains                 losses                value(1)

Securities issued or guaranteed by
 Canadian government                                                                                           5,339                    129                    (1)               5,467
 Canadian provincial and municipal governments                                                                 3,279                    147                     −                3,426
 U.S. Treasury, other U.S. agencies and other foreign governments                                                577                     39                     −                  616
Other debt securities                                                                                          1,316                     47                    (1)               1,362
Equity securities                                                                                                612                      3                   (45)                 570
                                                                                                              11,123                    365                   (47)              11,441

                                                                                                                                                                As at October 31, 2019
                                                                                                            Amortized      Gross unrealized      Gross unrealized              Carrying
                                                                                                                 cost                gains                 losses               value(1)

Securities issued or guaranteed by
 Canadian government                                                                                           4,411                     26                    (5)               4,432
 Canadian provincial and municipal governments                                                                 1,614                     60                     −                1,674
 U.S. Treasury, other U.S. agencies and other foreign governments                                              3,521                     25                     −                3,546
Other debt securities                                                                                            364                     11                    (1)                 374
Equity securities                                                                                                649                      2                   (29)                 622
                                                                                                              10,559                    124                   (35)              10,648

(1)   The allowances for credit losses on securities at fair value through other comprehensive income, representing an amount of $3 million as at April 30, 2020 (a negligible amount as at
      October 31, 2019), are reported in Other comprehensive income. For additional information, see Note 7 to these consolidated financial statements.


Equity Securities Designated at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income
The Bank designated certain equity securities, the business objective of which is to generate dividend income, at fair value through other comprehensive
income without subsequent reclassification of gains and losses to net income.

During the six-month period ended April 30, 2020, an amount of $11 million in dividend income was recognized for these investments ($10 million for the six-
month period ended April 30, 2019), including an amount of $2 million in dividend income for investments that were sold during the six-month period ended
April 30, 2020 (negligible amount for investments sold during the six-month period ended April 30, 2019).

                                                                                   Six months ended April 30, 2020                                     Six months ended April 30, 2019
                                                   Equity securities of    Equity securities of                         Equity securities of   Equity securities of
                                                    private companies       public companies                  Total      private companies      public companies                  Total
Fair value at the beginning                                       362                    260                   622                    233                    118                    351
 Change in fair value                                               5                    (38)                  (33)                     −                     (7)                    (7)
 Designated at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                                        −                     60                    60                      −                     51                     51
 Sales(1)                                                           −                    (79)                  (79)                     −                    (23)                   (23)
Fair value at the end                                             367                    203                   570                    233                    139                    372

(1)   The Bank disposed of public company equity securities for economic reasons.
                                                                                                                       As at April 30, 2020   As at October 31, 2019
Securities issued or guaranteed by
 Canadian government                                                                                                               5,018                     5,248
 Canadian provincial and municipal governments                                                                                     2,485                     1,788
 U.S. Treasury, other U.S. agencies and other foreign governments                                                                     21                       139
Other debt securities                                                                                                              2,724                     2,581
Gross carrying value                                                                                                              10,248                     9,756
Allowances for credit losses                                                                                                           2                         1
Carrying value                                                                                                                    10,246                     9,755




During the six-month periods ended April 30, 2020 and 2019, the Bank sold certain debt securities measured at amortized cost. The carrying value of these
securities upon disposal was $101 million for the six-month period ended April 30, 2020 ($166 million for the six-month period ended April 30, 2019), and the
Bank had recognized gains of $5 million for the six-month period ended April 30, 2020 (negligible amount for the six-month period ended April 30, 2019) in
Non-interest income – Gains (losses) on non-trading securities, net in the Consolidated Statement of Income.




Determining Expected Credit Losses
Expected credit losses are determined using a three-stage impairment approach that is based on the change in the credit quality of financial assets since initial
recognition.

Stage 1
Financial assets that have experienced no significant increase in credit risk between initial recognition and the reporting date and for which 12-month
expected credit losses are recorded at the reporting date are classified in Stage 1.

Stage 2
Financial assets that have experienced a significant increase in credit risk between initial recognition and the reporting date, and for which lifetime expected
credit losses are recorded at the reporting date, are classified in Stage 2.

Stage 3
Financial assets for which there is objective evidence of impairment, for which one or more events have had a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash
flows of these financial assets at the reporting date, and for which lifetime expected credit losses are recorded, are classified in Stage 3.

POCI
Financial assets that are credit-impaired when purchased or originated (POCI) are classified in the POCI category.

For additional information, see Note 7 to the audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019 as well as Note 1 to these
consolidated financial statements.




The following tables present the gross carrying amounts of loans as at April 30, 2020 and October 31, 2019, according to credit quality and ECL impairment
stage of each loan category at amortized cost, and according to credit quality for loans at fair value through profit or loss. For additional information on credit
quality according to the Advanced Internal Rating-Based (AIRB) categories, see the Internal Default Risk Ratings table on page 69 in the Credit Risk section of
the 2019 Annual Report.
                                                                                                                                                                              As at April 30, 2020
                                                                                                                                                       Loans at fair value
                                                                                Non-impaired loans (1)                             Impaired loans
                                                                                                                                                        through profit or
                                                                      Stage 1                 Stage 2               Stage 3                   POCI                  loss(2)                  Total

Residential mortgage
 Excellent                                                           21,940                       9                      −                      −                      −                 21,949
 Good                                                                15,568                     113                      −                      −                      −                 15,681
 Satisfactory                                                         7,681                   1,222                      −                      −                      −                  8,903
 Special mention                                                        268                     654                      −                      −                      −                    922
 Substandard                                                             83                     332                      −                      −                      −                    415
 Default                                                                  −                       −                    125                      −                      −                    125
AIRB approach                                                        45,540                   2,330                    125                      −                      −                 47,995
Standardized approach                                                 4,630                      26                     36                    635                  6,894                 12,221
Gross carrying amount                                                50,170                   2,356                    161                    635                  6,894                 60,216
Allowances for credit losses(3)                                          57                      22                     29                    (62)                     −                     46
Carrying amount                                                      50,113                   2,334                    132                    697                  6,894                 60,170
Personal
 Excellent                                                           13,997                      31                      −                      −                       −                14,028
 Good                                                                 9,691                   1,074                      −                      −                       −                10,765
 Satisfactory                                                         4,279                   2,219                      −                      −                       −                 6,498
 Special mention                                                        285                     807                      −                      −                       −                 1,092
 Substandard                                                             76                     242                      −                      −                       −                   318
 Default                                                                  −                       −                    140                      −                       −                   140
AIRB approach                                                        28,328                   4,373                    140                      −                       −                32,841
Standardized approach                                                 3,471                      76                     21                    470                       −                 4,038
Gross carrying amount                                                31,799                   4,449                    161                    470                       −                36,879
Allowances for credit losses(3)                                          72                     150                     77                     (7)                      −                   292
Carrying amount                                                      31,727                   4,299                     84                    477                       −                36,587
Credit card
 Excellent                                                              243                       −                       −                      −                      −                   243
 Good                                                                   228                       −                       −                      −                      −                   228
 Satisfactory                                                           639                      22                       −                      −                      −                   661
 Special mention                                                        357                     264                       −                      −                      −                   621
 Substandard                                                             26                     105                       −                      −                      −                   131
 Default                                                                  −                       −                       −                      −                      −                     −
AIRB approach                                                         1,493                     391                       −                      −                      −                 1,884
Standardized approach                                                    17                       −                       −                      −                      −                    17
Gross carrying amount                                                 1,510                     391                       −                      −                      −                 1,901
Allowances for credit losses(3)                                          37                     121                       −                      −                      −                   158
Carrying amount                                                       1,473                     270                       −                      −                      −                 1,743
Business and government(4)
 Excellent                                                            6,305                       −                      −                       −                   189                  6,494
 Good                                                                26,076                       6                      −                       −                   161                 26,243
 Satisfactory                                                        17,874                   7,077                      −                       −                    71                 25,022
 Special mention                                                         49                   1,256                      −                       −                     −                  1,305
 Substandard                                                             12                     238                      −                       −                     −                    250
 Default                                                                  −                       −                    359                       −                     −                    359
AIRB approach                                                        50,316                   8,577                    359                       −                   421                 59,673
Standardized approach                                                 4,623                     188                     99                       −                   182                  5,092
Gross carrying amount                                                54,939                   8,765                    458                       −                   603                 64,765
Allowances for credit losses(3)                                         153                     189                    195                       −                     −                    537
Carrying amount                                                      54,786                   8,576                    263                       −                   603                 64,228
Total loans
Gross carrying amount                                              138,418                   15,961                    780                  1,105                  7,497               163,761
Allowances for credit losses(3)                                        319                      482                    301                    (69)                     −                 1,033
Carrying amount                                                    138,099                   15,479                    479                  1,174                  7,497               162,728

(1)   In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Bank has approved certain payment deferrals for all types of loans. The gross carrying value of loans for which deferrals have been approved
      totalled $8.6 billion for residential mortgages, $756 million for personal loans, $66 million for credit card receivables, and $4.5 billion for business and government loans. These loans are
      presented in the stage in which they were positioned immediately prior to application of the payment deferral.
(2)   Not subject to expected credit losses.
(3)   The allowances for credit losses do not include the amounts related to undrawn commitments reported in the Other liabilities item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(4)   Includes customers’ liability under acceptances.
                                                                                                                                                                        As at October 31, 2019
                                                                                                                                                     Loans at fair value
                                                                               Non-impaired loans                                Impaired loans
                                                                                                                                                       through profit or
                                                                     Stage 1               Stage 2                Stage 3                   POCI                   loss(1)               Total

Residential mortgage
 Excellent                                                          21,840                      −                      −                      −                      −               21,840
 Good                                                               14,375                     11                      −                      −                      −               14,386
 Satisfactory                                                        8,178                    674                      −                      −                      −                8,852
 Special mention                                                       413                    497                      −                      −                      −                  910
 Substandard                                                           101                    248                      −                      −                      −                  349
 Default                                                                 −                      −                    117                      −                      −                  117
AIRB approach                                                       44,907                  1,430                    117                      −                      −               46,454
Standardized approach                                                3,686                     19                     27                    553                  6,432               10,717
Gross carrying amount                                               48,593                  1,449                    144                    553                  6,432               57,171
Allowances for credit losses(2)                                         37                     12                     25                    (53)                     −                   21
Carrying amount                                                     48,556                  1,437                    119                    606                  6,432               57,150
Personal
 Excellent                                                          14,331                      −                      −                      −                        −             14,331
 Good                                                               10,119                    206                      −                      −                        −             10,325
 Satisfactory                                                        4,973                  1,477                      −                      −                        −              6,450
 Special mention                                                       416                    711                      −                      −                        −              1,127
 Substandard                                                           109                    199                      −                      −                        −                308
 Default                                                                 −                      −                    139                      −                        −                139
AIRB approach                                                       29,948                  2,593                    139                      −                        −             32,680
Standardized approach                                                3,545                     83                     23                    613                        −              4,264
Gross carrying amount                                               33,493                  2,676                    162                    613                        −             36,944
Allowances for credit losses(2)                                         64                    103                     69                     (4)                       −                232
Carrying amount                                                     33,429                  2,573                     93                    617                        −             36,712
Credit card
 Excellent                                                             370                      −                       −                      −                       −                 370
 Good                                                                  316                      −                       −                      −                       −                 316
 Satisfactory                                                          786                     20                       −                      −                       −                 806
 Special mention                                                       421                    241                       −                      −                       −                 662
 Substandard                                                            22                    112                       −                      −                       −                 134
 Default                                                                 −                      −                       −                      −                       −                   −
AIRB approach                                                        1,915                    373                       −                      −                       −               2,288
Standardized approach                                                   34                      −                       −                      −                       −                  34
Gross carrying amount                                                1,949                    373                       −                      −                       −               2,322
Allowances for credit losses(2)                                         26                    102                       −                      −                       −                 128
Carrying amount                                                      1,923                    271                       −                      −                       −               2,194
Business and government(3)
 Excellent                                                           4,783                      −                      −                       −                    112               4,895
 Good                                                               22,951                      4                      −                       −                     53              23,008
 Satisfactory                                                       22,367                  1,346                      −                       −                     72              23,785
 Special mention                                                        87                  1,131                      −                       −                      −               1,218
 Substandard                                                            45                    255                      −                       −                      −                 300
 Default                                                                 −                      −                    306                       −                      −                 306
AIRB approach                                                       50,233                  2,736                    306                       −                    237              53,512
Standardized approach                                                3,779                      −                     72                       −                    129               3,980
Gross carrying amount                                               54,012                  2,736                    378                       −                    366              57,492
Allowances for credit losses(2)                                         58                     99                    140                       −                      −                 297
Carrying amount                                                     53,954                  2,637                    238                       −                    366              57,195
Total loans
Gross carrying amount                                             138,047                   7,234                    684                  1,166                  6,798              153,929
Allowances for credit losses(2)                                       185                     316                    234                    (57)                     −                  678
Carrying amount                                                   137,862                   6,918                    450                  1,223                  6,798              153,251

(1)   Not subject to expected credit losses.
(2)   The allowances for credit losses do not include the amounts related to undrawn commitments reported in the Other liabilities item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(3)   Includes customers’ liability under acceptances.
The following table presents the credit risk exposures of off-balance-sheet commitments as at April 30, 2020 and October 31, 2019 according to credit quality
and ECL impairment stage.

                                                                                                 As at April 30, 2020                                                    As at October 31, 2019
                                                    Stage 1            Stage 2             Stage 3                 Total         Stage 1            Stage 2            Stage 3             Total
                                     (1)
Off-balance-sheet commitments
Retail
 Excellent                                         14,619                  26                   −            14,645             12,088                  2                     −        12,090
 Good                                               3,874                 264                   −             4,138              3,585                 51                     −         3,636
 Satisfactory                                       1,297                 273                   −             1,570              1,328                180                     −         1,508
 Special mention                                      106                  91                   −               197                114                 82                     −           196
 Substandard                                            5                  20                   −                25                  5                 19                     −            24
 Default                                                −                   −                   4                 4                  −                  −                     4             4
Non-retail
 Excellent                                          9,881                   −                   −             9,881             10,050                   −                  −          10,050
 Good                                              15,702                   3                   −            15,705             14,640                   1                  −          14,641
 Satisfactory                                       3,653               3,603                   −             7,256              6,165                 513                  −           6,678
 Special mention                                       21                 234                   −               255                 17                 161                  −             178
 Substandard                                            1                  39                   −                40                167                  29                  −             196
 Default                                                −                   −                   8                 8                  −                   −                 16              16
AIRB approach                                      49,159               4,553                  12            53,724             48,159               1,038                 20          49,217
Standardized approach                               7,525                  24                   5             7,554              6,154                   −                  1           6,155
Total exposure                                     56,684               4,577                  17            61,278             54,313               1,038                 21          55,372
Allowances for credit losses                          115                  46                   1               162                 53                  20                  1              74
Total exposure, net
  of allowances                                    56,569               4,531                  16            61,116             54,260               1,018                 20          55,298

(1)   Represent letters of guarantee and documentary letters of credit, undrawn commitments, and backstop liquidity and credit enhancement facilities.




                                                                                               As at April 30, 2020(2)                                                   As at October 31, 2019
                                                Residential                                            Business and          Residential                                           Business and
                                                 mortgage             Personal         Credit card     government(3)          mortgage             Personal         Credit card    government(3)

Past due but not impaired
 31 to 60 days                                         113                124                  26                   29               92                82                  27               31
 61 to 90 days                                          62                 39                  12                   20               34                34                  13               21
 Over 90 days(4)                                         −                  −                  29                    −                −                 −                  28                −
                                                       175                163                  67                   49              126               116                  68               52

(1)   Loans less than 31 days past due are not presented as they are not considered past due from an administrative standpoint.
(2)   In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Bank has approved certain payment deferrals for all types of loans. These loans are presented in the loan category in which they were positioned
      immediately prior to the application of the payment deferral.
(3)   Includes customers’ liability under acceptances.
(4)   All loans more than 90 days past due, except for credit card receivables, are considered impaired (Stage 3).




                                                                                                               As at April 30, 2020                                      As at October 31, 2019
                                                                                                 Allowances for                                               Allowances for
                                                                                      Gross        credit losses                Net                Gross        credit losses               Net

Loans – Stage 3
 Residential mortgage                                                                 161                    29                132                  144                 25               119
 Personal                                                                             161                    77                 84                  162                 69                93
 Credit card(1)                                                                         −                     −                  −                    −                  −                 −
 Business and government(2)                                                           458                  195                 263                  378                140               238
                                                                                      780                  301                 479                  684                234               450
POCI loans                                                                          1,105                   (69)             1,174                1,166                (57)            1,223
                                                                                    1,885                  232               1,653                1,850                177             1,673

(1)   Credit card receivables are considered impaired, at the latest, when payment is 180 days past due, and they are written off at that time.
(2)   Includes customers’ liability under acceptances.
The following tables present a reconciliation of the allowances for credit losses by Consolidated Balance Sheet item and by type of off-balance-sheet
commitment.

                                                                                                                                                            Quarter ended April 30, 2020
                                                                         Allowances for                                                                                  Allowances for
                                                                     credit losses as at     Provisions for                                             Recoveries      credit losses as
                                                                      January 31, 2020        credit losses       Write-offs(1)       Disposals          and other     at April 30, 2020

Balance sheet
Cash and deposits with financial institutions(2)(3)                                  2                   9                  −                 −                  −                      11
Securities(3)
 At fair value through other comprehensive income(4)                                 −                   3                  −                 −                  −                       3
 At amortized cost(2)                                                                1                   1                  −                 −                  −                       2
Securities purchased under reverse repurchase
 agreements and securities borrowed(2)(3)                                            −                   −                  −                 −                  −                       −
Loans(5)
 Residential mortgage                                                               26                 20                  (1)                −                  1                     46
 Personal                                                                          229                 88                 (33)                −                  8                    292
 Credit card                                                                       130                 51                 (27)                −                  4                    158
 Business and government                                                           275                202                 (13)                −                 (1)                   463
 Customers' liability under acceptances                                             33                 41                   −                 −                  −                     74
                                                                                   693                402                 (74)                −                 12                  1,033
Other assets(2)(3)                                                                   −                  −                   −                 −                  −                      −
Off-balance-sheet commitments(6)
Letters of guarantee and documentary letters of credit                               6                 12                   −                 −                  −                     18
Undrawn commitments                                                                 65                 76                   −                 −                  −                    141
Backstop liquidity and credit enhancement facilities                                 2                  1                   −                 −                  −                      3
                                                                                    73                 89                   −                 −                  −                    162
                                                                                   769                504                 (74)                −                 12                  1,211

                                                                                                                                                            Quarter ended April 30, 2019
                                                                         Allowances for                                                                                  Allowances for
                                                                     credit losses as at     Provisions for                                             Recoveries      credit losses as
                                                                      January 31, 2019        credit losses       Write-offs(1)       Disposals          and other     at April 30, 2019

Balance sheet
Cash and deposits with financial institutions(2)(3)                                  1                   −                  −                 −                  −                       1
Securities(3)
 At fair value through other comprehensive income(4)                                 −                   −                  −                 −                  −                       −
 At amortized cost(2)                                                                1                   −                  −                 −                  −                       1
Securities purchased under reverse repurchase
 agreements and securities borrowed(2)(3)                                            −                   −                  −                 −                  −                       −
Loans(5)
 Residential mortgage                                                                7                   3                 (2)                −                  −                      8
 Personal                                                                          251                  28                (48)                −                  7                    238
 Credit card                                                                       127                  25                (25)                −                  3                    130
 Business and government                                                           246                  26                 (5)                −                  5                    272
 Customers' liability under acceptances                                             33                   2                  −                 −                  −                     35
                                                                                   664                  84                (80)                −                 15                    683
Other assets(2)(3)                                                                   −                   −                  −                 −                  −                      −
Off-balance-sheet commitments(6)
Letters of guarantee and documentary letters of credit                               4                  (1)                 −                 −                  −                      3
Undrawn commitments                                                                 56                   1                  −                 −                  −                     57
Backstop liquidity and credit enhancement facilities                                 2                   −                  −                 −                  −                      2
                                                                                    62                   −                  −                 −                  −                     62
                                                                                   728                  84                (80)                −                 15                    747

(1)   The contractual amount outstanding on financial assets that were written off during the quarter ended April 30, 2020 and that are still subject to enforcement activity was $45 million
      ($43 million for the quarter ended April 30, 2019).
(2)   These financial assets are presented net of the allowances for credit losses on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(3)   As at April 30, 2020 and 2019, these financial assets were mainly classified in Stage 1 and their credit quality fell within the Excellent category.
(4)   The allowances for credit losses are reported in the Accumulated other comprehensive income item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(5)   The allowances for credit losses are reported in the Allowances for credit losses item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(6)   The allowances for credit losses are reported in the Other liabilities item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
                                                                                                                                                      Six months ended April 30, 2020
                                                                       Allowances for                                                                                 Allowances for
                                                                    credit losses as at     Provisions for                                            Recoveries     credit losses as
                                                                    October 31, 2019         credit losses      Write-offs(1)       Disposals          and other    at April 30, 2020

Balance sheet
Cash and deposits with financial institutions(2)(3)                                 2                   9                 −                −                   −                     11
Securities(3)
 At fair value through other comprehensive income(4)                                −                   3                 −                −                   −                      3
 At amortized cost(2)                                                               1                   1                 −                −                   −                      2
Securities purchased under reverse repurchase
 agreements and securities borrowed(2)(3)                                           −                  −                  −                −                   −                      −
Loans(5)
 Residential mortgage                                                             21                  27                (3)                −                  1                     46
 Personal                                                                        232                 114               (68)                −                 14                    292
 Credit card                                                                     128                  77               (54)                −                  7                    158
 Business and government                                                         268                 229               (34)                −                  −                    463
 Customers' liability under acceptances                                           29                  45                 −                 −                  −                     74
                                                                                 678                 492              (159)                −                 22                  1,033
Other assets(2)(3)                                                                 −                   −                 −                 −                  −                      −
Off-balance-sheet commitments(6)
Letters of guarantee and documentary letters of credit                             6                  12                 −                 −                  −                     18
Undrawn commitments                                                               66                  75                 −                 −                  −                    141
Backstop liquidity and credit enhancement facilities                               2                   1                 −                 −                  −                      3
                                                                                  74                  88                 −                 −                  −                    162
                                                                                 755                 593              (159)                −                 22                  1,211


                                                                                                                                                       Six months ended April 30, 2019
                                                                       Allowances for                                                                                    Allowances for
                                                                    credit losses as at     Provisions for                                            Recoveries        credit losses as
                                                                                                                             (1)
                                                                    October 31, 2018         credit losses      Write-offs          Disposals          and other       at April 30, 2019

Balance sheet
Cash and deposits with financial institutions(2)(3)                                 1                  −                  −                −                   −                      1
Securities(3)
 At fair value through other comprehensive income(4)                                −                  −                  −                −                   −                      −
 At amortized cost(2)                                                               1                  −                  −                −                   −                      1
Securities purchased under reverse repurchase
 agreements and securities borrowed(2)(3)                                           −                  −                  −                −                   −                      −
Loans(5)
 Residential mortgage                                                              1                  10                (3)                −                  −                      8
 Personal                                                                        259                  69              (105)                −                 15                    238
 Credit card                                                                     129                  45               (50)                −                  6                    130
 Business and government                                                         249                  25                (7)                −                  5                    272
 Customers' liability under acceptances                                           20                  15                 −                 −                  −                     35
                                                                                 658                 164              (165)                −                 26                    683
Other assets(2)(3)                                                                 −                   −                 −                 −                  −                      −
Off-balance-sheet commitments(6)
Letters of guarantee and documentary letters of credit                             3                   −                 −                 −                  −                      3
Undrawn commitments                                                               49                   8                 −                 −                  −                     57
Backstop liquidity and credit enhancement facilities                               2                   −                 −                 −                  −                      2
                                                                                  54                   8                 −                 −                  −                     62
                                                                                 714                 172              (165)                −                 26                    747

(1)   The contractual amount outstanding on financial assets that were written off during the six-month period ended April 30, 2020 and that are still subject to enforcement activity was
      $88 million ($84 million for the six-month period ended April 30, 2019).
(2)   These financial assets are presented net of the allowances for credit losses on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(3)   As at April 30, 2020 and 2019, these financial assets were mainly classified in Stage 1 and their credit quality fell within the Excellent category.
(4)   The allowances for credit losses are reported in the Accumulated other comprehensive income item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(5)   The allowances for credit losses are reported in the Allowances for credit losses item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(6)   The allowances for credit losses are reported in the Other liabilities item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
The following tables present the reconciliation of allowances for credit losses for each loan category at amortized cost according to ECL impairment stage.

                                                                                          Quarter ended April 30, 2020                                      Quarter ended April 30, 2019
                                                                  Allowances for             Allowances for                        Allowances for            Allowances for
                                                                credit losses on           credit losses on                       credit losses on          credit losses on
                                                             non-impaired loans             impaired loans                     non-impaired loans            impaired loans
                                                            Stage 1      Stage 2       Stage 3       POCI(1)        Total     Stage 1      Stage 2      Stage 3       POCI(1)         Total

Residential mortgage
Balance at beginning                                            41            12           25          (52)          26           32           12            23          (60)           7
 Originations or purchases                                       2             −            −            −            2            5            −             −            −            5
 Transfers(2):
  to Stage 1                                                      3            (2)          (1)          −             −           4           (3)           (1)           −             −
  to Stage 2                                                     (1)            1            −           −             −           −            1            (1)           −             −
  to Stage 3                                                      −            (1)           1           −             −           −           (1)            1            −             −
 Net remeasurement of loss allowances(3)                        11            12             2          (7)          18           (8)           2             3            1            (2)
 Derecognitions(4)                                                −             −            −           −             −           −            −             −            −             −
 Changes to models                                                −             −            −           −             −           −            −             −            −             −
Provisions for credit losses                                    15            10             2          (7)          20            1           (1)            2            1             3
Write-offs                                                        −             −           (1)          −            (1)          −            −            (2)           −            (2)
Disposals                                                         −             −            −           −             −           −            −             −            −             −
Recoveries                                                        −             −            −           −             −           −            −             −            −             −
Foreign exchange movements and other                              1             −            3          (3)            1           1            −             −           (1)            −
Balance at end                                                  57            22           29          (62)          46           34           11            23          (60)            8
Includes:
 Amounts drawn                                                  57            22           29          (62)          46           34           11            23          (60)           8
 Undrawn commitments(5)                                          −             −            −            −            −            −            −             −            −            −

Personal
Balance at beginning                                            60          104            73            (6)       231            69          115            72           (3)        253
 Originations or purchases                                      10            −             −             −         10            10            −             −            −          10
 Transfers(2):
  to Stage 1                                                    12           (11)           (1)           −            −           20         (18)           (2)           −           −
  to Stage 2                                                     (6)            7           (1)           −            −           (5)          6            (1)           −           −
  to Stage 3                                                     (1)         (15)          16             −            −           (2)        (25)           27            −           −
 Net remeasurement of loss allowances(3)                         (1)          68           18             −          85           (26)         29            18            2          23
 Derecognitions(4)                                               (2)           (2)          (1)           −           (5)          (2)         (2)           (1)           −          (5)
 Changes to models                                                1             −            −            −            1            −           −             −            −           −
Provisions for credit losses                                    13            47           31             −          91            (5)        (10)           41            2          28
Write-offs                                                        −             −         (33)            −         (33)            −           −           (48)           −         (48)
Disposals                                                         −             −            −            −            −            −           −             −            −           −
Recoveries                                                        −             −            6            −            6            −           −             6            −           6
Foreign exchange movements and other                              1             2            −           (1)           2            1           −             −            −           1
Balance at end                                                  74          153            77            (7)       297             65         105            71           (1)        240
Includes:
 Amounts drawn                                                  72          150            77            (7)       292            64          104            71           (1)        238
 Undrawn commitments(5)                                          2            3             −             −          5             1            1             −            −           2

(1)   The total amount of undiscounted initially expected credit losses on the POCI loans acquired during the quarter ended April 30, 2020 was $46 million ($16 million for the quarter ended
      April 30, 2019). The expected credit losses reflected in the purchase price were discounted.
(2)   Represent stage transfers deemed to have taken place at the beginning of the quarter in which the transfer occurred.
(3)   Includes the net remeasurement of loss allowances (after transfers) attributable mainly to changes in volumes and in the credit quality of existing loans as well as to changes in risk
      parameters.
(4)   Represent reversals to loss allowances arising from full loan repayments (excluding write-offs and disposals).
(5)   The allowances for credit losses on undrawn commitments are reported in the Other liabilities item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
                                                                                          Quarter ended April 30, 2020                                     Quarter ended April 30, 2019
                                                                  Allowances for             Allowances for                        Allowances for             Allowances for
                                                                credit losses on           credit losses on                       credit losses on          credit losses on
                                                             non-impaired loans             impaired loans                     non-impaired loans            impaired loans
                                                            Stage 1      Stage 2       Stage 3       POCI(1)      Total       Stage 1      Stage 2      Stage 3       POCI(1)      Total

Credit card
Balance at beginning                                            46          115             −            −         161            42          113             −            −         155
 Originations or purchases                                       2            −             −            −           2             2            −             −            −           2
 Transfers(2):
  to Stage 1                                                    21           (21)           −            −             −           23         (23)            −            −           −
  to Stage 2                                                     (5)            5           −            −             −           (4)          4             −            −           −
  to Stage 3                                                      −          (11)          11            −             −            −         (10)           10            −           −
 Net remeasurement of loss allowances(3)                          3           48           12            −           63           (21)         34            12            −          25
 Derecognitions(4)                                                −            (1)          −            −            (1)          (1)         (1)            −            −          (2)
 Changes to models                                                −             −           −            −             −            −           −             −            −           −
Provisions for credit losses                                    21            20           23            −           64            (1)          4            22            −          25
Write-offs                                                        −             −         (27)           −          (27)            −           −           (25)           −         (25)
Disposals                                                         −             −           −            −             −            −           −             −            −           −
Recoveries                                                        −             −           4            −             4            −           −             3            −           3
Foreign exchange movements and other                              −             −           −            −             −            −           −             −            −           −
Balance at end                                                  67          135             −            −         202             41         117             −            −         158
Includes:
 Amounts drawn                                                  37          121             −            −         158            25          105             −            −         130
 Undrawn commitments(5)                                         30           14             −            −          44            16           12             −            −          28

Business and government(6)
Balance at beginning                                            88          109          143             −         340            64          105          135             1         305
 Originations or purchases                                      25            −            −             −          25             7            −            −             −           7
 Transfers(2):
  to Stage 1                                                      2            (1)          (1)          −            −            5           (3)          (2)            −           −
  to Stage 2                                                    (15)          16            (1)          −            −           (1)           4           (3)            −           −
  to Stage 3                                                      −          (12)          12            −            −            −           (1)           1             −           −
 Net remeasurement of loss allowances(3)                       125          104            54            −         283            (2)           4           24             −          26
 Derecognitions(4)                                               (3)           (2)           −           −           (5)          (2)          (1)          (1)            −          (4)
 Changes to models                                                −             −            −           −            −            −            −            −             −           −
Provisions for credit losses                                   134          105            64            −         303             7            3           19             −          29
Write-offs                                                        −             −         (13)           −          (13)           −            −           (5)            −          (5)
Disposals                                                         −             −            −           −            −            −            −            −             −           −
Recoveries                                                        −             −            −           −            −            −            −            5             −           5
Foreign exchange movements and other                             (2)           (1)           2           −           (1)           −            −            −             −           −
Balance at end                                                 220          213          196             −         629            71          108          154             1         334
Includes:
 Amounts drawn                                                 153          189          195             −         537            50          102          154             1         307
 Undrawn commitments(5)                                         67           24            1             −          92            21            6            −             −          27

Total allowances for credit losses at end(7)                   418          523          302           (69)      1,174           211          341          248           (60)        740
Includes:
 Amounts drawn                                                 319          482          301           (69)      1,033           173          322          248           (60)        683
 Undrawn commitments(5)                                         99           41            1             −         141            38           19            −             −          57

(1)   The total amount of undiscounted initially expected credit losses on the POCI loans acquired during the quarter ended April 30, 2020 was $46 million ($16 million for the quarter ended
      April 30, 2019). The expected credit losses reflected in the purchase price were discounted.
(2)   Represent stage transfers deemed to have taken place at the beginning of the quarter in which the transfer occurred.
(3)   Includes the net remeasurement of loss allowances (after transfers) attributable mainly to changes in volumes and in the credit quality of existing loans as well as to changes in risk
      parameters.
(4)   Represent reversals to loss allowances arising from full loan repayments (excluding write-offs and disposals).
(5)   The allowances for credit losses on undrawn commitments are reported in the Other liabilities item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(6)   Includes customers’ liability under acceptances.
(7)   Excludes allowances for credit losses on other financial assets at amortized cost and on off-balance-sheet commitments other than undrawn commitments.
                                                                                       Six months ended April 30, 2020                                  Six months ended April 30, 2019
                                                                  Allowances for             Allowances for                        Allowances for            Allowances for
                                                                credit losses on           credit losses on                       credit losses on          credit losses on
                                                             non-impaired loans             impaired loans                     non-impaired loans            impaired loans
                                                            Stage 1      Stage 2       Stage 3       POCI(1)      Total       Stage 1      Stage 2      Stage 3       POCI(1)      Total

Residential mortgage
Balance at beginning                                            37            12           25          (53)          21           31           13            21          (64)           1
 Originations or purchases                                       4             −            −            −            4           11            −             −            −           11
 Transfers(2):
  to Stage 1                                                      7            (5)          (2)          −             −            8          (6)           (2)           −            −
  to Stage 2                                                     (2)            2            −           −             −            −           1            (1)           −            −
  to Stage 3                                                      −            (2)           2           −             −            −          (2)            2            −            −
 Net remeasurement of loss allowances(3)                          9           16             5          (6)          24           (17)          5             6            5           (1)
 Derecognitions(4)                                                −            (1)           −           −            (1)           −           −             −            −            −
 Changes to models                                                −             −            −           −             −            −           −             −            −            −
Provisions for credit losses                                    18            10             5          (6)          27             2          (2)            5            5           10
Write-offs                                                        −             −           (3)          −            (3)           −           −            (3)           −           (3)
Disposals                                                         −             −            −           −             −            −           −             −            −            −
Recoveries                                                        −             −            −           −             −            −           −             −            −            −
Foreign exchange movements and other                              2             −            2          (3)            1            1           −             −           (1)           −
Balance at end                                                  57            22           29          (62)          46            34          11            23          (60)           8
Includes:
 Amounts drawn                                                  57            22           29          (62)          46           34           11            23          (60)           8
 Undrawn commitments(5)                                          −             −            −            −            −            −            −             −            −            −

Personal
Balance at beginning                                            65          104            69            (4)       234            72          121            71           (3)        261
 Originations or purchases                                      21            −             −             −         21            19            −             −            −          19
 Transfers(2):
  to Stage 1                                                     35          (32)           (3)           −           −            40         (36)          (4)            −            −
  to Stage 2                                                    (11)          13            (2)           −           −           (11)         13           (2)            −            −
  to Stage 3                                                      (3)        (32)          35             −           −            (4)        (52)          56             −            −
 Net remeasurement of loss allowances(3)                        (31)        103            36            (2)       106            (47)         64           43             2           62
 Derecognitions(4)                                                (4)          (5)          (2)           −         (11)           (5)         (5)          (2)            −          (12)
 Changes to models                                                 1            −            −            −           1             −           −            −             −            −
Provisions for credit losses                                       8          47           64            (2)       117             (8)        (16)          91             2           69
Write-offs                                                         −            −         (68)            −         (68)            −           −         (105)            −         (105)
Disposals                                                          −            −            −            −           −             −           −            −             −            −
Recoveries                                                         −            −          13             −          13             −           −           14             −           14
Foreign exchange movements and other                               1            2           (1)          (1)          1             1           −            −             −            1
Balance at end                                                   74         153            77            (7)       297             65         105           71            (1)         240
Includes:
 Amounts drawn                                                  72          150            77            (7)       292            64          104            71           (1)        238
 Undrawn commitments(5)                                          2            3             −             −          5             1            1             −            −           2

(1)   The total amount of undiscounted initially expected credit losses on the POCI loans acquired during the six months ended April 30, 2020 was $46 million ($29 million for the six months
      ended April 30, 2019). The expected credit losses reflected in the purchase price were discounted.
(2)   Represent stage transfers deemed to have taken place at the beginning of the quarter in which the transfer occurred.
(3)   Includes the net remeasurement of loss allowances (after transfers) attributable mainly to changes in volumes and in the credit quality of existing loans as well as to changes in risk
      parameters.
(4)   Represent reversals to loss allowances arising from full loan repayments (excluding write-offs and disposals).
(5)   The allowances for credit losses on undrawn commitments are reported in the Other liabilities item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
                                                                                       Six months ended April 30, 2020                                  Six months ended April 30, 2019
                                                                  Allowances for            Allowances for                         Allowances for            Allowances for
                                                                credit losses on           credit losses on                       credit losses on          credit losses on
                                                             non-impaired loans             impaired loans                     non-impaired loans            impaired loans
                                                            Stage 1      Stage 2       Stage 3       POCI(1)      Total       Stage 1      Stage 2      Stage 3       POCI(1)      Total

Credit card
Balance at beginning                                            47          113             −            −         160            40          115             −            −         155
 Originations or purchases                                       4            −             −            −           4             4            −             −            −           4
 Transfers(2):
  to Stage 1                                                     46          (46)           −            −             −           43         (43)            −            −           −
  to Stage 2                                                      (9)           9           −            −             −           (8)          8             −            −           −
  to Stage 3                                                       −         (21)          21            −             −           (2)        (18)           20            −           −
 Net remeasurement of loss allowances(3)                        (20)          81           26            −           87           (34)         56            24            −          46
 Derecognitions(4)                                                (1)          (1)          −            −            (2)          (2)         (1)            −            −          (3)
 Changes to models                                                 −            −           −            −             −            −           −             −            −           −
Provisions for credit losses                                     20           22           47            −           89             1           2            44            −          47
Write-offs                                                         −            −         (54)           −          (54)            −           −           (50)           −         (50)
Disposals                                                          −            −           −            −             −            −           −             −            −           −
Recoveries                                                         −            −           7            −             7            −           −             6            −           6
Foreign exchange movements and other                               −            −           −            −             −            −           −             −            −           −
Balance at end                                                   67         135             −            −         202             41         117             −            −         158
Includes:
 Amounts drawn                                                  37          121             −            −         158            25          105             −            −         130
 Undrawn commitments(5)                                         30           14             −            −          44            16           12             −            −          28

Business and government(6)
Balance at beginning                                            83          105          141             −         329            65           89          135             1         290
 Originations or purchases                                      32            −            −             −          32            16            −            −             −          16
 Transfers(2):
  to Stage 1                                                      6            (3)          (3)          −            −             9          (5)          (4)            −           −
  to Stage 2                                                    (16)          19            (3)          −            −            (4)         10           (6)            −           −
  to Stage 3                                                      −          (21)          21            −            −             −          (2)           2             −           −
 Net remeasurement of loss allowances(3)                       123          118            74            −         315            (10)         18           34             −          42
 Derecognitions(4)                                               (6)           (4)          (3)          −          (13)           (5)         (2)          (5)            −         (12)
 Changes to models                                                −             −            −           −            −             −           −            −             −           −
Provisions for credit losses                                   139          109            86            −         334              6          19           21             −          46
Write-offs                                                        −             −         (34)           −          (34)            −           −           (7)            −          (7)
Disposals                                                         −             −            −           −            −             −           −            −             −           −
Recoveries                                                        −             −            1           −            1             −           −            6             −           6
Foreign exchange movements and other                             (2)           (1)           2           −           (1)            −           −           (1)            −          (1)
Balance at end                                                 220          213          196             −         629             71         108          154             1         334
Includes:
 Amounts drawn                                                 153          189          195             −         537            50          102          154             1         307
 Undrawn commitments(5)                                         67           24            1             −          92            21            6            −             −          27

Total allowances for credit losses at end(7)                   418          523          302           (69)      1,174           211          341          248           (60)        740
Includes:
 Amounts drawn                                                 319          482          301           (69)      1,033           173          322          248           (60)        683
 Undrawn commitments(5)                                         99           41            1             −         141            38           19            −             −          57

(1)   The total amount of undiscounted initially expected credit losses on the POCI loans acquired during the six months ended April 30, 2020 was $46 million ($29 million for the six months
      ended April 30, 2019). The expected credit losses reflected in the purchase price were discounted.
(2)   Represent stage transfers deemed to have taken place at the beginning of the quarter in which the transfer occurred.
(3)   Includes the net remeasurement of loss allowances (after transfers) attributable mainly to changes in volumes and in the credit quality of existing loans as well as to changes in risk
      parameters.
(4)   Represent reversals to loss allowances arising from full loan repayments (excluding write-offs and disposals).
(5)   The allowances for credit losses on undrawn commitments are reported in the Other liabilities item of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(6)   Includes customers’ liability under acceptances.
(7)   Excludes allowances for credit losses on other financial assets at amortized cost and on off-balance-sheet commitments other than undrawn commitments.
The following tables show the main macroeconomic factors used to estimate the allowances for credit losses on loans. For each scenario, namely, the base
scenario, upside scenario and downside scenario, the average values of the factors over the next 12 months (used for Stage 1 credit loss calculations) and over
the remaining forecast period (used for Stage 2 credit loss calculations) are presented.

                                                                                                                                                          As at April 30, 2020
                                                                             Base scenario                            Upside scenario                      Downside scenario
                                                          Next                   Remaining                Next              Remaining         Next                  Remaining
                                                     12 months              forecast period          12 months         forecast period   12 months             forecast period

Macroeconomic factors(1)
 GDP growth(2)                                              1.4 %                   2.2 %                    6.3 %            2.5 %          (1.7) %                 2.0 %
 Unemployment rate                                          8.5 %                   7.0 %                    7.5 %            5.9 %           9.3 %                  8.0 %
 Housing price index growth(2)                             (9.2) %                  3.0 %                   (4.4) %           3.8 %         (10.9) %                 1.0 %
 BBB spread(3)                                              2.9 %                   2.1 %                    2.4 %            1.7 %           3.3 %                  2.4 %
 S&P/TSX growth(2)(4)                                      (5.6) %                  4.1 %                    2.1 %            3.1 %         (14.2) %                 4.4 %
 WTI oil price(5) (US$ per barrel)                           27                      53                       34               64              19                     33

                                                                                                                                                       As at October 31, 2019
                                                                             Base scenario                            Upside scenario                     Downside scenario
                                                          Next                   Remaining                Next              Remaining         Next                Remaining
                                                     12 months              forecast period          12 months         forecast period   12 months           forecast period

Macroeconomic factors(1)
 GDP growth(2)                                              1.5 %                   1.6 %                   2.0 %             2.1 %          (2.0) %                  1.6 %
 Unemployment rate                                          5.8 %                   5.7 %                   5.6 %             5.3 %           6.8 %                   7.5 %
 Housing price index growth(2)                              3.1 %                   3.1 %                   6.1 %             2.3 %         (10.9) %                 (0.3) %
 BBB spread(3)                                              1.6 %                   1.6 %                   1.5 %             1.4 %           2.7 %                   2.6 %
 S&P/TSX growth(2)(4)                                       4.9 %                   2.4 %                   8.5 %             2.9 %         (14.1) %                  6.6 %
 WTI oil price(5) (US$ per barrel)                           61                      60                      71                69              39                      39
(1)   All macroeconomic factors are based on the Canadian economy unless otherwise indicated.
(2)   Growth rate is annualized.
(3)   Yield on corporate BBB bonds less yield on Canadian federal government bonds with 10-year maturity.
(4)   Main stock index in Canada.
(5)   The West Texas Intermediate (WTI) index is commonly used as a benchmark for the price of oil.


The main macroeconomic factors used for the personal credit portfolio are unemployment rate and growth in the housing price index, based on the economy of
Canada or Quebec. The main macroeconomic factors used for the business and government credit portfolio are unemployment rate, spread on corporate BBB
bonds, S&P/TSX growth, and WTI oil price.

An increase in unemployment rate or spread on corporate BBB bonds will generally correlate with higher allowances for credit losses, whereas an increase in
the other macroeconomic factors (GDP, S&P/TSX, housing price index, and WTI oil price) will generally correlate with lower allowances for credit losses.

During the quarter ended April 30, 2020, the main macroeconomic factors deteriorated considerably given the shutdown of non-essential services. In the year
ahead, the economic variables are expected to fluctuate significantly from one quarter to the next. In some instances, the next-12-month data obscures these
significant fluctuations. For example, the 1.4% anticipated GDP growth rate in the base scenario for the next 12 months includes a 32% annualized contraction
in the first quarter and a 42% rebound in the second quarter. With respect to the unemployment rate, the anticipated 8.5% for the next 12 months includes an
11.8% unemployment rate in the first quarter and a 7.8% rate in the second quarter.

According to the base scenario, the Canadian economy will rebound in the second half of the year as lockdown measures are lifted, but the unemployment rate
will remain high at the end of 2020, i.e., above pre-recession levels. Oil will rebound slightly at year’s end and rise by the end of 2021. Given a difficult labour
market and reduced immigration, housing prices and the S&P/TSX will decline.
According to the upside scenario, the economy will rebound more strongly thanks to medical breakthroughs that help fight COVID-19. Fiscal and monetary
stimulus measures will limit the damage in terms of destroyed capacity. The unemployment rate at the end of 2020 will be only slightly above pre-recession
levels. At year’s end, declines in housing prices and the S&P/TSX will be less pronounced and the price of oil will bounce back.

According to the downside scenario, the uncertainties surrounding COVID-19 will provoke a deeper recession. Global trade will remain depressed for longer,
and disappointing corporate earnings will inflict a new round of stress on the financial markets. The result will be greater destruction of capacity than in the
base scenario. Consequently, the unemployment rate will remain at higher levels.

Given uncertainty surrounding the key inputs used to measure credit losses, the Bank has applied expert credit judgment to adjust the modelled ECL results.




Scenarios
The following table shows a comparison of the Bank's allowances for credit losses on non-impaired loans (Stages 1 and 2) as at April 30, 2020 based on the
probability weightings of three scenarios with allowances for credit losses resulting from simulations of each scenario weighted at 100%.

                                                                                                                                     Allowances for credit losses
                                                                                                                                          on non-impaired loans

Balance as at April 30, 2020                                                                                                                               941
Simulations
 100% upside scenario                                                                                                                                      759
 100% base scenario                                                                                                                                        902
 100% downside scenario                                                                                                                                  1,242
In the normal course of its business, the Bank enters into transactions in which it transfers financial assets such as securities or loans directly to third parties,
in particular structured entities. According to the terms of some of those transactions, the Bank retains substantially all of the risks and rewards related to
those financial assets. The risks include credit risk, interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, prepayment risk and other price risks, whereas the rewards
include income streams associated with the financial assets. As such, those financial assets are not derecognized and the transactions are treated as
collateralized or secured borrowings. For additional information on the nature of those transactions, see Note 8 to the audited annual consolidated financial
statements for the year ended October 31, 2019.

The following table provides additional information about the nature of the transferred financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition and the associated
liabilities.

                                                                                                                                               As at April 30, 2020     As at October 31, 2019

Carrying value of financial assets transferred but not derecognized
 Securities(1)                                                                                                                                             59,158                      47,297
 Residential mortgages                                                                                                                                     19,719                      20,142
                                                                                                                                                           78,877                      67,439

Carrying value of associated liabilities(2)                                                                                                                45,102                      36,625

Fair value of financial assets transferred but not derecognized
 Securities(1)                                                                                                                                             59,158                      47,297
 Residential mortgages                                                                                                                                     20,182                      20,308
                                                                                                                                                           79,340                      67,605

Fair value of associated liabilities(2)                                                                                                                    45,421                      36,714

(1)   The amount related to the securities loaned is the maximum amount of Bank securities that can be lent. For obligations related to securities sold under repurchase agreements, the amount
      includes the Bank’s own financial assets as well as those of third parties and excludes bearer deposit notes issued by the Bank and covered bonds issued by the Bank.
(2)   Associated liabilities include liabilities related to transferred receivables and obligations related to securities sold under repurchase agreements before the offsetting impact of
      $2,011 million as at April 30, 2020 ($3,166 million as at October 31, 2019) excluding repurchase agreements guaranteed by bearer deposit notes issued by the Bank and covered bonds
      issued by the Bank. Liabilities related to securities loaned are not included, as the Bank can lend its own financial assets and those of third parties. The carrying value and fair value of
      liabilities related to securities loaned were $4,442 million as at April 30, 2020 ($9,753 million as at October 31, 2019).


The following table specifies the nature of the transactions related to financial assets transferred but not derecognized.

                                                                                                                                               As at April 30, 2020     As at October 31, 2019

Carrying value of financial assets transferred but not derecognized
 Securities backed by insured residential mortgage loans and other securities sold
  to Canada Housing Trust                                                                                                                                  20,425                      21,035
 Securities sold under repurchase agreements                                                                                                               25,325                      16,294
 Securities loaned                                                                                                                                         33,127                      30,110
                                                                                                                                                           78,877                      67,439
                                                                                                                                            As at April 30, 2020     As at October 31, 2019

Receivables, prepaid expenses and other items                                                                                                             1,002                         696
Interest and dividends receivable                                                                                                                           599                         623
Due from clients, dealers and brokers                                                                                                                     1,158                         570
Defined benefit asset                                                                                                                                       179                          38
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                         502                         562
Current tax assets                                                                                                                                          394                         216
Reinsurance assets                                                                                                                                           29                          33
                                                                                                                                                          3,863                       2,738




                                                                                                                                            As at April 30, 2020     As at October 31, 2019
                                                                       On demand(1)              After notice(2)           Fixed term(3)                    Total                       Total

Personal                                                                     5,264                    30,911                   27,694                   63,869                      60,065
Business and government                                                     44,304                    21,928                   65,559                  131,791                     125,266
Deposit-taking institutions                                                  2,730                     1,245                    1,810                    5,785                       4,235
                                                                            52,298                    54,084                   95,063                  201,445                     189,566

(1)   Demand deposits are deposits for which the Bank does not have the right to require notice of withdrawal and consist essentially of deposits in chequing accounts.
(2)   Notice deposits are deposits for which the Bank may legally require notice of withdrawal and consist mainly of deposits in savings accounts.
(3)   Fixed-term deposits are deposits that can be withdrawn by the holder on a specified date and include term deposits, guaranteed investment certificates, savings accounts and plans,
      covered bonds and similar instruments.


The Deposits – Business and government item includes, among other items, covered bonds, the balance of which was $10.1 billion as at April 30, 2020
($9.5 billion as at October 31, 2019). During the six months ended April 30, 2020, the Bank issued covered bonds for an amount of US$200 million (an amount
of 1.0 billion euros of covered bonds issued under the legislative covered bond program came to maturity, and the Bank issued covered bonds in amounts of
US$270 million and 750 million euros during the six-month period ended April 30, 2019). For additional information on covered bonds, see Note 27 to the
audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2019.

Also as at April 30, 2020, the Deposits – Business and government item also includes deposits of $6.6 billion ($3.5 billion as at October 31, 2019) that are
subject to the bank bail-in conversion regulations issued by the Government of Canada. These regulations provide certain powers to the Canada Deposit
Insurance Corporation (CDIC), notably the power to convert certain eligible Bank shares and liabilities into common shares should the Bank become non-
viable.




                                                                                                                                           As at April 30, 2020     As at October 31, 2019

Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                                                                                                   1,687                       1,883
Subsidiaries’ debts to third parties                                                                                                                      485                       1,225
Interest and dividends payable                                                                                                                            663                       1,061
Lease liabilities(1)                                                                                                                                      655                           −
Due to clients, dealers and brokers                                                                                                                     1,040                         548
Defined benefit liability                                                                                                                                 182                         374
Allowances for credit losses — off-balance-sheet commitments (Note 7)                                                                                     162                          74
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                    1                           5
Current tax liabilities                                                                                                                                    17                         144
Insurance liabilities                                                                                                                                      10                          24
Other items(2)(3)(4)                                                                                                                                      763                         839
                                                                                                                                                        5,665                       6,177

(1)   As at November 1, 2019, upon IFRS 16 adoption, the Bank recognized lease liabilities totalling $668 million.
(2)   As at April 30, 2020, other items included a $2 million restructuring provision ($6 million as at October 31, 2019).
(3)   As at April 30, 2020, other items included a $5 million litigation provision ($19 million as at October 31, 2019).
(4)   As at November 1, 2019, upon IFRS 16 adoption, provisions for onerous contracts totalling $20 million were applied against the right-of-use assets reported in the Premises and equipment
      item.
Repurchase of Common Shares
During the six-month period ended April 30, 2020, the Bank repurchased 525,000 common shares for $30 million, which reduced Common share capital by
$5 million and Retained earnings by $25 million. During the six-month period ended April 30, 2019, the Bank had repurchased 2,047,200 common shares for
$122 million, which had reduced Common share capital by $17 million and Retained earnings by $105 million. These repurchases were carried out before
March 13, 2020, which was the date on which OSFI lowered the domestic stability buffer and indicated that it was expecting all banks to cease any dividend
increases or share buybacks.




                                                                                                                As at April 30, 2020                        As at October 31, 2019
                                                                                                     Number                 Shares                   Number                 Shares
                                                                                                    of shares                    $                  of shares                    $

First Preferred Shares
   Series 30                                                                                    14,000,000                    350               14,000,000                   350
   Series 32                                                                                    12,000,000                    300               12,000,000                   300
   Series 34                                                                                    16,000,000                    400               16,000,000                   400
   Series 36                                                                                    16,000,000                    400               16,000,000                   400
   Series 38                                                                                    16,000,000                    400               16,000,000                   400
   Series 40                                                                                    12,000,000                    300               12,000,000                   300
   Series 42                                                                                    12,000,000                    300               12,000,000                   300
                                                                                                98,000,000                  2,450               98,000,000                 2,450

Common shares at beginning of the fiscal year                                                  334,172,411                  2,949             335,070,642                  2,822
Issued pursuant to the Stock Option Plan                                                         1,747,705                     84               2,950,922                    122
Repurchases of common shares for cancellation                                                     (525,000)                    (5)             (4,547,200)                   (40)
Impact of shares purchased or sold for trading(1)                                                    4,775                      −                 699,564                     45
Other                                                                                                    −                      −                  (1,517)                     −
Common shares at end of the period                                                             335,399,891                  3,028             334,172,411                  2,949

(1)   As at April 30, 2020, a total of 929 shares were sold short for trading, representing a negligible amount (3,846 shares held for trading representing a negligible amount as at
      October 31, 2019).




                                                                                                                                                        Six months ended April 30
                                                                                                                              2020                                           2019
                                                                                                    Dividends             Dividends                Dividends             Dividends
                                                                                                            $             per share                        $             per share

First Preferred Shares
   Series 30                                                                                               7               0.5031                          7              0.5125
   Series 32                                                                                               6               0.4837                          6              0.4875
   Series 34                                                                                              11               0.7000                         11              0.7000
   Series 36                                                                                              11               0.6750                         11              0.6750
   Series 38                                                                                               9               0.5563                          9              0.5563
   Series 40                                                                                               7               0.5750                          7              0.5750
   Series 42                                                                                               7               0.6188                          7              0.6188
                                                                                                          58                                              58

Common shares                                                                                            476               1.4200                       436               1.3000
                                                                                                         534                                            494

Common Shares Held in Escrow
As part of the acquisition of Wellington West Holdings Inc. in 2011, the Bank had issued common shares held in escrow. As at April 30, 2020, the number of
common shares held in escrow was 21,510 (21,510 as at October 31, 2019). The Bank expects that the remaining shares in escrow will be settled by the end of
calendar year 2020.
During the second quarter of 2020, OSFI adjusted regulatory ratio requirements in response to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. For additional
information, see the section entitled “COVID-19 Pandemic – Key Measures Introduced by the Regulatory Authorities” on pages 7 to 9 of this MD&A. The Bank
and all other major Canadian banks have to maintain minimum capital ratios established by OSFI: a CET1 capital ratio of at least 9.0%, a Tier 1 capital ratio of
at least 10.5%, and a Total capital ratio of at least 12.5%. All of these ratios are to include a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%, a 1.0% surcharge applicable
solely to Domestic Systemically Important Banks (D-SIBs), and a 1.0% domestic stability buffer. The domestic stability buffer, which can vary from 0% to 2.5%
of risk-weighted assets, consists exclusively of CET1 capital. A D-SIB that fails to meet this buffer requirement will not be subject to automatic constraints to
reduce capital distributions but will have to provide a remediation plan to OSFI. On March 13, 2020, OSFI lowered the buffer to 1.0%, effective immediately.
The banks also have to meet the capital floor that sets the regulatory capital level according to the Basel II standardized approach. If the capital requirement
under Basel III is less than 70% of the capital requirements as calculated under Basel II, the difference is added to risk-weighted assets. OSFI requires
Canadian banks to meet a Basel III leverage ratio of at least 3.0%.

During the quarter and the six-month period ended April 30, 2020, the Bank was in compliance with all of OSFI’s regulatory capital requirements.




                                                                                                        As at April 30, 2020             As at April 30, 2020          As at October 31, 2019
                                                                                                                  Adjusted(1)
Capital
 CET1                                                                                                               10,365                           10,568                            9,692
 Tier 1                                                                                                             13,165                           13,368                           12,492
 Total                                                                                                              14,370                           14,370                           13,366
Risk-weighted assets                                                                                                92,755                           92,755                           83,039
Total exposure                                                                                                     306,386                          306,386                          308,902
Capital ratios
 CET1                                                                                                                  11.2     %                       11.4    %                        11.7 %
 Tier 1                                                                                                                14.2     %                       14.4    %                        15.0 %
 Total                                                                                                                 15.5     %                       15.5    %                        16.1 %
Leverage ratio                                                                                                           4.3    %                         4.4   %                          4.0 %

(1)    The Basel III regulatory capital and ratios adjusted as at April 30, 2020 do not include the transitional measure applicable to expected credit loss provisioning. For additional information,
       see the section entitled COVID-19 Pandemic – Key Measures Introduced by the Regulatory Authorities on pages 7 to 9 of this MD&A.




Stock Option Plan
During the quarters ended April 30, 2020 and 2019, the Bank did not award any stock options. During the six months ended April 30, 2020, the Bank awarded
1,789,280 stock options (2,116,892 stock options during the six months ended April 30, 2019) with an average fair value of $5.11 per option ($6.14 in 2019).

As at April 30, 2020, there were 12,055,992 stock options outstanding (12,103,626 stock options as at October 31, 2019).

The average fair value of the options awarded was estimated on the award date using the Black-Scholes model as well as the following assumptions.

                                                                                                                                                                     Six months ended April 30
                                                                                                                                                           2020                             2019

Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                                                  1.94%                            2.50%
Expected life of options                                                                                                                                7 years                           7 years
Expected volatility                                                                                                                                     14.97%                           18.40%
Expected dividend yield                                                                                                                                  4.29%                            4.37%

During the quarter ended April 30, 2020, a $3 million compensation expense was recorded for this plan ($3 million for the quarter ended April 30, 2019).
During the six months ended April 30, 2020, a $5 million compensation expense was recorded for this plan ($6 million for the six months ended
April 30, 2019).
The Bank offers defined benefit pension plans and other post-employment benefit plans to eligible employees. The cost associated with these plans, including
the remeasurements recognized in Other comprehensive income, is presented in the following table.



                                                                                                                                                                          Quarter ended April 30
                                                                                                                                   Pension plans        Other post-employment benefit plans
                                                                                                                     2020                  2019                   2020                2019

Current service cost                                                                                                   31                     23                         1                   1
Interest expense (income), net                                                                                          2                      −                         1                   1
Administrative expenses                                                                                                 1                      1
Expense recognized in Net income                                                                                       34                     24                         2                   2
Remeasurements(1)
 Actuarial (gains) losses on defined benefit obligation                                                              (332)                   211                         (9)                 8
 Return on plan assets(2)                                                                                             (92)                  (237)
Remeasurements recognized in Other comprehensive income                                                              (424)                   (26)                        (9)                 8
                                                                                                                     (390)                    (2)                        (7)                10

                                                                                                                                                                   Six months ended April 30
                                                                                                                                   Pension plans        Other post-employment benefit plans
                                                                                                                     2020                  2019                   2020                2019

Current service cost                                                                                                   63                     46                         1                   2
Interest expense (income), net                                                                                          4                      1                         2                   3
Administrative expenses                                                                                                 2                      2
Expense recognized in Net income                                                                                       69                     49                         3                   5
Remeasurements(1)
 Actuarial (gains) losses on defined benefit obligation                                                               (42)                   435                         (1)                17
 Return on plan assets(2)                                                                                            (305)                  (399)
Remeasurements recognized in Other comprehensive income                                                              (347)                    36                         (1)                17
                                                                                                                     (278)                    85                          2                 22

(1)   Changes related to the discount rate and to the return on plan assets are reviewed and updated on a quarterly basis. All other assumptions are updated annually.
(2)   Excludes interest income.
In April 2020, the Bank was reassessed by the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) for additional income tax and interest of approximately $240 million (including
estimated provincial tax and interest) in respect of certain Canadian dividends received by the Bank during 2015.

In prior fiscal years, the Bank was reassessed for additional income tax and interest of approximately $370 million (including provincial tax and interest) in
respect of certain Canadian dividends received by the Bank during the 2014, 2013 and 2012 taxation years.

The transactions to which the above-mentioned reassessments relate are similar to those prospectively addressed by income tax legislation enacted as a
result of the 2015 and 2018 Canadian federal budgets.

The CRA may issue reassessments to the Bank for taxation years subsequent to 2015 in regard to activities similar to those that were the subject of the above-
mentioned reassessments. The Bank remains confident that its tax position was appropriate and intends to vigorously defend its position. As a result, no
amount has been recognized in the consolidated financial statements as at April 30, 2020.




Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing net income attributable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding after taking into account the dilution effect of stock options using the treasury stock method and any gain (loss) on the redemption of preferred
shares.

                                                                                                                       Quarter ended April 30                    Six months ended April 30
                                                                                                                   2020                   2019                   2020                  2019

Basic earnings per share
Net income attributable to the Bank’s shareholders                                                                368                    539                   962                  1,075
Dividends on preferred shares                                                                                      29                     29                    58                     58
Net income attributable to common shareholders                                                                    339                    510                   904                  1,017
Weighted average basic number of common shares outstanding (thousands)                                        335,603                335,478               335,309                335,599
Basic earnings per share (dollars)                                                                               1.01                   1.52                  2.70                   3.03

Diluted earnings per share
Net income attributable to common shareholders                                                                    339                    510                   904                  1,017
Weighted average basic number of common shares outstanding (thousands)                                        335,603                335,478               335,309                335,599
Adjustment to average number of common shares (thousands)
 Stock options(1)                                                                                               1,714                  3,037                 2,378                  2,873
Weighted average diluted number of common shares outstanding (thousands)                                      337,317                338,515               337,687                338,472
Diluted earnings per share (dollars)                                                                             1.01                   1.51                  2.68                   3.01

(1)   For the quarter ended April 30, 2020, the calculation of diluted earnings per share excluded an average number of 3,387,777 options outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of
      $68.17 (1,784,437 options outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of $64.14 for the quarter ended April 30, 2019), as the exercise price of these options was greater than the
      average price of the Bank’s common shares. For the six months ended April 30, 2020, the calculation of diluted earnings per share excluded an average number of 1,403,880 options
      outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of $71.86 (1,791,880 options outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of $64.14 for the six months ended April 30, 2019).
Maple Financial Group Inc.
The Bank has a 24.9% equity interest in Maple Financial Group Inc. (Maple), a privately owned Canadian company that operated through direct and indirect
wholly owned subsidiaries in Canada, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States.

Maple Bank GmbH (Maple GmbH), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Maple, has been the subject of an investigation into alleged tax irregularities by
German prosecutors since September 2015, and the investigation was focusing on selected trading activities by Maple GmbH and some of its former
employees, primarily during taxation years 2006 to 2010. The German authorities have alleged that these trading activities, often referred to as “cum/ex
trading,” violated German tax laws. Neither the Bank nor its employees were involved in these trading activities and, to the Bank’s knowledge, are not the
subject of this investigation. At that time, the Bank announced that if it were determined that portions of the dividends it received from Maple could be
reasonably attributed to tax fraud by Maple GmbH, arrangements would be made to repay those amounts to the relevant authority.

On February 6, 2016, the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority, BaFin, placed a moratorium on the business activities of Maple GmbH preventing it
from carrying out its normal business activities. In August 2016, Maple filed for bankruptcy under applicable Canadian laws, and a trustee was appointed to
administer the company. Similar proceedings were initiated for each of Maple’s other material subsidiaries in their home jurisdictions. In light of the situation,
the Bank wrote off the carrying value of its equity interest in Maple in an amount of $164 million ($145 million net of income taxes) during the first quarter of
2016. The $164 million write-off of the equity interest in this associate was recognized in the Non-interest income – Other item of the Consolidated Statement
of Income for the year ended October 31, 2016 and was reported in the Financial Markets segment.

While there has not yet been a determination of tax fraud on the part of Maple GmbH or its employees, in the insolvency proceedings of Maple GmbH the
German finance office issued a declaration about the result of the tax audit at Maple GmbH and about the relevant tax consequences of the cum/ex trading and
concluded a final tax claim of the tax authorities against the insolvency administrator. This claim was approved by the Maple GmbH creditor assembly.

The Bank has been in contact with the German prosecutors, who have confirmed that, in their view based upon the evidence they have considered since the
occurrence of the insolvency, the Bank was not involved in any respect with the alleged tax fraud undertaken by Maple GmbH nor was it negligent in failing to
identify that alleged fraud. Further to discussions between the Bank and the German prosecutors concerning the amounts deemed attributable to the alleged
tax fraud, the Bank paid 7.7 million euros to the German tax authorities on November 19, 2019. As at October 31, 2019, an $11 million provision was recorded
to reflect this adjusting event after the Consolidated Balance Sheet date.

In December 2019, the Bank, together with the other principal Maple shareholders, reached an agreement with the bankruptcy and insolvency administrator of
Maple GmbH to settle any potential claims that might be asserted against them by or on behalf of Maple GmbH. In connection with the settlement, the Bank
agreed to pay 8.7 million euros for the benefit of Maple GmbH’s creditors and, during the first quarter of 2020, recorded a $13 million charge in the Non-
interest expenses – Other item presented in the Other heading of segment results. The legal process to finalize the agreement has been delayed by virtue of
the COVID-19 pandemic; however, all parties involved in the process have agreed to extend the timetable for finalization of the agreement until later in 2020.
Upon the finalization of the agreement, the Bank expects that all material liabilities associated with its ownership of Maple will have been resolved.
The Bank carries out its activities in four business segments, which are defined below. For presentation purposes, other activities are grouped in the Other
heading. Each reportable segment is distinguished by services offered, type of clientele, and marketing strategy.

Personal and Commercial
The Personal and Commercial segment encompasses the banking, financing, and investing services offered to individuals, advisors and businesses as well as
insurance operations.

Wealth Management
The Wealth Management segment comprises investment solutions, trust services, banking services, lending services and other wealth management solutions
offered through internal and third-party distribution networks.

Financial Markets
The Financial Markets segment encompasses corporate banking and investment banking and financial solutions for large and mid-size corporations, public
sector organizations, and institutional investors. The segment is also active in proprietary trading and investment activities for the Bank.

U.S. Specialty Finance and International (USSF&I)
The USSF&I segment encompasses the specialty finance expertise provided by the Credigy subsidiary; the activities of the ABA Bank subsidiary, which offers
financial products and services to individuals and businesses in Cambodia; and the activities of targeted investments in certain emerging markets.

Other
This heading encompasses treasury activities, liquidity management, Bank funding, asset/liability management activities, certain non-recurring items, and the
unallocated portion of corporate units.
                                                                                                                                                                       Quarter ended April 30(1)
                                                        Personal and               Wealth                    Financial
                                                         Commercial            Management                     Markets                 USSF&I                  Other                       Total
                                                   2020       2019          2020    2019            2020        2019        2020       2019        2020       2019          2020         2019

Net interest income(2)                              607          578         110        108          265          185        206         159        (83)        (88)       1,105          942
Non-interest income(2)                              241          256         364        318          333          220        (23)         19         16          15          931          828
Total revenues                                      848          834         474        426          598          405        183         178        (67)        (73)       2,036        1,770
Non-interest expenses                               459          458         278        267          220          182         82          74         82          45        1,121        1,026
Contribution                                        389          376         196        159          378          223        101         104       (149)       (118)         915          744
Provisions for credit losses                        301           63           4          −          162            7         32          14          5           −          504           84
Income before income taxes (recovery)                88          313         192        159          216          216         69          90       (154)       (118)         411          660
Income taxes (recovery)(2)                           23           83          51         42           57           58         (5)         18        (94)        (99)          32          102
Net income                                           65          230         141        117          159          158         74          72        (60)        (19)         379          558
Non-controlling interests                             −            −           −          −            −            −          4          12          7           7           11           19
Net income attributable
 to the Bank’s shareholders                         65          230          141        117         159         158          70          60        (67)   (26)    368                    539
Average assets                                 117,052      111,910        5,984      6,154     120,474     109,485      14,715      10,600     54,563 45,023 312,788                283,172

                                                                                                                                                                 Six months ended April 30(1)
                                                        Personal and              Wealth                     Financial
                                                         Commercial           Management                      Markets                 USSF&I                  Other                       Total
                                                   2020       2019         2020    2019            2020         2019       2020        2019       2020        2019          2020         2019

Net interest income(3)                            1,218        1,167         229        232         385          262         387        317        (184)      (173)        2,035       1,805
Non-interest income(3)                              510          518         710        628         671          553          (9)        32          42         33         1,924       1,764
Total revenues                                    1,728        1,685         939        860       1,056          815         378        349        (142)      (140)        3,959       3,569
Non-interest expenses(4)                            927          921         560        534         419          360         160        142         146         95         2,212       2,052
Contribution                                        801          764         379        326         637          455         218        207        (288)      (235)        1,747       1,517
Provisions for credit losses                        371          121           4          −         171           10          42         41           5          −           593         172
Income before income taxes (recovery)               430          643         375        326         466          445         176        166        (293)      (235)        1,154       1,345
Income taxes (recovery)(3)                          114          171          99         86         123          119          17         34        (188)      (175)          165         235
Net income                                          316          472         276        240         343          326         159        132        (105)       (60)          989       1,110
Non-controlling interests                             −            −           −          −           −            −          13         22          14         13            27          35
Net income attributable
 to the Bank’s shareholders                        316          472         276         240        343          326         146        110        (119)   (73)    962                 1,075
Average assets                                 116,493      111,521       5,963       6,326    121,049      106,974      13,592     10,523      49,990 45,924 307,087               281,268

(1)   For the quarter and six-month period ended April 30, 2019, certain amounts have been reclassified.
(2)   The Net interest income, Non-interest income and Income taxes (recovery) items of the business segments are presented on a taxable equivalent basis. Taxable equivalent basis is a
      calculation method that consists of grossing up certain tax-exempt income by the amount of income tax that would have been otherwise payable. For the business segments as a whole, Net
      interest income was grossed up by $56 million ($45 million in 2019), Non-interest income was grossed up by $20 million ($35 million in 2019), and an equivalent amount was recognized in
      Income taxes (recovery). The effect of these adjustments has been reversed under the Other heading.
(3)   For the six-month period ended April 30, 2020, Net interest income was grossed up by $113 million ($80 million in 2019), Non-interest income was grossed up by $50 million ($63 million in
      2019), and an equivalent amount was recognized in Income taxes (recovery). The effect of these adjustments has been reversed under the Other heading.
(4)   For the six months ended April 30, 2020, in the Other heading of segment results, the Non-interest expenses item includes a $13 million charge related to Maple.




Redemption of Trust Units Issued by NBC Asset Trust
On May 4, 2020, NBC Asset Trust (the Trust), a closed-end trust established by the Bank, announced its intention to redeem all of the outstanding 350,000
trust units – Series 2 (NBC CapS II – Series 2) on June 30, 2020 at a per-unit price of $1,000. The redemption was approved by OSFI.
Investor Relations                                                              Transfer Agent and Registrar
Financial analysts and investors who want to obtain financial information       For information about stock transfers, address changes, dividends, lost
on the Bank may contact the Investor Relations Department.                      certificates, tax forms, and estate transfers, shareholders of record may
                                                                                contact the transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company of Canada, at the
600 De La Gauchetière Street West, 7th Floor                                    address or telephone number below.
Montreal, Quebec H3B 4L2
Toll-free:   1-866-517-5455                                                     Computershare Trust Company of Canada
Email:       investorrelations@nbc.ca                                           Share Ownership Management
Website:     nbc.ca/investorrelations                                           100 University Avenue, 8th Floor
                                                                                Toronto, Ontario M5J 2Y1
                                                                                Telephone: 1-888-838-1407
Communications and Corporate Social Responsibility                              Fax:        1-888-453-0330
600 De La Gauchetière Street West, 18th Floor                                   Email:      service@computershare.com
Montreal, Quebec H3B 4L2                                                        Website:    computershare.com
Telephone: 514-394-8644
Email:       pa@nbc.ca                                                          Shareholders whose shares are held by a market intermediary are asked to
                                                                                contact the market intermediary concerned.

Quarterly Report Publication Dates for Fiscal 2020                              Direct Deposit Service for Dividends
(subject to approval by the Board of Directors of the Bank)
                                                                                Shareholders may elect to have their dividend payments deposited directly
First quarter                                February 27                        via electronic funds transfer to their bank account at any financial institution
Second quarter                               May 26                             that is a member of the Canadian Payments Association. To do so, they must
Third quarter                                August 26                          send a written request to the transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company
Fourth quarter                               December 2                         of Canada.

                                                                                Dividend Reinvestment and Share Purchase Plan
                                                                                National Bank has a Dividend Reinvestment and Share Purchase Plan for
                                                                                Canadian holders of its common and preferred shares under which they can
                                                                                acquire common shares of the Bank without paying commissions or
                                                                                administration fees. Canadian participants acquire common shares through
                                                                                the reinvestment of cash dividends paid on the shares they hold or through
 Conference Call
                                                                                optional cash payments of at least $1 per payment, up to a maximum of
 —    A conference call for analysts and institutional investors will be held
                                                                                $5,000 per quarter.
      on Tuesday, May 26, 2020 at 5:30 p.m. EDT.
 —    Access by telephone in listen-only mode: 1-800-806-5484 or                For additional information, shareholders may contact National Bank’s
      416-340-2217. The access code is 2025893#.                                registrar and transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company of Canada, at
 —    A recording of the conference call can be heard until June 27, 2020 by    1-888-838-1407. To participate in the plan, National Bank’s beneficial or
      dialing 1-800-408-3053 or 905-694-9451. The access code is                non-registered common shareholders must contact their financial institution
      8176842#.                                                                 or broker.

 Webcast                                                                        Dividends
 —   The conference call will be webcast live at nbc.ca/investorrelations.      Dividends paid are “eligible dividends” in accordance with the Income Tax
 —   A recording of the webcast will also be available on National Bank’s       Act (Canada).
     website after the call.

 Financial Documents
 —    The Report to Shareholders (which includes the quarterly consolidated
      financial statements) is available at all times on National Bank’s
      website at nbc.ca/investorrelations.
 —    The Report to Shareholders, the Supplementary Financial Information,
      the Supplementary Regulatory Capital and Pillar 3 Disclosure, and a
      slide presentation will be available on the Investor Relations page of
      National Bank’s website at the close of the stock markets on the day of
      the conference call.
