to
grow

Annual
Report
2016
 10
  Highlights
                                                                            11Results in Brief




Contents
                                        12
                                        Chair's Report




                 16Board of Directors



                                                                     18
                                                                      Chief Executive's Report




           22
                                                    Port of Tauranga has the space to expand
                                                    to meet New Zealand’s growing need for
                                                    import and export capacity.
                                                    Our space, and our spread across the
                                                    country, gives us the room to pursue larger
                                                    cargo volumes, greater efficiencies and
                                                    more integration across the supply chain.
                                                    We have made diligent preparations to
           Senior Management Team
                                                    ensure we are ready for an expanded reality
                                                    that is just over the horizon.
                                                    We are New Zealand’s Port for the Future.
    24
                                           34
    Our Customers




                                            Our Partners




                 46
                 Our People




                              54
                              Our Sustainable Future




66
Financial Statements
                               68	Report of Directors

                               69
                               104
                               110
                                    to Shareholders
                                    Independent Auditor's Report
                                    Corporate Governance Statement
                                    Statutory Information
                               115	Financial and Operational
                                    Five Year Summary
                               116  Company Directory

                                                                     1
             INNER
             SPACE

    Annual    Port of Tauranga’s strategic land holdings
    Report    around Tauranga Harbour total 190.3 hectares,
    2016      with 141.3 hectares currently utilised for port
              operations.

              Long-term plans allow for         At the container terminal, the
              a further extension to the        present throughput of around
              Tauranga Container Terminal       950,000 TEU (twenty foot
              berth space of 385 metres, to     equivalent units) per annum
              the south of the current wharf.   could potentially be trebled
              There is also scope for an        utilising the available land area.
              additional two berths on
                                                We have the capacity – in
              the Mount Maunganui side
                                                equipment, land and expertise
              of the port.
                                                – to handle the much larger
                                                volumes of cargo that will arrive
                                                with bigger ships.




2             Port of Tauranga Limited
Port of Tauranga
                   190.3ha
                     Total land available
                                                                         141.3ha
                                                               Land currently used by port operations




                                                                            49.0ha
                                                                Available land for future development




                                            385m
                                             Berth extension




                                                                                                        3
             DEEP
             SPACE

    Annual    Larger vessels, with their lower operating
    Report    costs and greater fuel efficiency, will enhance
    2016      New Zealand’s global competitiveness.

              Port of Tauranga is the first    We have deepened the
              New Zealand port capable of      shipping channels from 12.9
              hosting container ships with a   to 14.5 metres inside the
              capacity of more than 5,500      harbour, and 15.8 metres
              TEU (twenty foot equivalent      outside the harbour.
              units), with New Zealand’s
                                               This will allow us to
              largest container ship (with a
                                               accommodate larger
              capacity of 9,500 TEU and
                                               container vessels, but it will
              347 metres in length), due
                                               also allow us to serve bulk
              to call at Tauranga in
                                               cargo and cruise ships that
              October 2016.
                                               are also increasing in size.
              Port of Tauranga has
                                               Overall, the average length
              undertaken a $30 million
                                               of ships visiting Tauranga has
              dredging project, the first
                                               grown from 177 metres in 2011
              stage of which has just been
                                               to 190 metres in 2016.
              completed, to deepen and
              widen Tauranga Harbour to
              accommodate bigger ships.




4             Port of Tauranga Limited
Port of Tauranga Shipping Channel




                                    15.8m
                                    Channel depth




                     350m
                     Ship length




        115m
        Extended channel width




                                                    14.5m
                                                     Channel depth




                                                                      Existing channel



                                                                     Extended channel




                                                                                         5
             SPACE TO
             EXPAND

    Annual    Port of Tauranga is New Zealand’s largest
    Report    freight gateway, with unrivalled sea, road
    2016      and rail connections.

              Our network spans the North       In the South Island, we have
              and South Islands and our         purchased 15 hectares at
              locations all have extensive      Rolleston and developed our
              capacity for growth.              second inland port, MetroPort
                                                Christchurch. This freight hub
              Seventeen years ago, we
                                                is connected by rail to
              expanded our hinterland
                                                PrimePort Timaru and
              from Tauranga and built a
                                                warehousing facilities will
              base in Auckland. MetroPort
                                                be developed as required.
              Auckland was the country’s
              first inland port. Since then,    PrimePort Timaru itself
              we have extended our reach        occupies 27.5 hectares, with
              as far as Northport, near         another 10 hectares dedicated
              Whangarei, and PrimePort          to the Timaru Container
              Timaru in the south.              Terminal operations. PrimePort
                                                increased its strategic land
              At Northport, resource consent
                                                holdings with the purchase of
              is in hand to expand capacity
                                                an adjacent 2.1 hectare site
              from 48 to more than 50
                                                in June.
              hectares, and increase berth
              length from 570 to 840 metres.    Our diverse network is critical
              There is also potential to        to providing the efficient
              increase the port’s footprint     connectivity demanded by
              to 73 hectares and 1,370 metres   importers and exporters.
              of berth.




6             Port of Tauranga Limited
Port of Tauranga, New Zealand
                                                                                  Northport                1,370m
                                                                                                       Potential berth length available



                          73ha
                          Land available                                          MetroPort Auckland     32.8ha         Land available


                                                                                    Port of Tauranga    190.3ha         Land available



                          $15M
                          KiwiRail upgrading facilities
                                                                                  Savill Drive, Auckland    12.5ha      Land available




                                      MetroPort Christchurch               15ha
                                                               Land available for development



                                    PrimePort Timaru and
                                Timaru Container Terminal          39.6ha
                                                                     Combined land available




                                                                                                                                          7
             DEFINING
             NEW SPACE

    Annual    Port of Tauranga has cast off the definition
    Report    of a traditional port. Instead, we have forged
    2016
              connections with partners across the supply
              chain and sought truly integrated solutions
              for our customers.

              Our long-term freight            Auckland. It is also spending
              agreements with major            $45 million on new locomotives,
              exporters such as Oji Fibre      a good proportion of which will
              Solutions, Kotahi and Zespri     be allocated to the Auckland-
              International give us the        Tauranga rail line.
              certainty to plan well for the
                                               Our newest venture, Coda
              future. We can ensure we have
                                               Group, gives us the platform to
              the right infrastructure and
                                               integrate across all modes of
              services in place as
                                               transport, including road and
              cargo volumes increase.
                                               domestic shipping.
              We have also partnered with
                                               Coda’s recent establishment
              KiwiRail to ensure we have the
                                               of a rail-connected freight
              rail capacity we need to be
                                               management hub in Savill
              certain it can remain our land
                                               Drive complements our nearby
              transport of first choice.
                                               MetroPort Auckland inland port
              KiwiRail is currently spending   as a cargo consolidation point
              around $15 million to upgrade    with unrivalled connectivity.
              its facilities at MetroPort




8             Port of Tauranga Limited
MetroPort Auckland




                                                                 $15M
                                                         KiwiRail upgrading facilities




                                                                $45M
Golden Triangle


                     Auckland                        Investment in new locomotives



                          Hamilton      Tauranga

                                                   Annualised savings from utilising
                                                           the freight rail network:



                                                                      21.3
                                                   Million litres of diesel fuel savings




                     Palmerston North                       57,923
                                                     Tonnes of C02 emission savings




                                                                                           9
              HIGHLIGHTS
              For the Year Ended 30 June 2016

                                                    62% injury
                                                        reduction
                                                    Reduction in Total

                  2.2ha                             Recordable Injury Frequency
                                                    Rate (TRIFR) by 62% to 5.6**               up 39%
                   Commenced the                                                               Container throughput at
                       building of a                                                           MetroPort Auckland up
                2.2 hectare shed at

                                                    10 year
                                                                                               39% to 249,390 TEUs*
                Tauranga Container
                           Terminal                    partnership
     Annual                                         Signed a ten-year Strategic
     Report                                         Partnership Agreement with
     2016                                           Zespri and Tauranga Kiwifruit
                                                    Logistics (TKL)




                                                                                       up 21%
                                                                                       Milk powder volumes up
                                                                                       21% to 2,053,026 tonnes




               14.5m depth                                                  *TEU = twenty foot equivalent units
                                                                            **Number of lost time claims per million hours worked
              Dredging of harbour channels




10                       Port of Tauranga Limited
                up 18%
                                                                           up 12%
                Record container volumes
                at Timaru Container
                Terminal Limited up
                18% to 84,402 TEUs*
                                                                           Container throughput up
                                                                           12% to 954,006 TEUs*




 up 21%
 Kiwifruit volumes up 21%
 to 996,109m³




up 2%                         RESULTS
Parent EBITDA up 2% to
$125.7 million
                              IN BRIEF
                                                                                                Year 2016      Year 2015
                               For the Year Ended 30 June 2016                                      $000           $000
                               Operating income                                                   245,521       268,460
                               Surplus after taxation – reported                                   77,314        79,148
                               Surplus after taxation – underlying                                 77,314        79,007
                               Total assets                                                     1,322,367      1,297,018
                               Total equity                                                      885,684        887,550
                               Dividends paid/proposed (per share)                               78 cents       52 cents
                               Shareholders’ equity (%)                                              67.0          68.4
                               Net asset backing per share ($)                                       6.51          6.52
                               Return on average equity (%)                                           8.7            9.3
                               Cargo throughput (000 tonnes)                                       20,120        20,179
                               Containers (TEU)*                                                 954,006         851,106


                              The Board approved a final dividend of 30.0 cents per share ($40.8 million) and a special
                              dividend of 25.0 cents per share ($34.0 million) after year end payable on 7 October 2016.
                                                                                                                           11
 David Pilkington - Chair


12
WE ARE IN A
GREAT SPACE
 We are at the end of our $350 million investment
 programme in preparation for the imminent
 arrival of the next generation of ships.


                                                                        Chair's
                                                                        Report
 From October 2016, Maersk           It also stems from the signing
 Line ships of up to 9,500           of freight agreements with
 TEUs (twenty foot equivalent        major exporters such as Kotahi.
 units) will start calling at        These agreements provide the
 Port of Tauranga. This              Port with the forward cargo
 follows the completion of the       commitments necessary to
 Company’s dredging project          undertake the significant
 to widen and deepen the             investment in infrastructure
 harbour channel to a depth          that is required to handle these
 of 14.5 metres.                     larger ships.
 Until now, the biggest ships        It is not just larger container
 visiting the port have had          ships that are calling at
 capacity of around 4,500 TEUs.      Tauranga. The world’s biggest
                                     log carrier, the 200-metre,
 The arrival of these new
                                     35,000 tonne SBI Maia,
 ships, part of Maersk Line’s
                                     chartered by TPT Forests, made
 Triple Star service, will offer
                                     its maiden voyage to Port of
 exporters significant potential
                                     Tauranga in October 2015.
 cost savings. They will also give
 them direct links to important      Also, in the 2016-2017 summer
 North Asian markets.                cruise season we will welcome
                                     the 347-metre long mega cruise
 Port of Tauranga is the first
                                     liner Ovation of the Seas, which
 New Zealand port able to
                                     will bring 4,900 passengers and
 berth ships this size. This
                                     1,500 crew to the Bay of Plenty.
 development is the culmination
 of a five year $350 million
 investment programme to
 extend our freight catchment.




                                        Port of Tauranga Limited              13
           FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE                programme warranted a
                                                review of the Company’s
           We have turned in a strong
                                                capital structure. We have now
           performance for the 2016
                                                resolved to return up to
           financial year. Parent EBITDA
                                                $140 million to shareholders
           for the year to 30 June 2016
                                                over the next four years. The
           rose 2.2% to $125.7 million from
                                                final amount to be returned
           $123 million in the prior year, as
                                                will be dependent on our
           container traffic rose 12.1% to
                                                requirements to fund any new
           a record of more than 954,000
                                                future growth initiatives over
           TEUs, from 851,000 TEUs in the
                                                and above those currently
           prior year.
                                                planned for.
           These gains were offset by
                                                Port of Tauranga is delivering
           a decline in bulk cargoes
                                                $34 million of this sum to
           reflecting continuing challenges
                                                shareholders this year
           in New Zealand’s forestry and
                                                with a 25 cents per share
           agricultural sectors. Notably,
                                                fully-imputed special dividend.
           log exports fell as did imports
           of fertiliser, bulk liquids and      Directors have also declared a
           stock feed.                          30 cents per share fully-imputed
                                                final dividend, which combined
 Chair's   Revenues fell to $245.5 million
                                                with the special dividend, lifts
 Report    from $268.5 million. The
                                                total payments to shareholders
           decrease in revenue is due
                                                for the 2016 financial year to
           to the merger of our former
                                                78 cents per share. The record
           subsidiary Tapper Transport
                                                date for dividend entitlements
           into our Coda logistics
                                                is 23 September 2016 and the
           partnership with Kotahi.
                                                payment date is 7 October 2016.
           Net profit after tax fell
                                                The capital restructure will
           2.4% to $77.3 million as
                                                return excess capital to
           the Company’s now largely
                                                shareholders in a tax efficient
           completed $350 million
                                                manner, while optimising
           infrastructure investment
                                                shareholder returns.
           programme resulted in higher
           depreciation charges, which are      Port of Tauranga will retain
           up $2.7 million in the 2016 year.    its strong financial position and
                                                the payment of the targeted
           CAPITAL STRUCTURE                    capital return of $140 million
           As signalled at last year’s          still ensures that we will retain a
           Annual Meeting, the completion       conservative level of debt.
           of our infrastructure investment




                          Our strategic partnerships give us
                          the confidence that underpins our
                          investment in infrastructure and
                          efficiencies across all of our locations.




14         Port of Tauranga Limited
Ovation of the Seas - Cruise Ship




                   Separately we have announced          We have seen no economic           THE FUTURE
                   a 5:1 share split to lift liquidity   justification for the plan, nor
                                                                                            Low global prices for dairy
                   of the Company’s shares.              have we been privy to the
                                                                                            products and log exports will
                   Shareholders will receive             assumptions that lead to its
                                                                                            continue to have an impact on
                   five shares for every one share       conclusions. What we do
                                                                                            bulk cargo volumes in the near
                   held at 5.00 pm on the record         know is that our investment
                                                                                            term. Other export cargoes,
                   date of 17 October 2016.              programme, our extensive
                                                                                            such as kiwifruit, are expected
                                                         Tauranga land holdings and our
                   Shareholders' proportionate                                              to continue their strong growth
                                                         rail-linked MetroPort facility
                   holding in the Company will not                                          trajectory.
                                                         in Onehunga, ensures we can
                   change with the share split, and
                                                         significantly expand the volume    Port of Tauranga will remain
                   voting and distribution rights
                                                         of imports that can be delivered   somewhat protected from the
                   will be unaffected.
                                                         into Auckland.                     fluctuations of international
                   DIRECTORS                                                                demand through its diverse
                                                         Such an approach will have the
                                                                                            cargoes, income sources and
                   At the 2016 Annual Meeting,           additional benefit of reducing
                                                                                            locations, as well as our long-
                   Directors Bill Baylis and             traffic flows in downtown
                                                                                            term freight agreements with
                   Kim Ellis will retire by rotation     Auckland City and negate the
                                                                                            key exporters.
                   and seek re-election. Both Bill       need to expand the city’s port
                   and Kim have the unanimous            operations further into the        We will provide earnings
                   support of the Board.                 Waitemata Harbour.                 guidance for the full
                                                                                            2016/2017 year at our Annual
                                                         While we are always willing to
                   INDUSTRY ENVIRONMENT                                                     Shareholders' Meeting on
                                                         engage in a rigorous economic
                                                                                            20 October 2016, when we
                   Shareholders will be aware            study to examine the optimal
                                                                                            have a better feel for the first
                   of the Future Port Study              port solution for the upper
                                                                                            quarter's trade volumes.
                   undertaken on behalf of               North Island, we are optimistic
                   Ports of Auckland Limited to          that ultimately, the market
                   overcome that port’s growing          will drive any rationalisation
                   capacity constraints.                 required. The arrival of bigger
                   Subsequent comments have              ships – and the efficiencies       David Pilkington
                   suggested that a new mega port        they can bring – will be a         Chair
                   in the Firth of Thames could be       game changer.
                   built to incorporate sufficient
                   capacity to accommodate both
                   Auckland and Tauranga cargo
                   growth over the next 50 years.


                                                                                                                               15
             BOARD OF
             DIRECTORS

 Board of
 Directors




                                                                                  K R ELLIS, BCA Economics
                                                                                  1st Class Honours, BE
                                                                                  Chemical 1st Class Honours
              D A PILKINGTON, BSc, BE,
                                                                                  INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
              GradDip Dairy Science &
              Technology, Chair                                                   Kim Ellis is Chair of Metlifecare
                                                                                  Limited and NZ Social
              INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
                                                                                  Infrastructure Fund Limited,
              David Pilkington was a member    A W BAYLIS, MCom 1st               and a Director of Ballance
              of Fonterra’s senior executive   Class Honours, FCA, FNZIM,         Agri-Nutrients Limited,
              team. He holds Directorships     AFInstD                            EnviroWaste Services Limited,
              in Douglas Pharmaceuticals                                          Fonterra Shareholders Fund
                                               INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
              Limited, Northport Limited,                                         (FSF) Management Company
              Port of Tauranga Trustee         Bill Baylis is a Director of       Limited, and Freightways
              Company Limited, PrimePort       PrimePort Timaru Limited.          Limited. Kim joined the Board in
              Timaru Limited, Tuatara          He has broad governance            May 2013.
              Brewing Company Limited          experience over a wide range of
              and Zespri Group Limited.        industries. Mr Baylis chairs the
              Mr Pilkington chairs Hellers     Audit Committee and joined the
              Limited and Rangatira Limited.   Board in February 2006.
              He has a strong background
              in marketing, international
              business and supply chain
              logistics. He joined the Board
              in July 2005.




16            Port of Tauranga Limited
J C HOARE, BCom, FCA,
MInstD
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
                                                                                                        M J SMITH, LLB
Julia Hoare has a                  A R LAWRENCE, BCA
                                                                                                        Michael Smith, a Tauranga
comprehensive range of             Business Admin
                                                                                                        lawyer, is Chair of Quayside
commercial, financial, tax,
                                   INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR                                                 Group of Companies,
regulatory and sustainability
                                                                                                        Craigs Investment Partners
expertise which she developed      Alastair Lawrence is a very
                                                                                                        Superannuation Management
over the course of 20 years as     experienced corporate advisor      D LEEDER
                                                                                                        Limited and Quay Street
a partner with PwC. She retired    and financier. He was a Director
                                                                      Doug Leeder is Chair of           Asset Management Limited,
from the PwC partnership on        of private investment bank
                                                                      Bay of Plenty Regional Council.   and a Director of Custodial
31 December 2012 to pursue a       Antipodes Consult Limited
                                                                      He is a dairy farmer, and has     Services Limited, First
full time corporate governance     from 1998-2014. Previous
                                                                      considerable experience in        Mortgage Managers Limited
career. Julia is a Fellow of the   governance roles include
                                                                      governance and management.        and Norfolk Southern Cross
New Zealand Institute of           Landcare Research Limited, and
                                                                      Doug has held positions of        Limited. He has an extensive
Chartered Accountants and a        membership of the Takeovers
                                                                      governance in Federated           corporate and commercial legal
Member of the Institute            Panel which developed and
                                                                      Farmers, was a Director and       background. Mr Smith chairs
of Directors.                      implemented the Takeovers
                                                                      Chair of Bay Milk Products,       the Remuneration Committee
                                   Code. Mr Lawrence is a Director
Other directorships include:                                          Director of the East Bay Health   and joined the Board in
                                   of Coda GP Limited.
AWF Madison Group Limited,                                            Board, Chair of Subsidiaries      August 2001.
New Zealand Post Limited,          Alastair is currently a Director   East Bay Energy Trust, Chair
The A2 Milk Company Limited,       of, and investor in, a number      of NZ Dairy Group and Dairy
and Watercare Services             of private New Zealand             Insight and Director of DEXCEL.
Limited, and Member of             companies. He joined the Board     He joined the Board in
Auckland Committee, Institute      in February 2014.                  October 2015.
of Directors, Advisory Panel
to External Reporting Board,
and the Institute of Directors
Council. Julia joined the Board
in August 2015.




                                                                                                                                         17
               NEW
               SPACE
               Our dredging project is almost complete
               and our upgraded infrastructure is ready.
               We are poised to welcome the largest ever
 Chief
 Executive's   container ship to visit New Zealand waters.
 Report



               We are delighted that the          We continue to cement our
               investment we have made            customer relationships by
               in our infrastructure will         formalising partnerships. We
               be utilised so quickly after       signed a ten-year Strategic
               completion of the $350 million     Partnership Agreement with
               capital spending programme         Zespri and Tauranga Kiwifruit
               of the past five years.            Logistics (TKL).
               We have looked at every aspect     TRADE TRENDS
               of our operations to ensure that
               we are ready.                      Milk powder exports increased
                                                  21.5% in volume, to just over 2.0
               2016 IN REVIEW                     million tonnes. Dairy industry-
                                                  related imports decreased,
               Total trade decreased 0.3%
                                                  including fertilisers (down 10%),
               to 20.1 million tonnes.
                                                  bulk liquids (down 23.4%) and
               Exports decreased by 1.2%
                                                  palm kernel (down 28.2%).
               to 13.1 million tonnes, while
               imports increased by 1.4%          Kiwifruit volumes increased
               to 7.0 million tonnes.             21.1% and are expected to
                                                  continue growing at this rate.
               Container traffic continued to
               grow apace, with container         Exports of logs decreased 18.2%
               throughput increasing 12.1%        in volume to 4.6 million tonnes.
               to 954,006 TEUs (twenty foot       Volumes of value-added forest
               equivalent units). The largest     products increased, including
               increase in containers was in      pulp and paper exports growing
               imports, which increased by        by 5%.
               34,260 TEUs.




18             Port of Tauranga Limited
Mark Cairns - Chief Executive




                            19
                      The drop in bulk cargo exports    In preparation for larger ships,    SOUTH ISLAND OPERATIONS
                      was offset by the increase in     we have expanded ground slots
                                                                                            We reached a new record
                      container traffic, which now      at the container terminal to more
                                                                                            in container volumes at the
                      makes up more than half of        than 5,000 and increased overall
                                                                                            Timaru Container Terminal,
                      total trade through the Port,     refrigerated container connection
                                                                                            handling 18% more cargo in the
                      up from 42% of total trade        points to more than 1,800.
                                                                                            financial year and reaching a
                      two years ago.
                                                        A further 650 container ground      total of 84,402 TEUs.
                      TAURANGA OPERATIONS               slots will be added when Shed
                                                                                            Our South Island-based
                                                        12 is demolished and replaced
                      The arrival of the first 9,500                                        customers are also starting
                                                        by a larger facility at the
                      TEU container ships in October                                        to utilise our new intermodal
                                                        southern end of the terminal,
                      2016 will usher in a new era of                                       freight hub at Rolleston,
                                                        which will be utilised by
                      sea-borne freight transport in                                        12 kilometres south of
                                                        Oji Fibre Solutions.
                      New Zealand. Port of Tauranga                                         Christchurch. The 15-hectare
                      is the first New Zealand port     Another two container cranes        site opened in August 2015
                      able to berth ships this size.    and 13 new straddle carriers        and is used for the receipt,
 Chief                                                  have just been delivered to the     packing and distribution of
 Executive's          The efficiencies they will
                      bring and the cost savings for    port. Once the Port’s original      containerised cargo, as well
 Report
                      New Zealand's importers and       and oldest crane is retired, the    as an empty container depot.
                      exporters are significant.        ship-to-shore crane fleet will
                                                        number eight.




               Dredging at Mount Maunganui




20                    Port of Tauranga Limited
We have had strong growth in containers for a
number of years, but the new bigger vessels will
require us to manage much larger exchanges in
shorter timeframes.




                         AUCKLAND OPERATIONS                 THE FUTURE
                         Container throughput at             I believe we have created the
                         MetroPort Auckland increased        right spaces to future-proof the
                         39% to 249,390 TEUs.                Port for the next 20 to 30 years.
                         The continued growth has            I look forward to seeing the
                         prompted KiwiRail to invest         fruition of our vision to bring the
                         $15 million in upgrading its        efficiencies of larger vessels to
                         facilities at MetroPort. We         our wide variety of customers in
                         are also working with them to       both the North and South Islands.
                         introduce a vehicle booking
                         system to further enhance the
                         efficiency of truck movements
                         to and from the rail exchange.
                                                             Mark Cairns
                         OUR PEOPLE                          Chief Executive
                         Investment in capacity is vital,
                         but it is pointless without our
                         people. They are what really
                         makes this port. They include
                         the team at Port of Tauranga as
                         well as the staff of the numerous
                         port-related companies in
                         Tauranga and beyond.




                                                                                                   21
 Senior
 Management
 Team




     Steven Gray - Chief Financial Officer   Leonard Sampson - Commercial Manager   Mark Cairns - Chief Executive




22                    Port of Tauranga Limited
Sara Lunam - Corporate Services Manager   Dan Kneebone - Property & Infrastructure Manager




                                                                                             23
             OUR
             CUSTOMERS
 Our                  We prefer long-term partnerships over
 Customers            short-lived platitudes. We take the time
                      to understand our customers’ needs,
                      their wants and their challenges. In the
                      next few pages, we profile some of those
                      companies we proudly do business with.




24           Port of Tauranga Limited
24-33
26   Tauranga Kiwifruit Logistics
28   Miraka
30   KiwiRail
32   Oji Fibre Solutions




                                    25
             TAURANGA
             KIWIFRUIT
             LOGISTICS
                        “It’s vital that the Port and the industry
                        work together to ensure we have the
                        space and the resources to handle
 Our                    rapidly growing export volumes.”
 Customers



             The New Zealand kiwifruit        Kiwifruit is shipped via
             industry has teamed with         specialist refrigerated
             Port of Tauranga to ensure       vessels – to those markets
             wharf-side capacity can cope     equipped with the necessary
             with rising exports.             port infrastructure – and in
                                              containers to those markets
             Tauranga Kiwifruit Logistics
                                              that better suit this mode. The
             (TKL) and Zespri International
                                              proportion of containerised
             have entered a 10-year freight
                                              exports is expected to increase,
             agreement with the port to
                                              eventually making up around
             formalise their long standing
                                              half of all shipments.
             relationship and move to the
             next step in providing on-port   A dedicated truck exchange
             infrastructure.                  is being used at the Tauranga
                                              Container Terminal for the
             TKL Chief Executive Ian Mearns
                                              first time this season to ensure
             says kiwifruit export volumes
                                              faster turnaround times for
             have been increasing by 20%
                                              containerised kiwifruit. This has
             per year since 2014, when
                                              also benefited other shippers as
             exports began to recover from
                                              it has freed up capacity at the
             the impact of an outbreak
                                              general truck exchange.
             of PSA disease. The trend is
             expected to continue through     “We’re also in constant
             to at least 2020.                discussions around berth
                                              allocations and shipping trends
             TKL, Zespri and the Port
                                              so that we can be as efficient
             are currently working together
                                              as possible. It’s not just about
             on the demolition and
                                              adding capacity, it’s about using
             rebuilding of the 30-year old
                                              existing resources smarter,”
             kiwifruit coolstore at the
                                              says Ian.
             Mount Maunganui wharves,
             which will reopen in time for
             the 2017 export season.



26           Port of Tauranga Limited
Ian Mearns - Chief Executive




                           27
 Richard Wyeth - Chief Executive Officer




28
MIRAKA
“Port of Tauranga has a similar approach in
the essence of what we strive to create – quality
products and the integrity, innovation and
                                                                           Our
commitment to meet our customer’s needs.”                             Customers




Dairy product exporter Miraka     Multiple award-winning Miraka
uses Port of Tauranga to ship     is just five years old and built
products from its Taupo factory   its UHT plant three years ago.
to 23 international markets.      It will ship 60 million litres of
                                  cartoned long-life milk next
Although it is 142 kilometres
                                  year, or 3,000 containers per
away, the Port can provide
                                  annum, plus 1,500 containers
the storage space, vessel
                                  of milk powder.
frequency and efficiency that
Miraka needs.                     “We started with a growth
                                  mindset, even when all we had
“We also need flexibility. It’s
                                  was just a paddock. It had to
important that our partners
                                  be very well planned… and the
can react as quickly as we
                                  Port has been with us on that
do,” says Chief Executive
                                  journey,” says Richard.
Richard Wyeth.
                                  Miraka has a focus on building
Miraka collects from 100
                                  and maintaining strong
farms within an 85 kilometre
                                  relationships and sustainable
radius of the factory. Milk is
                                  business practices.
processed into powder and
UHT long-life milk.               “That’s our starting point,
                                  strong values founded on the
The powder products are
                                  cultural beliefs of our owners.”
palletised for truck transfer
to a Mount Maunganui
warehouse, where it is loaded
onto truck-based containers
for the journey to the Tauranga
Container Terminal.




                                     Port of Tauranga Limited                 29
             KIWIRAIL
                          “KiwiRail has a shared vision with Port of
                          Tauranga to grow New Zealand economically,
                          and with rail we can do that in a highly
 Our                      sustainable way.”
 Customers



             Port of Tauranga’s partnership       Peter says KiwiRail’s strategic
             with KiwiRail has helped keep        partnership with the Port allows
             458,388 truck movements              it to plan for the future and
             off roads.                           invest with confidence.
             Utilising the freight rail network   “We are planning our fleet
             also saves around 21.3 million       purchases 10 to 15 years
             litres of diesel and reduces         ahead,” he says. “We’re here
             carbon emissions by 57,923           to help New Zealand grow
             tonnes annually.                     and improving our export
                                                  connectivity to the world is an
             KiwiRail Chief Executive
                                                  integral part of that.”
             Peter Reidy says those savings
             will only increase as freight        He says KiwiRail’s freight
             volumes grow. Containers             customers demand a high level
             moved via rail between               of reliability, cost efficiency,
             Auckland and Tauranga                service frequency and speed.
             increased by 39% in the
                                                  “They need to know we’ve got
             last year.
                                                  the capacity, when and where
             Forecasted continued growth          they need it.
             has prompted KiwiRail to
                                                  “The strong relationship with
             invest $15 million in upgrading
                                                  Port of Tauranga is critical.
             its facilities adjacent to
                                                  We need to manage the daily
             MetroPort Auckland. The
                                                  capacity to ensure our trains
             project will future-proof the
                                                  are full, as well as ensure we are
             freight hub. A new vehicle
                                                  linking with them about long
             booking system will speed up
                                                  term investment.”
             truck turnaround times.
             KiwiRail is also investing
             another $45 million in
             new locomotives.




30           Port of Tauranga Limited
Peter Reidy - Chief Executive




                            31
 Murray Horne - General Manager




32
OJI FIBRE
SOLUTIONS
“Long-term contracts and good relationships
are not just about a piece of paper. It’s how you
conduct yourself and the interactions you have
on a day-to-day basis.”                                                      Our
                                                                        Customers



A continuous drive for              “It is important that our
enhanced efficiency and quality     relationships with the Port of
will see pulp and paper export      Tauranga and our key shipping
operations move into larger,        lines support our strategy
purpose-built premises at           around quality customer
Port of Tauranga.                   service,” says Murray.
Oji Fibre Solutions (formerly       “New Zealand is geographically
Carter Holt Harvey Pulp &           distant from some of our
Paper) will operate from a new,     markets and it is vital that we
purpose-built 17,900 square         all work together to provide a
metre facility at Sulphur Point     timely, efficient service.
from early 2017.
                                    “We expect the Port, along
The new premises will               with our shipping lines, to be
provide Oji Fibre Solutions         responsive to our needs and
with greater flexibility around     those of our customers.”
product storage, handling,
                                    On the domestic front,
packing and despatching,
                                    Oji Fibre Solutions is driving
thereby enhancing overall
                                    efficiencies by working
export efficiencies.
                                    alongside its logistics partners,
Murray Horne is General             to optimise transport networks
Manager of Oji Fibre Solutions’     across road, rail and coastal
logistics arm Lodestar.             shipping corridors.
He says in a highly competitive
international market, Oji
Fibre Solutions is looking to
differentiate itself through high
quality customer service.




                                       Port of Tauranga Limited                 33
            OUR
            PARTNERS
 Our                 We have relentlessly pursued supply chain
 Partners            integration and efficiency because that’s what
                     our customers demand and that’s what is best
                     for New Zealand. In the Port of Tauranga
                     Group, we have a diverse range of port, cargo
                     and logistics expertise.




34          Port of Tauranga Limited
34-45
36   Northport
38   Quality Marshalling
40   Coda Group
42   Timaru Container Terminal
44   PrimePort Timaru




                                 35
 Jon Moore - Chief Executive



36
       NORTHPORT
“Expansion is very much on our agenda here
at Northport. We have significant consented
development plans to expand our cargo storage
areas and berth space.”


                                                                                 Our
        Cargo volumes handled              There is also 180 hectares of     Partners
        by Northport continue to           commercially-zoned bare land
        grow, increasing 6.7% to a         owned by Marsden Maritime
        new record in the 2016             Holdings (50% shareholder
        financial year.                    of Northport) adjacent to the
                                           port’s boundary.
        Log exports increased 8.5%,
        and average vessel sizes           Jon says the company
        also grew.                         continues to look afresh at
                                           all aspects of port operations
        Chief Executive Jon Moore says
                                           to ensure space is being
        Northport still has plenty of
                                           used effectively as cargo
        space to expand as cargo and
                                           volumes rise.
        traffic increases.
                                           Log storage areas have
        The current site has a paved
                                           been reconfigured and more
        area of 38 hectares, and a
                                           than 200 ‘book ends’
        further 10 hectares to the
                                           installed to increase the
        south-west of the site is being
                                           maximum allowable height
        progressively developed in a
                                           of stacked logs.
        $20 million project over five to
        seven years.                       New berth allocation
                                           procedures will provide greater
        Northport already has resource
                                           flexibility as cargoes become
        consent to increase overall
                                           more diverse.
        capacity from 48 to more than
        50 hectares, and increase          In September 2015, Northport
        berth length from 570 to 840       took delivery of its first
        metres. There is potential (not    $5 million mobile harbour
        yet consented) to increase the     crane to handle container ship
        port’s footprint to 73 hectares    servicing, as well as bulk and
        and 1,370 metres of berth.         break bulk goods.




                                              Port of Tauranga Limited              37
            QUALITY
            MARSHALLING
             “Our future is in specialist logistics operations.
             We’re lean and agile and we’re in a great
             position for future growth.”

 Our
 Partners
             Quality Marshalling’s new           operating performance, using
             strategic direction has resulted    20% less fuel, and ensure
             in the divestment of its forestry   customers benefit from the
             operations at Northport, Red        very latest technology.
             Stag sawmill near Rotorua
                                                 Quality Marshalling operates the
             and Napier.
                                                 rail exchange at the Tauranga
             General Manager Shayne              Container Terminal, and runs
             Jenkins says the consolidation      the dedicated kiwifruit truck
             has helped Quality Marshalling      exchange during the export
             improve profitability and secure    season. The company also
             new, niche cargo contracts          operates the mobile harbour
             utilising its systems, machinery    cranes and container handling
             and customer service focus.         services at the Timaru Container
                                                 Terminal, including receiving
             In December 2015, the company
                                                 cargo and loading vessels.
             won a contract to handle cement
             cargo at Holcim’s new facility at   Shayne says Quality Marshalling
             PrimePort Timaru.                   will work closely with customers
                                                 on customised logistics solutions
             It also expanded its container
                                                 and will bid for service contracts
             handling services, with the
                                                 as they become available.
             addition of new Kalmar reach
             stackers at both Tauranga and       “We’re in a great space to
             Timaru container terminals.         respond to increased cargo with
             Quality Marshalling is the first    the arrival of larger vessels in
             company in the Southern             New Zealand,” he says.
             Hemisphere to operate new
             “G” series container reach
             stackers. They offer improved




38           Port of Tauranga Limited
Shayne Jenkins - General Manager



                               39
 Scott Brownlee - Chief Executive



40
        CODA
        GROUP
“Separately, we could offer some of the solution.
By working together, we can provide customers
with a much broader service offering and that’s
got the market excited.”


                                                                                     Our
                                                                                 Partners
        Coda Group has created               up and down the North Island
        one of New Zealand’s                 and this will ultimately provide
        largest intermodal freight           value to everyone in the supply
        hubs in Auckland that will           chain,” he says.
        consolidate export, import
                                             Despite these exciting steps
        and domestic cargo.
                                             forward, the year was marred
        By 2017, the facility at Savill      by the tragic workplace
        Drive in Otahuhu, will move the      accident in which a Priority
        equivalent of 8,000 truckloads       Logistics employee lost his life.
        of cargo on rail services and        Our thoughts and condolences
        save 4,000 tonnes of carbon          are again extended to the
        a year.                              family. Scott says his colleagues
                                             and the wider port community
        Coda Group Chief Executive
                                             are still devastated by his
        Scott Brownlee says linking
                                             death, but remain committed
        Savill Drive to the rail network
                                             to ensure Coda is a safe place
        is a significant milestone for
                                             to work.
        Coda in the development of a
        more integrated and efficient        Coda Group was formed
        land transport network in the        by integrating four
        North Island. Intermodal hubs        complementary logistics
        are an important part of the         businesses: Port of Tauranga’s
        solution needed to service the       Tapper Transport, Priority
        larger ships that will soon visit,   Logistics, MetroPack and
        he says.                             a shareholding in MetroBox,
                                             plus Kotahi’s Dairy
        “By working together with our
                                             Transport Logistics.
        customers and partners, we
        can better balance freight flows




                                                Port of Tauranga Limited                41
            TIMARU
            CONTAINER
            TERMINAL
             “It’s been a solid year. With the opening of
             MetroPort Christchurch, the connections are
             now all in place and we can build on the
 Our
 Partners    networks we’ve created.”



             Timaru Container Terminal has        John says productivity was
             broken all previous records for      boosted by the commissioning
             container numbers handled at         in December 2015 of a new
             the port, just over two years        $6.5 million Liebherr mobile
             since Port of Tauranga took over     harbour crane. The terminal’s
             the operation.                       two older cranes have also
                                                  been refurbished.
             The terminal handled more
             than 84,400 TEUs in the year         The company has created two
             to 30 June 2016, more than           new fulltime roles to cater for
             quadrupling container volumes        the expansion.
             since 2014.
                                                  John says the loss of the weekly
             The increased volume                 Pacifica coastal shipping
             was partly attributable to           service between Timaru and
             the opening of MetroPort             Tauranga at the end of 2015 was
             Christchurch in August 2015.         a blow. But he is hopeful that a
                                                  replacement service will soon
             The inland freight hub at
                                                  be possible.
             Rolleston, 12 kilometres south
             of Christchurch, is connected        “We’ve got strong interest
             by rail to Timaru and is available   from local manufacturers and
             to importers and exporters for       producers, to utilise Timaru so
             freight consolidation.               there is great potential to grow
                                                  our terminal” says John.
             Timaru Container Terminal
             Manager John Bromley says            “That pressure will lead to
             some shippers have already           increased services over time.”
             achieved much faster Australia-
             Christchurch transit times by
             utilising the hub.




42           Port of Tauranga Limited
John Bromley - Terminal Manager



                              43
 Phil Melhopt - Chief Executive



44
        PRIMEPORT
        TIMARU
“PrimePort has acquired more space to
grow with the purchase of a strategically
located piece of land.”
                                                                                   Our
                                                                               Partners


        Timaru’s new Holcim cement         $8.1 million purchase of a
        facility has opened at PrimePort   2.1 hectare property in Hayes
        as the company continues           Street that has a private rail
        to expand.                         siding and runs parallel with the
                                           KiwiRail yard.
        Holcim constructed a new
        cement silo and PrimePort          “It gives us more space to grow
        upgraded its number two wharf      and expand,” says Phil.
        for the $50 million facility.
                                           The company has a major
        Around 20 import bulk vessels
                                           focus on infrastructure
        are expected to call each year.
                                           renewals and repairs, and has
        The cement terminal’s              recently upgraded security
        opening in December 2015           across its premises.
        was a highlight for the port
                                           “We’re spending significant
        company, which had a
                                           sums to ensure we can deliver
        profitable year despite a
                                           quality services as the port
        dairy industry downturn.
                                           continues to grow,” says Phil.
        Chief Executive Phil Melhopt
                                           The port has ordered a new
        says PrimePort managed to
                                           $2.4 million pilot launch to
        reduce expenses and its diverse
                                           replace the 38-year-old Ohau.
        income base has allowed it to
                                           It will be delivered next July.
        cope with the reduction in dairy
        farm related imports.              The company has also
                                           completed a 30-metre
        The port saw a strong
                                           extension to the breakwater,
        performance in the export
                                           further protecting the harbour.
        log trade.
        PrimePort made a strategic
        land acquisition with the




                                              Port of Tauranga Limited                45
          OUR
          PEOPLE
 Our               Our people make Port of Tauranga the
 People            success it is today. We have a small
                   but highly-skilled team, with experienced
                   employees that have worked here for
                   decades mentoring younger staff members,
                   harnessing their energy and ideas.




46        Port of Tauranga Limited
46-53
48	Jess Barnes - Assistant Accountant
50 Lyall Reid - Operations Supervisor
52	Alan Kirkpatrick - Rail & Road Services
    Supervisor




                                              47
48
JESS
BARNES                                                                           Our
                                                                               People
Assistant Accountant



        “I love the variety of work and really getting to
        know the business from the inside. It’s a great
        perspective.”

        Jess Barnes grew up on a dairy     However, her sporting career
        farm in Dannevirke, a long way     has had to take a bit of a back
        from the sea. She’s now working    seat to her day job in recent
        at the other end of the supply     times. Jess has just completed
        chain, seeing dairy exports        her chartered accountants’
        departing Port of Tauranga from    qualification, involving three
        her harbourside office.            years of study.
        Jess, who is twenty-five           It’s time to get back on the bike
        years old, was appointed           now – literally – to prepare
        Port of Tauranga’s Assistant       for the Port of Tauranga Half
        Accountant nearly two              multisport event in January
        years ago. She is responsible      2017, when Jess will compete
        for monthly reporting,             as part of a Company team.
        preparing accounts and
                                           “I’m very competitive and I
        implementing projects.
                                           can’t say no to a challenge, so
        “It’s a fascinating place to       it is inevitable that I’d end up
        work,” she says.                   doing it.”
        Living in the Bay of Plenty has
        fostered Jess’ love of the great
        outdoors and a multitude of
        sports. She has played for the
        Bay of Plenty women’s sevens
        rugby team.


                                              Port of Tauranga Limited              49
          LYALL
 Our
 People
          REID
          Operations Supervisor



                   Lyall Reid has worked on the Port’s frontline
                   for more than 30 years so knows its operations
                   inside out. Even he has had to learn a few new
                   tricks though, with the introduction of new
                   health and safety regulations.

                    Lyall is one of two Operations       “We have to be on top of our
                    Supervisors, ensuring visiting       game at all times,” he says.
                    vessels are serviced 24-hours,
                                                         The imminent arrival of
                    seven-days a week.
                                                         much larger vessels such as
                    With colleague Kevin Merrie,         the 9,500 TEU (twenty foot
                    he assigns one of three work         equivalent units) vessel
                    crews to tie up ships, provide       being introduced by Maersk
                    water supplies and telephone         in October 2016, and the
                    connections, and supply              4,900 passenger cruise ship
                    hoppers and other equipment.         Ovation of the Seas arriving
                                                         next summer, will present their
                    They are the link between their
                                                         own logistical challenges.
                    teams, the Port’s Customer
                    Service Centre, and ship Pilots      “We’ve done a lot of planning
                    guiding vessel movements in          to ensure we’ve got the
                    the harbour.                         support services we need to
                                                         handle such large numbers of
                    It’s a job with risks that have to
                                                         passengers and big amounts of
                    be managed and Lyall says new
                                                         cargo,” says Lyall.
                    safety practices and equipment
                    are helping.




50        Port of Tauranga Limited
51
52
ALAN
KIRKPATRICK                                                                     Our
                                                                              People
Rail & Road Services Supervisor



       “I like setting a target and achieving it –
       whether it’s at work or on the weekend. It’s good
       to get outside your comfort zone.”

       Alan Kirkpatrick jumped ship       Developments over the past
       to Port of Tauranga more           year, including a new northern
       than two years ago after a         truck exchange, have reduced
       decade working on site as          truck waiting times and
       a government-appointed             enhanced efficiency.
       Biosecurity Officer.
                                          “We’re always striving to
       His knowledge of the ins and       make sure we are making the
       outs of port operations helped     most of what we’ve got in both
       him quickly settle into his        machinery and manpower,”
       role as Rail & Road Services       says Alan.
       Supervisor at the Tauranga
                                          That drive also fuels a bit
       Container Terminal. His team
                                          of friendly rivalry off site,
       is on duty around the clock,
                                          with Alan and his co-workers
       managing the receival and
                                          challenging their Mount
       dispatch of containers via
                                          Maunganui counterparts to
       truck and train and matching
                                          compete in the Port of
       terminal resources to need.
                                          Tauranga Half.
       “When I started we had about
                                          “It’s more social than
       56 trains a week. We will soon
                                          competitive, but it’s good to set
       reach 78 trains a week, just on
                                          those little goals all the time.”
       the MetroPort line to Auckland,”
       says Alan. “It’s certainly an
       exciting place to be.”


                                             Port of Tauranga Limited              53
                      OUR
                      SUSTAINABLE
                      FUTURE
     Sustainability            Port of Tauranga is a business leader in
                               the Bay of Plenty and wider New Zealand
                               economy. We have a responsibility as
                               kaitiaki of our harbour and our people.




54                    Port of Tauranga Limited
54-65
56   Working Space
58   Safe Space
60   Community Space
64   Green and Blue Space




                            55
                             WORKING
                             SPACE
                                      The Company employs a total        This attitude is reflected in
                                      of 194 permanent staff. Nearly     our staff turnover, which in
     Sustainability                   a quarter have been with the       2015/2016 was again very low
                                      Company for more than              at only 2.5%.
                                      25 years. At the other end of
                                                                         Around 18% of the team are
                                      the scale, 36% have less than
                                                                         women and, of these, more
                                      five years’ service, giving a
                                                                         than 30% are employed in
                                      balance of experience and
                                                                         operational roles.
                                      fresh ideas.
                                      Our staff engagement survey
                                      showed a clearly majority are
                                      very satisfied with their jobs.
                                      Our people indicated they have
                                      a strong relationship with, and
                                      are proud to work for, the Port.
                                      They strongly identify with our
                                      ‘can do’ customer focus and
                                      high performance standards.


                                         DIVERSITY % TOTAL                                        DIVERSITY
                                       Female
                                                                                 Operations

                                                                             Administration

                                       Male                                    Management
                                                                                              0    30    60   90   120   150

 0      30   60   90   120    150                                                                 Female
                                                                                                  Male




56                           Port of Tauranga Limited
                                     Tauranga Container Terminal staff
                            performing an emergency evacuation exercise




           Port of Tauranga tug Sir Robert bringing a vessel alongside at
Tauranga Container Terminal whilst operational service team secures lines

                                                                        57
                      SAFE
                      SPACE
                               Port of Tauranga expects every     We are also encouraged
                               worker to go home healthy          by the continual flow of
                               and uninjured, every day. We       fresh ideas and new thinking.
                               have assisted our industry, our    Simple and effective
                               customers and our suppliers to     innovations – including
                               redefine the changing space of     modifications to equipment
     Sustainability            workplace health and safety.       and standard operational
                                                                  practices – have made our
                               The new Health and Safety
                                                                  work environment safer.
                               at Work Act and associated
                               regulations, introduced in 2016,   The total recordable injury
                               cemented Port of Tauranga’s        frequency rate (TRIFR) reduced
                               existing ways of working,          62% to 5.6*. Property damage
                               collaborating, consulting          decreased by 72%.
                               and communicating as best
                                                                  These results are testament
                               practice. We have taken a
                                                                  to the commitment of Port
                               leading role in the port sector
                                                                  of Tauranga employees to
                               and participated in a range of
                                                                  this core aspect of our daily
                               industry and agency working
                                                                  operations. This was reflected
                               and advisory groups nationally,
                                                                  in high engagement scores in
                               including the Stevedores and
                                                                  the health and safety section of
                               Ports Association.
                                                                  our recent employee survey.
                               Our focus on proactive             It’s clear that health and safety
                               operational health and safety,     has become integral to the way
                               and in particular, dynamic risk    we operate.
                               management, has resulted
                               in a significant and satisfying
                               increase in key lead indicator       TOTAL RECORDABLE INJURY FREQUENCY
                               metrics. For example                 RATE (TRIFR)*
                               safety-related observations
                               increased 154%, indicating a
                               heightened awareness across        2012/13
                               our operations.
                                                                  2013/14

                                                                  2014/15

                                                                  2015/16

                                                                            0    5 10 15 20 25 30 35 40

                                                                  *Number of lost time claims per million hours worked




58                    Port of Tauranga Limited
Pat Kirk, Group Health & Safety Manager working
with Mike Macartney, Straddle Driver/Trainer
                                                  59
                      COMMUNITY
                      SPACE
                               Cruise ship passengers            The Company sponsors the
                               contributed an estimated          rescue winch aboard the
                               $40 million to the Bay of         chopper, which flew 134
     Sustainability
                               Plenty economy in 2015/2016,      emergency missions during
                               with visitors increasing 7% to    the year. The rescue winch
                               160,425. In the coming summer,    was used seven times to
                               the new mega cruise ship          save injured, lost or stranded
                               Ovation of the Seas will call     trampers, hunters and
                               three times, bringing around      rafters. The winch is also used
                               4,900 passengers and 1,500        frequently for training. In the
                               crew members to Tauranga          past year, the winch was used
                               each visit, and providing an      more than 100 times in 15
                               attraction for local residents.   training sessions.
                               Port of Tauranga has renewed
                               its sponsorship deal in support
                               of the Trustpower TECT
                               Rescue Helicopter for another
                               three years.




60                    Port of Tauranga Limited
                      Cruise Ship




Trustpower TECT Rescue Helicopter

                                61
                                                                                                 In education, Turirangi Te Kani Memorial
                                                                                                 Scholarships have been awarded annually
                                                                                                 by the Port for 26 years. Five young tertiary
                                                                         Delwynne Hahunga        students received funds in the past year
                                                                   Child Cancer presentation     in honour of one of Tauranga’s leading
                                                                                                 community figures.
                                                                                                 An additional three tertiary scholarships
                                                                                                 were granted this year by the Ngā Mātarae
                                                                                                 Charitable Trust, of which the Port is a
                                                   During the year, Port of Tauranga supported
                                                                                                 member. The Trust also funded a pipi
                                                   the Coast Guard, local schools, sports
                                                                                                 enhancement project in the harbour
                                                   clubs and teams, individual athletes and
                                                                                                 involving local schools.
                                                   other causes.
                                                   Three other local charities benefited
                                                   from the philanthropic efforts of Port
                   Photographer: Andrius Ramonas   of Tauranga’s staff members, with their
                                                   fundraising supporting the National Heart
                            Braden Currie          Foundation, the Breast Cancer Foundation
                     2016 Port Half winner         and – through the annual fishing
                                                   tournament – the Waipuna Hospice.



 The Port of Tauranga Half is now in its
 28th year and is one of the longest running
 and most popular triathlon events in                                                                                           Jordan Hart
 New Zealand, attracting elite athletes                                                                                Electrical Apprentice
 and enthusiastic amateurs. Port of
 Tauranga has been the naming rights
 sponsor since 1991 and is proud of the
 many individuals and team competitors                                                           Through our partnership with Waiariki
 from the port community.                                                                        Bay of Plenty Polytechnic, a young logistics
                                                                                                 student was again taken on as a cadet for
                                                           Marine Reach vessel Pacific Hope
                                                                                                 the year and provided with work experience
                                                                                                 at the Tauranga Container Terminal which
                                                                                                 assists them both with their studies and
                                                                                                 financially. In the four years we have had
                                          Another organisation supported by the Port             the partnership in place, five students have
                                          is Marine Reach, which specialises in taking           successfully completed the programme,
                                          medical teams to remote, inaccessible                  with some having chosen to stay on in a
                                          islands of the South Pacific. In the past two          casual capacity.
                                          decades, Marine Reach has provided more                Two apprentices are currently learning
                                          than 450,000 people with free medical                  their trade at the Port - one in the
                                          services – restoring sight through cataract            electrical team, the other in the
                                          surgeries, prescribing glasses and giving              mechanical workshop.
                    Foodbank presentation
                                          dental treatment.
                                                   Port of Tauranga has supported Marine
                                                   Reach for many years, supplying free tugs,
                                                   pilots and wharf spaces for its vessels,
 In what has become an annual tradition,
                                                   as well as hosting the launch of its latest
 the Company made a donation to the
                                                   vessel Pacific Hope in 2015.
 Tauranga Community Foodbank in lieu of
 Christmas gifts to our customers. The Child
 Cancer Foundation also received a donation
 this year.

62                       Port of Tauranga Limited
COMMUNITY
SPACE

                   DONATIONS
Health & General
Community                         Rescue Services




Sport (teams &
individuals)                                        Sustainability
                                       Schools &
                                     Pre-schools



Child Cancer
                                  Staff Donations




Cure Kids                      Tauranga Foodbank




         COMMUNITY SPONSORSHIP
Education                                    Arts




Sports
                                        Business




Community




                                                                 63
                              GREEN AND
                              BLUE SPACE
                                        Port of Tauranga’s                        Another 13 new straddle carriers
                                        environmental practices and               have just been delivered to the
                                        performance are the focus of              Port, allowing older, less efficient
                                        a continuous improvement                  straddles to be retired.
                                        programme. A major
                                                                                  The Port has also been working
                                        accomplishment in the past
                                                                                  with KiwiRail to increase the
                                        year has been the successful
     Sustainability                                                               volume of cargo moved by rail.
                                        project to deepen and widen
                                                                                  Together, we have removed
                                        the Tauranga harbour
                                                                                  460,000 truck movements from
                                        shipping channels, utilising
                                                                                  roads in the last year, saving 21.3
                                        the latest in environmental
                                                                                  million litres of fuel and nearly
                                        protection measures.
                                                                                  58,000 tonnes of CO2 emissions.
                                        Port of Tauranga’s 24-hour,
                                                                                  Port of Tauranga continues
                                        seven-day monitoring of water
                                                                                  to seek innovative ways to
                                        quality ensured high standards
                                                                                  better manage cargoes to
                                        and compliance throughout
                                                                                  avoid environmental impact.
                                        the harbour dredging project,
                                                                                  One example is the cover used
                                        which is due for completion in
                                                                                  between the wharf and the ship
                                        August 2016.
                                                                                  when unloading bulk cargoes,
                                        Meanwhile, Port of Tauranga is            to prevent cargo accidentally
                                        gradually converting its fleet of         escaping into the tide. Trials are
                                        container straddle carriers to            underway on a new, permanent
                                        diesel-electric power, resulting in       cover arrangement to avoid
                                        a drop in diesel consumption of           potential mishaps.
                                        nearly 30% to date.




 Annualised savings from utilising the freight rail network:


                                                                                                                                  CO2


               1.5B                    =           458,388                             + 21.3M + 57,923
        Net Tonne Kilometres (NTK's)          Reduced heavy vehicle road impact                  Fuel savings (L)        CO2 emission savings (T)




64                            Port of Tauranga Limited
Straddle Carrier

               65
          FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS
 Annual
 Report
 2016              For the Year Ended 30 June 2016:
                   Port of Tauranga Limited and Subsidiaries




66        Port of Tauranga Limited
66-116
68  Report of Directors to Shareholders
69  Independent Auditor's Report
70  Consolidated Income Statement
71  Consolidated Statement of
    Comprehensive Income
72 Consolidated Statement of Changes
    in Equity
73 Consolidated Statement of
    Financial Position
74 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
75 Reconciliation of Profit After Taxation to
    Cash Flows from Operating Activities
76 Notes to the Consolidated
    Financial Statements
104 Corporate Governance Statement
110 Statutory Information
115 Financial and Operational Five
    Year Summary
116 Company Directory



                                                67
 Report of Directors to Shareholders
 For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited



 Your Directors take pleasure in presenting their Annual Report         RESULTS
 including the financial statements of the Company and its
                                                                        Underlying surplus after tax for the year was $77.314 million
 subsidiaries for the year ended 30 June 2016.
                                                                        (2015: $79.007 million).
 The report includes all information required to be disclosed under
                                                                        Equity of the Group at year end totalled $885.684 million,
 the Companies Act 1993 and by NZX.
                                                                        compared with the 2015 year end total of $887.550 million.
                                                                        Total net interest bearing debt at year end was $308.420 million,
                                                                        compared with $287.379 million in 2015.
 ACTIVITIES
 The Company operates a port located at Tauranga with an
 inland port located in Auckland (MetroPort). The main activities
 undertaken are:                                                        DIVIDENDS
                                                                        An interim dividend on shares of 23.0 cents per share was paid
 •       wharf facilities;
                                                                        during the year.
 •       back up land for the storage and transit of import and
         export cargo;                                                  Directors have approved a final dividend of 30.0 cents per share
 •       berthage;                                                      and a special dividend of 25.0 cents per share. The final dividend
 •       cranes;                                                        will be paid on Friday 7 October 2016 to all shareholders on
 •       tug and pilotage services for exporters, importers and         the Company’s register at the close of business on Friday 23
         shipping companies;                                            September 2016. A solvency certificate has been completed in
 •       leasing of land and buildings; and                             support of the dividend resolution.
 •       a container terminal.
                                                                        All dividends are fully imputed. Non resident shareholders will
 On 28 July 2000 Port of Tauranga entered a joint venture with          receive an additional amount under the foreign investor tax credit
 Northland Port Corporation (NZ) Limited (now Marsden Maritime          regime in lieu of imputation credits.
 Holdings Limited) to operate a port at Marsden Point which trades
 as Northport Limited.
 Northport Limited has formed a 50:50 venture company (North
 Tugz Limited) with Ports of Auckland Limited to undertake towage       DIRECTORS
 operations within the Whangarei harbour, in particular, providing      Messrs Baylis and Ellis are retiring by rotation and are seeking
 marine services at Marsden Point.                                      re-election, at the Annual Meeting on Thursday 20 October 2016.
 Port of Tauranga purchased 100% of Quality Marshalling (Mount
 Maunganui) Limited on 31 January 2013. Quality Marshalling sold
 its log marshalling activities in May 2016. It provides container
 terminal services at Timaru and operates the rail siding at the        AUDITORS
 Tauranga Terminal.                                                     Under section 19 of the Port Companies Act 1988, the Audit
 On 29 November 2013 Port of Tauranga Limited purchased a 50%           Office is the Auditor of the Company. The Audit Office has
 shareholding in PrimePort Timaru Limited. PrimePort operates the       appointed, pursuant to section 32 of the Public Audit Act 2001,
 bulk port and marine fleet, as well as leases the container terminal   the firm of KPMG to undertake the audit on its behalf.
 to Timaru Container Terminal Limited.                                  The amount paid as audit fees and for other services provided by
 On 29 November 2013 Port of Tauranga Limited acquired a                the Auditors is set out in the accounts.
 100% shareholding in Timaru Container Terminal Limited, a newly        For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
 formed company that leases and operates the container terminal
 at PrimePort Timaru and an inland port at Rolleston. On 1 August
 2014 Port of Tauranga Limited sold 49.9% of its shareholding in
 Timaru Container Terminal Limited to Kotahi.
 On 27 May 2014 PortConnect Limited, a 50:50 joint venture              ……………………………………………….......................................
 company with Ports of Auckland Limited, was set up to operate
 an online cargo management system, connecting ports to their           Chair
 logistics companies.
 On 1 May 2015 Port of Tauranga Limited formed a 50:50 joint
 venture named the Coda Group Limited Partnership (Coda                 ……………………………………………….......................................
 Group) with freight and logistics management company Kotahi
 Limited Partnership (Kotahi). Port of Tauranga Limited contributed     Director
 the assets of Tapper Transport, MetroPack and their 37.5%              18 August 2016
 shareholding in MetroBox. The joint venture is designed to create
 leaner, more efficient pathways to and from distribution centres
 and key New Zealand ports. The Coda Group comprises two
 operating subsidiaries, Coda Services Limited Partnership
 (Coda Services) and Coda Operations Limited Partnership
 (Coda Operations).




68
                                      Independent Auditor's Report
                       TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED GROUP
                    REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016

The Auditor-General is the auditor of Port of Tauranga Limited          An audit also involves evaluating:
Group (the Group). The Auditor-General has appointed me,
Glenn Keaney, using the staff and resources of KPMG, to carry           •       the appropriateness of accounting policies used and
out the audit of the consolidated financial statements (the financial           whether they have been consistently applied;
statements) of the Group consisting of Port of Tauranga Limited         •       the reasonableness of the significant accounting estimates
and its subsidiaries and other controlled entities, on her behalf.              and judgements made by the Board of Directors;
                                                                        •       the adequacy of the disclosures in the financial statements;
                                                                                and
                                                                        •       the overall presentation of the financial statements.

OPINION                                                                 We did not examine every transaction, nor do we guarantee
                                                                        complete accuracy of the financial statements. Also, we did not
We have audited the financial statements of the Group on pages
                                                                        evaluate the security and controls over the electronic publication
70 to 103, that comprise the statement of financial position as at
                                                                        of the financial statements.
30 June 2016, the income statement, statement of comprehensive
income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash            We believe we have obtained sufficient and appropriate audit
flows for the year ended on that date and the notes to the financial    evidence to provide a basis for our audit opinion.
statements that include accounting policies and other explanatory
information.
In our opinion, the financial statements of the Group:
                                                                        RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
•        present fairly, in all material respects:
                                                                        The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation and fair
         ºº      its financial position as at 30 June 2016; and
                                                                        presentation of financial statements for the Group that comply
         ºº      its financial performance and cash flows for the
                                                                        with generally accepted accounting practice in New Zealand.
                  year then ended; and
•       comply with generally accepted accounting practice             The Board of Directors’ responsibilities arise from the Port
         in New Zealand in accordance with New Zealand                  Companies Act 1988 and the Financial Markets Conduct
         equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards.    Act 2013.
Our audit was completed on 18 August 2016. This is the date at          The Board of Directors is also responsible for such internal control
which our opinion is expressed.                                         as it determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
                                                                        statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
The basis of our opinion is explained below. In addition, we
                                                                        to fraud or error. The Board of Directors is also responsible for
outline the responsibilities of the Board of Directors and our
                                                                        the publication of the financial statements, whether in printed or
responsibilities, and explain our independence.
                                                                        electronic form.



BASIS OF OPINION
                                                                        RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE AUDITOR
We carried out our audit in accordance with the Auditor-General’s
                                                                        We are responsible for expressing an independent opinion on the
Auditing Standards, which incorporate the International Standards
                                                                        financial statements and reporting that opinion to you based on
on Auditing (New Zealand). Those standards require that we
                                                                        our audit. Our responsibility arises from the Public Audit Act 2001.
comply with ethical requirements and plan and carry out our
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free from material misstatement.
Material misstatements are differences or omissions of amounts          INDEPENDENCE
and disclosures that, in our judgement, are likely to influence
shareholders’ overall understanding of the financial statements.        When carrying out the audit we followed the independence
If we had found material misstatements that were not corrected,         requirements of the Auditor-General, which incorporate the
we would have referred to them in our opinion.                          independence requirements of the External Reporting Board.

An audit involves carrying out procedures to obtain audit evidence      In addition to the audit we have carried out assignments in the
about the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.          area of security assessment which are compatible with those
The procedures selected depend on our judgement, including              independence requirements. Other than this assignment, we
our assessment of risks of material misstatement of the financial       have no relationship with or interests in the Group.
statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those
risk assessments, we consider internal control relevant to the
preparation of the Group’s financial statements in order to design
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
the Group’s internal control.                                           Glenn Keaney
                                                                        KPMG
                                                                        On behalf of the Auditor-General
                                                                        Tauranga, New Zealand




                                                                                                                                               69
 Consolidated Income Statement
 For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited and Subsidiaries



                                                                                                                                  2016              2015
                                                                                                                Note            NZ$000            NZ$000


 Total operating revenue                                                                                          5             245,521           268,460


 Contracted services for port operations                                                                                         (52,700)          (45,159)
 Contracted services for transport operations                                                                                          0               (6,648)
 Employee benefit expenses                                                                                        6              (32,101)          (42,662)
 Direct fuel and power expenses                                                                                                   (6,995)          (10,032)
 Maintenance of property, plant and equipment                                                                                    (10,021)          (15,026)
 Other expenses                                                                                                                  (13,961)          (16,441)
 Operating expenses                                                                                                            (115,778)          (135,968)
 Results from operating activities                                                                                              129,743           132,492


 Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                 11, 13            (23,722)          (23,238)
 Reversal of impairment/(impairment) of property, plant and equipment                                                                (30)                160
 Impairment of property, plant and equipment on revaluation                                                       3                    0               (1,876)
                                                                                                                                 (23,752)          (24,954)


 Operating profit before finance costs and taxation                                                                             105,991           107,538


 Finance income                                                                                                   8                 666                2,259
 Finance expenses                                                                                                 8              (17,006)          (17,092)
 Net finance costs                                                                                                8              (16,340)          (14,833)


 Share of profit from Equity Accounted Investees                                                                 15              13,437            10,298
 Net gain on disposal of investments                                                                              3                    0               8,609
 Impairment of goodwill                                                                                         3, 13                  0               (6,221)
                                                                                                                                 13,437            12,686


 Profit before income tax                                                                                                       103,088           105,391
 Income tax expense                                                                                               9              (25,774)          (26,243)
 Profit for the period                                                                                                           77,314            79,148


 Basic and diluted earnings per share (cents)                                                                    18                 56.8                58.2

 Supplementary (Non Statutory) Disclosure
 Underlying Profit After Tax

 Underlying profit after tax is presented to allow readers to make a more meaningful comparison of the Group’s profit after removing one-off and non
 operational items.

     Underlying profit after tax                                                                                  3              77,314            79,007
     Underlying earnings per share (cents)                                                                       18                 56.8                58.1




 These statements are to be read in conjunction with the notes on pages 76 to 103.



70
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited and Subsidiaries



                                                                                            2016       2015
                                                                                          NZ$000     NZ$000


Profit for the period                                                                     77,314      79,148


Other comprehensive income
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
  Cash flow hedge – changes in fair value*                                                 (9,198)    (4,584)
  Cash flow hedge – reclassified to profit or loss*                                        2,126       1,624
  Changes in cash flow hedges transferred to property, plant and equipment, net of tax*     (452)       461
  Share of net change in cash flow hedge reserves of Equity Accounted Investees             (395)       (269)


Items that will never be reclassified to profit or loss:
  Impairment of property, plant and equipment taken to revaluation reserve, net of tax      (459)          0
  Asset revaluation, net of tax*                                                                0     67,587
  Share of net change in revaluation reserve of Equity Accounted Investees                    (57)      (328)
Total other comprehensive income                                                           (8,435)    64,491
Total comprehensive income                                                                68,879     143,639

*Net of tax effect as disclosed in notes 9 and 10.




These statements are to be read in conjunction with the notes on pages 76 to 103.



                                                                                                                71
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
 For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited and Subsidiaries



                                                                    Share Based
                                                         Share         Payment       Hedging    Revaluation   Retained      Total
                                                        Capital         Reserve      Reserve       Reserve    Earnings     Equity
                                                       NZ$000           NZ$000       NZ$000        NZ$000      NZ$000     NZ$000


 Balance at 30 June 2014                                68,397                  0     (3,686)      598,897    148,811     812,419


 Profit for the period                                        0                 0          0             0     79,148      79,148
 Other comprehensive income                                   0                 0     (2,768)       67,259           0     64,491
 Total comprehensive income                                   0                 0     (2,768)       67,259     79,148     143,639


 Increase/(decrease) in share capital                      (130)                0          0             0           0       (130)
 Dividends paid during the period
 (refer to note 17)                                           0                 0          0             0     (69,419)   (69,419)
 Equity settled share based payment accrual                   0            1,041           0             0           0      1,041
 Total transactions with owners in their
 capacity as owners                                        (130)           1,041           0             0     (69,419)   (68,508)
 Balance at 30 June 2015                                68,267             1,041      (6,454)      666,156    158,540     887,550


 Profit for the period                                        0                 0          0             0     77,314      77,314
 Other comprehensive income                                   0                 0     (7,919)         (516)          0     (8,435)
 Total comprehensive income                                   0                 0     (7,919)         (516)    77,314      68,879


 Increase/(decrease) in share capital                        (5)                0          0             0           0         (5)
 Dividends paid during the period
 (refer to note 17)                                           0                 0          0             0     (72,142)   (72,142)
 Equity settled share based payment accrual                   0            1,402           0             0           0      1,402
 Total transactions with owners in their
 capacity as owners                                          (5)           1,402           0             0     (72,142)   (70,745)
 Balance at 30 June 2016                                68,262             2,443     (14,373)      665,640    163,712     885,684




 These statements are to be read in conjunction with the notes on pages 76 to 103.



72
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited and Subsidiaries



                                                                                                                                                                 2016         2015
                                                                                                                                                       Note    NZ$000       NZ$000


Assets
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                          11     1,127,386    1,097,401
Intangible assets                                                                                                                                      13       18,426       21,357
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                       20             0         280
Investments in Equity Accounted Investees                                                                                                              15      123,290      118,972
Receivables                                                                                                                                                         46             0
Total non current assets                                                                                                                                      1,269,148    1,238,010


Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                       11,580       17,918
Receivables and prepayments                                                                                                                            16       41,546       39,489
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                       20             0       1,066
Inventories                                                                                                                                                         93          535
Total current assets                                                                                                                                            53,219       59,008
Total assets                                                                                                                                                  1,322,367    1,297,018


Equity                                                                                                                                                 17
Share capital                                                                                                                                                   68,262       68,267
Share based payment reserve                                                                                                                                      2,443        1,041
Hedging reserve                                                                                                                                                 (14,373)      (6,454)
Revaluation reserve                                                                                                                                            665,640      666,156
Retained earnings                                                                                                                                              163,712      158,540
Total equity attributable to owners of the Parent Company                                                                                                      885,684      887,550
Total equity                                                                                                                                                   885,684      887,550


Liabilities
Loans and borrowings                                                                                                                                   19      130,200      125,065
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                       20       17,063        8,384
Provisions                                                                                                                                             23        1,627        1,607
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                               10       55,408       60,357
Total non current liabilities                                                                                                                                  204,298      195,413


Loans and borrowings                                                                                                                                   19      190,000      180,297
Deferred consideration                                                                                                                                                0         500
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                       20        1,438          977
Trade and other payables                                                                                                                               22       30,107       20,242
Provisions                                                                                                                                             23        2,293        2,120
Income tax payable                                                                                                                                               8,547        9,919
Total current liabilities                                                                                                                                      232,385      214,055
Total liabilities                                                                                                                                              436,683      409,468
Total equity and liabilities                                                                                                                                  1,322,367    1,297,018
Net tangible assets per share (dollars per share)                                                                                                                  6.37         6.36

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors who authorised these financial statements for issue on 18 August 2016.




........................................................................   .........................................................................

Chair                                                                      Director




These statements are to be read in conjunction with the notes on pages 76 to 103.



                                                                                                                                                                                        73
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
 For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited and Subsidiaries



                                                                                                         2016        2015
                                                                                                Note   NZ$000      NZ$000


 Cash flows from operating activities
 Receipts from customers                                                                               248,342     270,150
 Interest received                                                                                         666         740
 Payments to suppliers and employees                                                                   (115,737)   (135,470)
 Taxes paid                                                                                             (28,991)    (28,886)
 Interest paid                                                                                          (16,211)    (15,980)
 Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                              88,069      90,554


 Cash flows from investing activities
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                    11,040         512
 Proceeds from sale of marshalling operations (excluding property, plant and equipment)                   3,120           0
 Proceeds from disposal of Equity Accounted Investee                                                          0        167
 Finance lease payments received, including interest                                                          6      2,116
 Repayment of advances from Equity Accounted Investees                                          16         600            0
 Dividends from Equity Accounted Investees                                                      15        8,667      8,504
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                              (58,863)    (54,327)
 Purchase of computer software assets                                                           13         (434)       (196)
 Cash transferred to Coda Operations Limited Partnership on disposal of Subsidiary operations                 0        (929)
 Purchase of Equity Accounted Investees                                                                       0      (3,829)
 Interest capitalised on property, plant and equipment                                                     (933)       (350)
 Payments under finance leases, including interest                                                            0        (197)
 Advances to Equity Accounted Investee                                                                        0      (6,180)
 Payment of deferred and contingent consideration                                                          (500)          0
 Total net cash used in investing activities                                                            (37,297)    (54,709)


 Cash flows from financing activities
 Proceeds from borrowings                                                                               15,157      95,180
 Proceeds from close out of foreign exchange derivative                                                    222            0
 Dividends paid                                                                                         (72,142)    (69,419)
 Repayment of borrowings                                                                                      0     (45,000)
 Repurchase of shares in the Parent Company                                                                (347)       (248)
 Net cash used in financing activities                                                                  (57,110)    (19,487)


 Net (decrease)/increase in cash held                                                                    (6,338)    16,358
 Add opening cash brought forward                                                                       17,918       1,560
 Ending cash and cash equivalents                                                                       11,580      17,918




 These statements are to be read in conjunction with the notes on pages 76 to 103.



74
Reconciliation of Profit After Taxation to Cash Flows from Operating Activities
For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited and Subsidiaries



                                                                                                                              2016       2015
                                                                                                                     Note   NZ$000     NZ$000


Profit after taxation                                                                                                       77,314     79,148


Items classified as investing/financing activities:
  Finance lease interest revenue                                                                                      8          (2)      (258)
  Finance lease interest expense                                                                                                  0       101
  Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment                                                                       5        (495)       (95)
                                                                                                                               (497)      (252)


Add/(less) non cash items and non operating items:
  Depreciation                                                                                                       11     23,175     22,189
  Amortisation expense                                                                                               13        547      1,049
  Decrease in deferred taxation expense                                                                              10      (1,845)    (3,282)
  Ineffective portion of change in fair value of cash flow hedge                                                               180      (1,261)
  Effective portion of change in fair value of ineffective cash flow hedges taken to property, plant and equipment                0       640
  Additional provisions net of reversals                                                                                          0       (546)
  Share of surpluses retained by Equity Accounted Investees                                                          15     (13,437)   (10,277)
  Impairment of property, plant and equipment                                                                                   30        (160)
  Share based payment reserve                                                                                                1,402      1,041
  Impairment of property, plant and equipment on revaluation                                                                      0     1,876
  Net gain on disposal of investments                                                                                             0     (8,609)
  Impairment of goodwill                                                                                                          0     6,221
  Increase in impairment of trade receivables                                                                                     0        (29)
                                                                                                                            10,052      8,852


Add/(less) movements in working capital:
  Change in trade receivables and prepayments                                                                                (2,813)    (4,748)
  Change in inventories                                                                                                        444        473
  Change in income tax payable                                                                                               (1,375)      108
  Change in trade and other payables                                                                                         4,944      6,973
                                                                                                                             1,200      2,806
Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                                    88,069     90,554




These statements are to be read in conjunction with the notes on pages 76 to 103.



                                                                                                                                                  75
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited and Subsidiaries



     1      COMPANY INFORMATION
            Reporting Entity
            Port of Tauranga Limited (referred to as the Parent Company), is New Zealand’s largest port and natural freight gateway to and from international
            markets for many of New Zealand’s businesses. The Parent Company carries out business through the provision of wharf facilities, land and
            buildings, for the storage and transit of import and export cargo, berthage, cranes, tugs and pilot services for customers.

            Port of Tauranga Limited is the most integrated port in the country, as it holds investments in other New Zealand ports and logistic companies.

            The Parent Company is a company domiciled in New Zealand, and registered under the Companies Act 1993 and listed on the New Zealand Stock
            Exchange (NZX). The Parent Company is a Financial Markets Conduct (FMC) reporting entity for the purposes of the Financial Reporting Act 2013
            and Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013. The financial statements comply with these Acts.

            The financial statements of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2016 comprise the Parent Company and its Subsidiaries (together referred to as
            the Group) and the Group’s interest in Equity Accounted Investees.

            In accordance with the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013, where a reporting entity prepares consolidated financial statements, parent company
            disclosures are not required.




     2      BASIS OF PREPARATION
            Statement of Compliance and Basis of Preparation
            These financial statements comply with New Zealand Equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS), and other applicable
            Financial Reporting Standards, as appropriate for Tier 1 for-profit entities. They also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards.

            The financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis except for the following assets and liabilities which are stated at their fair value:
            derivative financial instruments, land, buildings, harbour improvements, and wharves and hardstanding.

            These financial statements are presented in New Zealand Dollars (NZ$), which is the Group’s functional currency. All financial information
            presented in New Zealand Dollars has been rounded to the nearest thousand.

            Significant accounting policies that are relevant to an understanding of the financial statements are provided throughout the notes to the
            financial statements.
            Accounting Estimates and Judgements
            The preparation of financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of
            accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

            Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which
            the estimate is revised and in any future periods affected.

            In particular, information about significant areas of estimation uncertainty and critical judgements in applying accounting policies that have a
            significant effect on the amount recognised in the financial statements, are detailed below:

            •        valuation of land, buildings, harbour improvements, and wharves and hardstanding (refer to note 11);
            •        assessment of control in relation to Equity Accounted Investees (refer to note 15);
            •        valuation of financial instruments (refer to note 21);
            •        impairment assessment of intangible assets (refer to note 13); and
            •        valuation of provisions (refer to note 23).
            Fair Value Hierarchy
            Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are classified according to the following levels:

            •        Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
            •        Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (prices)
                     or indirectly (derived from prices).
            •        Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
            New and Amended Accounting Standards Adopted
            The following new standard has been early adopted and applied in preparing these financial statements.

            •        Disclosure Initiative (Amendments to NZ IAS 1)
                     This standard was issued in February 2015, and applies for reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2016. The early adoption of
                     these amendments only affects the presentation and disclosure of the financial statements.

            •        NZ IFRS 15 Revenue From Contracts With Customers
                     This standard was issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) on 28 May 2014. The standard replaces NZ IAS
                     11 Construction Contracts, NZ IAS 18 Revenue, IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) 13 Customer Loyalty Programmes, IFRIC 15
                     Agreements for the Construction of Real Estate, IFRIC 18 Transfer of Assets from Customers and Standards Interpretations Committee (SIC)
                     31 Revenue – Barter Transactions Involving Advertising Services. The change has had no significant impact on the measurement of the
                     Group’s revenue.




76
2   BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)
    New Accounting Standards and Interpretations Not Yet Adopted
    The following standards and interpretations which are considered relevant to the Group but not yet effective for the year ended 30 June 2016 have
    not been applied in preparing these financial statements:

    •        NZ IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
             This standard becomes mandatory for the Group’s 2019 consolidated financial statements and could change the classification and
             measurement of financial assets. Management is currently in the process of evaluating the potential effect of the adoption of NZ IFRS 9.

    •        NZ IFRS 16 Leases
             This standard becomes mandatory for the Group’s 2020 consolidated financial statements and removes the classification of leases as either
             operating or finance leases for the lease, effectively treating all leases as finance leases. Management is currently in the process of evaluating
             the potential effect of the adoption of NZ IFRS 16.




3   UNDERLYING PROFIT AFTER TAX (NON STATUTORY DISCLOSURE)

                                                                                                                                   2016                2015
                                                                                                                                 NZ$000              NZ$000


    Profit after tax                                                                                                              77,314             79,148


    Disposal of investments                                                                                                             0             (8,609)


    Profit and loss impact of revaluation of property, plant and equipment
    Impairment of property, plant and equipment on revaluation                                                                          0              1,876
    Tax effect of impairment of property, plant and equipment on revaluation                                                            0               (297)
    Total                                                                                                                               0              1,579


    Impairment of goodwill
    Impairment of goodwill in Quality Marshalling (Mount Maunganui) Limited                                                             0              6,221
    Impairment of goodwill in MetroBox Limited                                                                                          0                668
    Total                                                                                                                               0              6,889
    Total underlying profit after tax                                                                                             77,314             79,007




4   SEGMENTAL REPORTING
    Operating Segments
    The Group determines and presents operating segments based on the information that is internally provided to the Chief Executive, who is the
    Group’s Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM).

    The Group operates in three primary reportable segments, being:

    •        Port Operations: This consists of providing and managing port services, and cargo handling facilities through the Port of Tauranga and
             MetroPort. The Port’s terminal and bulk operations have been aggregated together within the Port Operations Segment, due to the
             similarities in economic characteristics, customers, nature of products and processes, and risks.

    •        Property Services: This consists of managing and maintaining the Port’s property assets.
    •        Marshalling Services: This consists of the contracted terminal operations, stevedoring, marshalling and scaling activities of Quality
             Marshalling (Mount Maunganui) Limited (Quality Marshalling).

    The three primary business segments are managed separately as they provide different services to customers and have their own operational and
    marketing requirements.

    In 2015 the Group also operated an additional segment – Transport Services – which consisted of the road transport and freight handling activities,
    of Tapper Transport Limited, Tapper SIP Limited and MetroPack Limited. The operations of the Transport Services Segment were disposed of on
    1 May 2015.

    The remaining activities of the Group are not allocated to individual business segments. Due to the significant shared cost base of the Port,
    operating costs, measures of profitability, assets and liabilities are aggregated and are not reported to the CODM at a segmental level, but rather at
    a port level, as all business decisions are made at a “whole port level”.




                                                                                                                                                                77
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited and Subsidiaries



 4      SEGMENTAL REPORTING (CONTINUED)
        The Group operates in one geographical area, that being New Zealand.

        The Group segment results are as follows:

                                                                              Port          Property       Marshalling
                                                                        Operations          Services         Services      Unallocated (1)            Group
        2016                                                              NZ$000            NZ$000           NZ$000              NZ$000              NZ$000


        Total segment revenue (external)                                   207,948            24,679            12,399                  0            245,026


        Share of profit from Equity Accounted Investees                           0                 0                 0           13,437              13,437
        Interest income                                                           0                 0                 6               660                666
        Other income                                                              0                 0              407                 88                495
        Interest expense                                                          0                 0                 0           (17,006)            (17,006)
        Depreciation and amortisation expense                                     0                 0            (2,163)          (21,559)            (23,722)
        Other unallocated expenditure                                             0                 0            (8,775)        (107,033)            (115,808)
        Income tax expense                                                        0                 0              (499)          (25,275)            (25,774)
        Total segment result                                               207,948            24,679             1,375          (156,688)             77,314

        (1)
              Operating costs are not allocated to individual business segments within the Parent Company. Unallocated includes results for Equity
              Accounted Investees.

                                                            Port          Property       Marshalling       Transport (1)
                                                      Operations          Services         Services           Services     Unallocated (2)            Group
        2015                                            NZ$000            NZ$000           NZ$000             NZ$000             NZ$000              NZ$000


        Total segment revenue (external)                 200,135            23,538            12,493            32,199                  0            268,365


        Share of profit from Equity
        Accounted Investees                                     0                 0                 0                 0           10,298              10,298
        Transactions relating to the formation
        of Coda Group                                           0                 0                 0                 0             3,878              3,878
        Fair value gain recognised on the sale
        of 49.9% shareholding in Subsidiary                     0                 0                 0                 0             4,731              4,731
        Impairment of property, plant and
        equipment on revaluation                                0                 0                 0                 0            (1,876)             (1,876)
        Impairment of Subsidiary                                0                 0                 0                 0            (6,221)             (6,221)
        Interest income                                         0                 0                 0                 9               989                998
        Other income                                            0                 0               83                  0                12                  95
        Interest expense                                        0                 0                 0              (101)          (16,991)            (17,092)
        Depreciation and
        amortisation expense                                   (5)                0            (2,247)           (1,983)          (19,003)            (23,238)
        Other unallocated expenditure                       (436)                 0            (9,532)         (26,811)           (97,768)           (134,547)
        Income tax expense                                     (3)                0             (166)            (1,037)          (25,037)            (26,243)
        Total segment result                             199,691            23,538               631             2,276          (146,988)             79,148

        (1)
              The operations of the Transport Services Segment were disposed of on 1 May 2015.
        (2)
              Operating costs are not allocated to individual business segments within the Parent Company. Unallocated includes results for Equity
              Accounted Investees.




78
5   OPERATING REVENUE

                                                                                                                                  2016               2015
                                                                                                                                NZ$000             NZ$000


    Revenue
    Port services revenue                                                                                                       207,948            200,135
    Rental revenue                                                                                                                24,679             23,538
    Marshalling services revenue                                                                                                  12,399             12,493
    Transport services revenue                                                                                                         0             32,199
    Total revenue                                                                                                               245,026            268,365


    Other income
    Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment                                                                                    495                 95
    Total other income                                                                                                               495                 95
    Total operating revenue                                                                                                     245,521            268,460


    Policies             Revenue comprises the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods and services in the ordinary
                         course of the Group’s activities. Revenue is shown, net of GST, rebates and discounts. Revenue is recognised as follows:

                         •         Port services, marshalling services and transport services revenues: are recognised when the related service is
                                   performed. If at reporting date, the service is in progress, then the portion performed, determined using the percentage
                                   completion method, is recognised in the current year.

                         •         Rental revenue: from property leased under operating leases is recognised in the income statement on a straight line
                                   basis over the term of the lease. Lease incentives provided are recognised as an integral part of the total lease income,
                                   over the term of the lease.




6   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

                                                                                                                                  2016               2015
                                                                                                                                NZ$000             NZ$000


    Wages and salaries                                                                                                            30,738             40,784
    ACC levy                                                                                                                          20                439
    KiwiSaver contribution                                                                                                         1,027              1,220
    Medical subsidy                                                                                                                  316                219
    Total employee benefit expenses                                                                                               32,101             42,662




                                                                                                                                                               79
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited and Subsidiaries



 7      OTHER EXPENSES
        The following items of expenditure are included in other expenses:

                                                                                                                                   2016              2015
                                                                                                                                 NZ$000            NZ$000


        Operating lease payments                                                                                                   1,496              3,880
        Directors’ fees                                                                                                              514                   506
        Auditors fees:
          Audit fees paid to principal auditor                                                                                       133                   164
          Review of half year financial statements                                                                                    12                    13
        Fees paid for other services provided by the principal auditor:
          Accounting advisory                                                                                                           0                   76
          Payments data analysis review                                                                                                 0                   22
          Security assessment and awareness                                                                                           23                     0




 8      FINANCIAL INCOME AND EXPENSE

                                                                                                                                   2016              2015
                                                                                                                                 NZ$000            NZ$000


        Interest on finance lease                                                                                                       2                  258
        Interest income on bank deposits                                                                                             664                   740
        Ineffective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges                                                                0             1,261
        Finance income                                                                                                               666              2,259


        Interest expense on borrowings                                                                                           (17,730)           (17,291)
        Less:
          Interest capitalised to property, plant and equipment                                                                      933                   350
                                                                                                                                 (16,797)           (16,941)


        Interest on finance leases                                                                                                      0              (101)
        Interest on deferred consideration                                                                                            (29)                 (50)
        Ineffective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges                                                            (180)                    0
        Finance expenses                                                                                                         (17,006)           (17,092)
        Total net finance costs                                                                                                  (16,340)           (14,833)



        Policies            Finance income comprises interest income on bank deposits, finance lease interest and gains on hedging instruments that are
                            recognised in the income statement. Interest income is recognised as it accrues, using the effective interest method. Finance
                            lease interest is recognised over the term of the lease using the net investment method, which reflects a constant periodic rate
                            of return.
                            Finance expenses comprise interest expense on borrowings, finance lease interest expense, unwinding of the discount of
                            provisions and losses on hedging instruments that are recognised in the income statement. Except for interest capitalised
                            directly attributable to the purchase or construction of qualifying assets, all borrowing costs are recognised in the income
                            statement using the effective interest method.

        Capitalised         The average weighted interest rate for interest capitalised to property, plant and equipment, was 5.35% for the current period
        Interest            (2015: 5.36%).




80
9   INCOME TAX
    Components of Tax Expense

                                                                                                                             2016           2015
                                                                                                                           NZ$000         NZ$000


    Profit before income tax for the period                                                                                103,088        105,391


    Income tax on the surplus for the period at 28.0 cents                                                                   28,865        29,509


    Tax effect of amounts which are non deductible/(taxable) in calculating taxable income:
      Net gain on disposal of investments                                                                                         0         (2,411)
      Share of Equity Accounted Investees after tax income, excluding Coda Group                                             (2,918)        (2,883)
      Impairment of goodwill                                                                                                      0          1,742
      Other                                                                                                                    (173)          286
    Total income tax expense                                                                                                 25,774        26,243


    The income tax expense is represented by:


    Current tax expense
    Tax payable in respect of the current period                                                                             27,477        29,460
    Adjustment for prior period                                                                                                 142             65
    Total current tax expense                                                                                                27,619        29,525


    Deferred tax expense
    Adjustment for prior period                                                                                                  43            (64)
    Origination/reversal of temporary differences                                                                            (1,888)        (3,218)
    Total deferred tax expense (refer to note 10)                                                                            (1,845)        (3,282)
    Total income tax expense                                                                                                 25,774        26,243

    Income tax recognised in other comprehensive income:

                                                                                                                             2016           2015
                                                                                                                           NZ$000         NZ$000


    Impairment of property, plant and equipment                                                                                (178)             0
    Revaluation of property, plant and equipment                                                                                  0        15,808
    Cash flow hedges                                                                                                         (2,926)          (971)
    Total income tax recognised in other comprehensive income (refer to note 10)                                             (3,104)       14,837



    Policies            Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax, calculated using the rate enacted or substantively enacted at balance
                        date and any adjustments to tax payable in respect to prior years. Income tax expense is recognised in the income statement
                        except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or equity.

    Imputation          Total imputation credits available for use in subsequent reporting periods are $59.094 million at 30 June 2016
    Credits             (2015: $67.943 million).




                                                                                                                                                       81
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited and Subsidiaries



 10     DEFERRED TAXATION

                                                               Assets                                 Liabilities                            Net

                                                          2016                2015               2016                 2015          2016              2015
                                                        NZ$000              NZ$000             NZ$000               NZ$000        NZ$000            NZ$000


        Deferred tax (asset)/liability
        Property, plant and equipment                          0                   0            61,788              63,675         61,788             63,675
        Intangible assets                                      0                   0                  422               354           422                354
        Finance lease receivables                              0                   0                    2                  0             2                    0
        Derivatives                                       (5,310)            (2,384)                    0                  0       (5,310)            (2,384)
        Provisions and accruals                           (1,494)            (1,288)                    0                  0       (1,494)            (1,288)
        Total                                             (6,804)            (3,672)            62,212              64,029         55,408             60,357



                                                Derecognised in the Statement of
                                                 Financial Position on the Sale of              Recognised in the                Recognised in Other
                                                49.9% Shareholding in Subsidiary                Income Statement                Comprehensive Income

                                                          2016                2015               2016                 2015          2016              2015
                                                        NZ$000              NZ$000             NZ$000               NZ$000        NZ$000            NZ$000


        Property, plant and equipment                          0                 84              (1,709)             (2,484)         (178)            15,808
        Intangible assets                                      0                   0                   68               (497)            0                    0
        Finance lease receivables                              0                   0                    2               (520)            0                    0
        Derivatives                                            0                   0                    0                  0       (2,926)              (971)
        Trade receivables                                      0                   0                    0                  8             0                    0
        Provisions and accruals                                0                   0               (206)                201              0                    0
        Finance lease payables                                 0                   0                    0                10              0                    0
        Total                                                  0                 84              (1,845)             (3,282)       (3,104)            14,837



        Policies            Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences that arise between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial
                            reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.
                            Deferred tax is not recognised for the initial recognition of goodwill.
                            Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to the temporary differences when they reverse.
                            A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent it is probable it will be utilised.
                            Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset and when the deferred
                            income taxes assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable
                            entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.

        Unrecognised        There are no material unrecognised income tax losses or temporary differences carried forward. There are no material
        Tax Losses          unrecognised temporary differences associated with the Group’s investments in Subsidiaries or Equity Accounted Investees.
        or Temporary
        Differences




82
11   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                        Freehold    Freehold    Wharves and       Harbour     Plant and     Work in
                                           Land     Buildings   Hardstanding Improvements    Equipment     Progress       Total
                                         NZ$000      NZ$000          NZ$000       NZ$000       NZ$000       NZ$000      NZ$000


     Gross carrying amount:
     Balance at 1 July 2014             477,895       84,886        217,587       122,755      183,738       5,027     1,091,888
     Additions                               27          333               0        1,152        5,919      48,596       56,027
     Disposals                                 0      (3,371)              0            0       (17,036)        (58)     (20,465)
     Transfers from work in progress     15,059          685          4,058          796        11,206      (31,804)           0
     Transferred to intangible assets
     (refer to note 13)                        0           0               0            0             0        (238)        (238)
     Transfers to profit or loss               0           0               0            0             0        (103)        (103)
     Transfers between asset classes      (2,100)      2,100               0            0             0           0            0
     Derecognised on the sale
     of 49.9% shareholding
     in Subsidiary                             0           0               0            0          (913)          0         (913)
     Revaluation                         25,934       (2,476)        30,146        (4,697)            0           0      48,907
     Balance at 30 June 2015            516,815       82,157        251,791       120,006      182,914      21,420     1,175,103


     Balance at 1 July 2015             516,815       82,157        251,791       120,006      182,914      21,420     1,175,103
     Additions                               43           12            117           16         1,734      62,737       64,659
     Disposals                                 0        (246)              0            0       (21,222)          0      (21,468)
     Transfers from work in progress           0         624          9,746         1,074       18,983      (30,427)           0
     Transferred to intangible assets
     (refer to note 13)                        0           0               0            0             0        (349)        (349)
     Balance at 30 June 2016            516,858       82,547        261,654       121,096      182,409      53,381     1,217,945


     Accumulated depreciation
     and impairment:
     Balance at 1 July 2014                    0      (3,950)        (14,120)      (3,152)      (71,924)          0      (93,146)
     Depreciation expense                      0      (2,317)         (7,604)      (1,740)      (10,528)          0      (22,189)
     Reversal of impairment                    0           0               0            0          160            0         160
     Disposals                                 0         216               0            0        4,603            0       4,819
     Derecognised on the sale
     of 49.9% shareholding
     in Subsidiary                             0           0               0            0           42            0          42
     Revaluation                               0       5,996         21,724         4,892             0           0      32,612
     Balance at 30 June 2015                   0         (55)              0            0       (77,647)          0      (77,702)


     Balance at 1 July 2015                    0         (55)              0            0       (77,647)          0      (77,702)
     Depreciation expense                      0      (3,283)         (8,757)      (1,519)       (9,616)          0      (23,175)
     Impairment                                0        (637)              0            0           (30)          0         (667)
     Disposals                                 0          53               0            0       10,932            0      10,985
     Balance at 30 June 2016                   0      (3,922)         (8,757)      (1,519)      (76,361)          0      (90,559)


     Carrying amounts:
     Total net book value
     as at 30 June 2015                 516,815       82,102        251,791       120,006      105,267      21,420     1,097,401
     Total net book value
     as at 30 June 2016                 516,858       78,625        252,897       119,577      106,048      53,381     1,127,386




                                                                                                                                    83
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited and Subsidiaries



 11     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
        For each revalued class of property, plant and equipment, the notional carrying amount that would have been recognised, had the assets been
        carried under the cost model, would be:

                                                                                                                                     2016                 2015
                                                                                                                                  Notional             Notional
                                                                                                                                  Carrying             Carrying
                                                                                                                                  Amount               Amount
                                                                                                                                   NZ$000              NZ$000


        Freehold land                                                                                                              117,748             117,705
        Freehold buildings                                                                                                           54,324             57,849
        Wharves and hardstanding                                                                                                     92,958             88,729
        Harbour improvements                                                                                                         28,534             28,814
        Total notional carrying amount                                                                                             293,564             293,097



        Policies             Property, plant and equipment is initially measured at cost, and subsequently stated at either fair value or cost, less
                             depreciation and any impairment losses.
                             Subsequent expenditure that increases the economic benefits derived from the asset is capitalised.
                             Land, buildings, harbour improvements, and wharves and hardstanding are measured at fair value, based upon periodic
                             valuations by external independent valuers.
                             Depreciation of property, plant and equipment, other than freehold land and capital dredging (included within harbour
                             improvements), is calculated on a straight line basis and expensed over their estimated useful lives.
                             Major useful lives are:

                                      Freehold buildings                    33 to 85 years
                                      Maintenance dredging                  3 years
                                      Wharves                               10 to 60 years
                                      Wharf rocks                           150 to 200 years
                                      Wharf piles                           60 to 130 years
                                      Basecourse                            50 years
                                      Asphalt                               15 years
                                      Gantry cranes                         10 to 40 years
                                      Floating plant                        10 to 25 years
                                      Other plant and equipment             5 to 25 years
                                      Electronic equipment                  3 to 5 years
                             Capital and maintenance dredging are held as harbour improvements. Capital dredging has an indefinite useful life and is not
                             depreciated as the channel is maintained via maintenance dredging to its original depth and contours. Maintenance dredging
                             is depreciated over three years.
                             Work in progress relates to self constructed assets or assets that are being acquired which are under construction at balance
                             date. Once the asset is fit for intended service, it is transferred to the appropriate asset class and depreciation commences.
                             Software developed undertaken as part of a project is transferred to intangibles on completion.
                             An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised when it is sold or otherwise disposed of, or when its use is expected
                             to bring no future economic benefit. Upon disposal or derecognition, any revaluation reserve relating to the particular asset
                             being disposed or derecognised is transferred to retained earnings.

        Restriction          An area of 8,000 square metres of land located between the Sulphur Point wharves and the Parliamentary approved
        on Title             reclamation does not have formal title. Actions are being taken to resolve the issue and obtain title. The resolution lies with
                             the Government.

        Security             Certain items of property, plant and equipment have been pledged as security against certain loans and borrowings of the
                             Group (refer to note 19).

        Occupation           The Parent Company holds consent to occupy areas of the Coastal Marine Area to enable the management and operation of
        of Foreshore         port related commercial undertakings that it acquired under the Port Companies Act 1988. The consented area includes a
                             10 metre radius around navigation aids and a strip from 30 to 60 metres wide along the extent of the wharf areas at both
                             Sulphur Point and Mount Maunganui.

        Capital              The estimated capital expenditure for property, plant and equipment contracted for at balance date but not provided for is
        Commitments          $40.150 million (2015: $23.798 million).




84
11   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

     Judgements   All land, buildings, harbour improvements, and wharves and hardstanding, have been revalued to fair value, being market
                  value, for non specialised assets and depreciated replacement cost (DRC) for specialised assets. The last valuation
                  was carried out as at 30 June 2015 by Opus International Consultants Limited (wharves and hardstanding, and harbour
                  improvements), Preston Rowe Paterson Tauranga Pty Limited, CBRE Limited and Colliers International New Zealand Limited
                  (land and buildings).
                  The fair value measurement has been categorised as a level 3 fair value based on the inputs for the assets which are not based
                  on observable market data (unobservable inputs), (refer to note 2 for fair value measurement hierarchy).
                  Wharves and hardstanding, and harbour improvements assets owned by the Parent Company are classified as specialised
                  assets and have accordingly been valued on a depreciated replacement cost basis.
                  The significant assumptions applied in the valuation of these assets are:

                  •        Replacement unit cost – replacement unit costs were calculated taking into account:
                           ºº       Port of Tauranga Limited’s historic cost data including any recent competitively tendered construction works.
                           ºº       Published cost information.
                           ºº       The Opus construction cost database.
                           ºº       Long run price trends.
                           ºº       Historic costs adjusted for changes in price levels.
                           ºº       An allowance which has been included for costs directly attributable to bringing assets into working condition,
                                    management costs and the financing cost of capital held over construction period.

                  •        Depreciation – the calculated remaining lives of assets were reviewed, taking into account:
                           ºº       Observed and reported condition, performance and utilisation of the asset.
                           ºº       Expected changes in technology.
                           ºº       Consideration of current use, age and operational demand.
                           ºº       Discussions with the Parent Company’s operational officers.
                           ºº       Opus Consultants in-house experience from other infrastructure valuations.
                           ºº       Residual values.

                  •        Highest and best use of land: Subject to relevant local authority’s zoning regulations.
                  •        Current market expectations: This is based on yield and recent local sales.
                  •        Market value of buildings: This is made on a depreciated replacement cost basis with that assessment compared
                           against actual or likely market rental capitalised at an appropriate rate of return between 5% and 10%.
                  •        Current occupancy rates of premises.
                  •        Future Port plans: The impact of major building relocation and demolition planned by the Parent Company to facilitate
                           better utilisation of the wharf areas, including the prospect of increased berthage at Sulphur Point.
                  •        No restriction of title: Valuation is made on the assumption that having no legal title to the Tauranga harbour foreshore
                           does not impact on the value of the Parent Company’s assets.




                                                                                                                                                       85
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited and Subsidiaries



 12     OPERATING LEASES
        Operating Leases Where the Group is the Lessor
        Included in the financial statements are land, buildings, and plant and equipment, leased to customers under operating leases.

                                                                                                               2016                                2015
                                                                                              2016      Accumulated                 2015    Accumulated
                                                                                          Valuation     Depreciation            Valuation   Depreciation
                                                                                           NZ$000           NZ$000               NZ$000         NZ$000


        Land                                                                                267,109                  0           236,772                0
        Buildings                                                                            47,904              2,123            51,662                0
        Total                                                                               315,013              2,123           288,434                0

        Future minimum lease receivables from non cancellable operating leases where the Group is the lessor are as follows:

                                                                                                                                   2016           2015
                                                                                                                                 NZ$000         NZ$000


        Within one year                                                                                                           13,673         16,768
        One year to two years                                                                                                     12,779         17,161
        Two years to five years                                                                                                   14,120         17,264
        Greater than five years                                                                                                   13,800         18,522
        Total                                                                                                                     54,372         69,715



        Policies            Where the Group is the Lessor, assets leased under operating leases are included in property, plant and equipment, in the
                            statements of financial position, as appropriate.
                            Payments and receivables made under operating leases are recognised in the income statement on a straight line basis over
                            the term of the lease.
                            Lease incentives are recognised as an integral part of the total lease expense, over the term of the lease.




86
13   INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                                           Computer     Rail Services
                                                                                         Goodwill           Software     Agreement                Total
                                                                                         NZ$000              NZ$000          NZ$000             NZ$000


     Cost:
     Balance at 1 July 2014                                                                  38,444           10,104           10,000            58,548
     Additions                                                                                    0             196                 0                  196
     Disposals                                                                                    0           (3,576)               0            (3,576)
     Transfers from work in progress (refer to note 11)                                           0             238                 0                  238
     Impairment                                                                              (6,221)               0                0            (6,221)
     Transport Services Segment goodwill derecognised                                     (13,613)                 0                0           (13,613)
     Balance at 30 June 2015                                                                 18,610            6,962           10,000            35,572


     Balance at 1 July 2015                                                                  18,610            6,962           10,000            35,572
     Additions                                                                                    0             434                 0                  434
     Disposals                                                                               (3,120)            (108)               0            (3,228)
     Transfers from work in progress (refer to note 11)                                           0             349                 0                  349
     Balance at 30 June 2016                                                                 15,490            7,637           10,000            33,127


     Accumulated amortisation:
     Balance at 1 July 2014                                                                       0           (5,994)          (8,681)          (14,675)
     Amortisation expense                                                                         0             (711)            (338)           (1,049)
     Disposals                                                                                    0            1,509                0             1,509
     Balance at 30 June 2015                                                                      0           (5,196)          (9,019)          (14,215)


     Balance at 1 July 2015                                                                       0           (5,196)          (9,019)          (14,215)
     Amortisation expense                                                                         0             (424)            (123)             (547)
     Disposals                                                                                    0              61                 0                  61
     Balance at 30 June 2016                                                                      0           (5,559)          (9,142)          (14,701)


     Carrying amounts:
     Total net book value 30 June 2015                                                       18,610            1,766              981            21,357
     Total net book value 30 June 2016                                                       15,490            2,078              858            18,426



     Policies            Goodwill that arises upon the acquisition of Subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. The Group measures goodwill as
                         the fair value of consideration transferred, less the fair value of the net identifiable assets and liabilities assumed at
                         acquisition date.
                         Goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses.
                         Other intangible assets acquired by the Group, which have finite useful lives, are measured at cost less accumulated
                         amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.
                         The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

                                  Rail services agreement                   10 to 15 years
                                  Computer software                          1 to 10 years
                         The carrying amounts of the Group’s intangibles other than goodwill are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether
                         there is any objective evidence of impairment.
                         Goodwill is tested for impairment annually, based upon the value in use of the cash generating unit to which the goodwill
                         relates. Value in use was determined by discounting five year future cash flows, generated from the continuing use of the units.

     Judgements          Goodwill relates to goodwill arising on the acquisition of Quality Marshalling.
                         On 27 May 2016, Quality Marshalling sold its forestry marshalling operations to Qube Logistics Limited. As a result of this
                         transaction $3.120 million of goodwill relating to forestry marshalling operations has been derecognised.
                         The remaining goodwill was tested for impairment at 30 June 2016 and confirmed that no adjustment was required.
                         For impairment testing the calculation of value in use was based upon the following key assumptions:

                         •        Cash flows were projected using management forecasts over the five year period.
                         •        The anticipated growth rates used in the cash flow projections average 6% over the period.
                         •        Terminal cash flows were estimated using a constant growth rate of 2% after year five.
                         •        A pre-tax discount rate of 12% was used.




                                                                                                                                                             87
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited and Subsidiaries



 14     INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
        Investments in Subsidiaries Comprises:

                                                                                                                   2016               2015            Balance
        Name of Entity                                  Principal Activity                                           %                  %                Date


        MetroPack Limited                               Entity amalgamated into
                                                                                                                       0            100.00            30 June
                                                        Parent Company entity
        Port of Tauranga                                Holding company for
                                                                                                                  100.00            100.00            30 June
        Trustee Company Limited                         employee share scheme
        Quality Marshalling (Mount                      Marshalling and terminal
                                                                                                                  100.00            100.00            30 June
        Maunganui) Limited                              operations services
        Tapper SIP Limited                              Entity amalgamated into
                                                                                                                       0            100.00            30 June
                                                        Parent Company entity
        Tapper Transport Limited                        Entity amalgamated into
                                                                                                                       0            100.00            30 June
                                                        Parent Company entity



        Policies             Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. Control exists when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable
                             returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee.
                             In assessing control, potential voting rights that presently are exercisable, are taken into account. The financial statements of
                             Subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the date that
                             control ceases.
                             Intra-group balances, and any unrealised income and expenses arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated in
                             preparing the consolidated financial statements.

        Amalgamation         On 30 June 2016 subsidiary shell companies, MetroPack Limited, Tapper SIP Limited and Tapper Transport Limited, were
        of Subsidiaries      amalgamated into the Parent Company.




88
15   INVESTMENTS IN EQUITY ACCOUNTED INVESTEES
     Investments in Equity Accounted Investees Comprises:

                                                                                      2016      2015     Balance
     Name of Entity                               Principal Activity                    %         %         Date


     Coda Group Limited Partnership               Freight logistics and warehousing   50.00     50.00    30 June
     Northport Limited                            Sea port                            50.00     50.00    30 June
     PortConnect Limited                          On line cargo management            50.00     50.00    30 June
     PrimePort Timaru Limited                     Sea port                            50.00     50.00    30 June
     Timaru Container Terminal Limited            Sea port                            50.10     50.10    30 June



                                                                                                2016       2015
                                                                                              NZ$000     NZ$000


     Carrying value of investments in Equity Accounted Investees
     Balance at 1 July                                                                        118,972     71,079


     Group’s share of net profit after tax                                                     13,437     10,298
     Group’s share of hedging reserve                                                            (395)      (269)
     Group’s share of revaluation reserve                                                         (57)      (328)
     Group’s share of total comprehensive income                                               12,985      9,701


     Disposals                                                                                      0     (3,491)
     Purchase of interest in Coda Group Limited Partnership                                         0     43,285
     Group’s investment in Timaru Container Terminal Limited                                        0      5,003
     Purchase of shares in MetroBox Limited                                                         0      1,899
     Dividends received                                                                        (8,667)    (8,504)
     Balance at 30 June                                                                       123,290    118,972




                                                                                                                    89
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited and Subsidiaries



 15     INVESTMENTS IN EQUITY ACCOUNTED INVESTEES (CONTINUED)
        The following table summarises the financial information of individually material Equity Accounted Investees, Northport Limited and Coda Group
        Limited Partnership, and the combined value of individually immaterial Equity Accounted Investees as included in their own financial statements,
        adjusted for fair value adjustments at acquisition and differences in accounting policies.
        Summarised Financial Information of Equity Accounted Investees:

                                                                                                                           Individually
                                                                                                                            Immaterial
                                                                                                        Coda Group              Equity
                                                                                        Northport            Limited       Accounted
                                                                                          Limited        Partnership         Investees            Total
        2016                                                                             NZ$000             NZ$000             NZ$000           NZ$000


        Cash and cash equivalents                                                             321              2,875             2,692             5,888
        Total current assets                                                                4,612            23,734              6,989            35,335
        Total non current assets                                                          131,548            24,173            84,256           239,977
        Total assets                                                                      136,160            47,907            91,245           275,312


        Current financial liabilities excluding trade and other payables
        and provisions                                                                      1,994              1,588             8,319            11,901
        Total current liabilities                                                           6,651            16,758            12,727             36,136


        Non current financial liabilities excluding trade and other payables
        and provisions                                                                     36,450                  0           27,391             63,841
        Total non current liabilities                                                      36,450                  0           27,391             63,841
        Total liabilities                                                                  43,101            16,758            40,118             99,977
        Net assets                                                                         93,059            31,149            51,127           175,335
        Group’s share of net assets                                                        46,530            15,575            25,569             87,674
        Goodwill acquired on acquisition of Equity Accounted Investees                           0           30,754              4,862            35,616
        Carrying amount of Equity Accounted Investees                                      46,530            46,329            30,431           123,290


        Revenues                                                                           38,829           204,761            29,140           272,730
        Depreciation and amortisation                                                       (4,186)           (1,477)           (1,731)           (7,394)
        Interest expense                                                                    (1,858)                0              (809)           (2,667)
        Net profit before tax                                                              22,590              6,026             5,565            34,181
        Tax expense                                                                         (5,730)                0            (1,525)           (7,255)
        Net profit after tax                                                               16,860              6,026             4,040            26,926
        Other comprehensive income                                                          (1,464)                0               560              (904)
        Total comprehensive income                                                         15,396              6,026             4,600            26,022
        Group’s share of net profit after tax                                               8,430              3,013             1,994            13,437
        Group’s share of total comprehensive income                                         7,698              3,013             2,274            12,985




90
15   INVESTMENTS IN EQUITY ACCOUNTED INVESTEES (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                              Individually
                                                                                                                               Immaterial
                                                                                                         Coda Group                Equity
                                                                                          Northport           Limited         Accounted
                                                                                            Limited       Partnership           Investees           Total
     2015                                                                                  NZ$000            NZ$000               NZ$000          NZ$000


     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  320             1,953              3,167             5,440
     Total current assets                                                                     4,963            22,465              8,496            35,924
     Total non current assets                                                              129,795             22,077             60,440          212,312
     Total assets                                                                          134,758             44,542             68,936          248,236


     Current financial liabilities excluding trade and other payables
     and provisions                                                                           2,698             1,240              8,919            12,857
     Total current liabilities                                                                5,624            18,853             13,692            38,169


     Non current financial liabilities excluding trade and other payables
     and provisions                                                                         35,442              1,949              7,450            44,841
     Total non current liabilities                                                          35,442              1,949              7,450            44,841
     Total liabilities                                                                      41,066             20,802             21,142            83,010
     Net assets                                                                             93,692             23,740             47,794          165,226
     Group’s share of net assets                                                            46,846             11,870             23,897            82,613
     Goodwill acquired on acquisition of Equity Accounted Investees                               0            31,497              4,862            36,359
     Carrying amount of Equity Accounted Investees                                          46,846             43,367             28,759          118,792


     Revenues                                                                               36,799             27,943             48,884          113,626
     Depreciation and amortisation                                                           (3,939)             (535)             (1,117)          (5,591)
     Interest expense                                                                        (2,039)                (9)               (97)          (2,145)
     Net profit before tax                                                                  21,823                164              6,274            28,261
     Tax expense                                                                             (5,495)                 0             (2,149)          (7,644)
     Net profit after tax                                                                   16,328                164              4,125            20,617
     Other comprehensive income                                                              (2,012)                 0               818            (1,194)
     Total comprehensive income                                                             14,316                164              4,943            19,423
     Group’s share of net profit after tax                                                    8,164                82              2,052            10,298
     Group’s share of total comprehensive income                                              7,158                82              2,461             9,701



     Policies               The Group’s interests in Equity Accounted Investees comprise interests in Joint Ventures.
                            A joint venture is an arrangement in which the Group has joint control, whereby the Group has rights to the net assets of the
                            arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities.
                            Equity Accounted Investees are accounted for using the equity method.
                            In respect of Equity Accounted Investees, the carrying amount of goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the investment
                            and not tested for impairment separately.

     Tax Treatment          Coda Group is treated as a partnership for tax purposes and is not taxed at the partnership level. Fifty percent of the income
     of Coda Group          and expense flow through the limited partnership to the Parent Company who is then taxed.

     Judgements             It has been determined that the Group has joint control over its investees, due to the existence of contractual agreements
                            which require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control over relevant business activities.
                            The investment in Coda Group was tested for impairment at 30 June 2016 and confirmed that no adjustment was required.
                            For impairment testing the calculation of value in use was based upon the following key assumptions:

                            •        Cash flows were projected using management forecasts over the five year period.
                            •        Terminal cash flows were estimated using a constant growth rate of 2% after year five.
                            •        A pre-tax discount of 14% was used.




                                                                                                                                                              91
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited and Subsidiaries



 16     RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS

                                                                                                                                 2016              2015
                                                                                                                               NZ$000            NZ$000


        Trade receivables                                                                                                       30,640            28,696
        Less:
          Provision for impairment of trade receivables                                                                               0                  0
        Trade receivables from Equity Accounted Investees and related parties                                                      434               758
                                                                                                                                31,074            29,454


        Advances to Equity Accounted Investees (refer to note 24)                                                                6,919             7,519
        Prepayments and sundry receivables                                                                                       3,553             2,516
        Total receivables and prepayments                                                                                       41,546            39,489

        The ageing of trade receivables at reporting date was:

                                                                                                                                 2016              2015
                                                                                                                               NZ$000            NZ$000


        Not past due                                                                                                            25,841            23,946
        Past due 0 – 30 days                                                                                                     3,002             4,030
        Past due 30 – 60 days                                                                                                      795               591
        Past due 60 – 90 days                                                                                                      454               126
        More than 90 days                                                                                                          548                   3
        Total of ageing of trade receivables                                                                                    30,640            28,696



        Policies            Receivables and prepayments are initially recognised at fair value. They are subsequently measured at amortised cost, and
                            adjusted for impairment losses.
                            Receivables with a short duration are not discounted.

        Fair Values         The nominal value less impairment provision of trade receivables are assumed to approximate their fair values due to their
                            short term nature.

        Judgements          A provision for impairment is recognised when there is objective evidence that the Group will be unable to collect amounts
                            due. The amount provided for is the difference between the expected recoverable amount and the receivable’s carrying value.

        Advances            The Parent Company makes advances to Equity Accounted Investees for short term funding purposes. These advances are
        to Equity           repayable on demand and interest rates charged on these advances are varied.
        Accounted
        Investees




92
17   EQUITY
     Share Capital

                                                                                                                                 2016               2015


     Ordinary shares issued
     Balance as at 1 July                                                                                                136,068,776        134,071,596
     Shares issued during year                                                                                                 30,640          2,014,460
     Shares repurchased by the Group during the year                                                                          (22,220)           (17,280)
     Balance as at 30 June                                                                                               136,077,196        136,068,776

     Dividends
     The following dividends were declared and paid during the period:

                                                                                                                                2016               2015
                                                                                                                              NZ$000             NZ$000


     Final 2015 dividend paid 30.0 cents per share (2014: 29.0 cps)                                                            40,835             39,474
     Interim 2016 dividend paid 23.0 cents per share (2015: 22.0 cps)                                                          31,307             29,945
     Total dividends                                                                                                           72,142             69,419



     Policies           Capital Management
                        The Parent Company’s policy is to maintain a strong capital base, which the Group defines as total shareholders’ equity, so as
                        to maintain investor, creditor and market confidence, and to sustain the future business development of the Group.
                        The Group has established policies in capital management, including the specific requirements that interest cover is to be
                        maintained at a minimum of three times and that the [debt/(debt + equity)] ratio is to be maintained at a 40% maximum. It is
                        also Group policy that the dividend payout is maintained between a level of between 70% and 100% of profit for the period.
                        The Group has complied with all capital management policies during the reporting periods.

     Share Capital      All shares are fully paid and have no par value. All shares rank equally with one vote attached to each fully paid ordinary share.
                        During the year 30,640 shares at $11.17 per share were issued to employees from the Port of Tauranga Trustee Company
                        Limited as part of the Employee Share Ownership Plan (2015: 14,460 shares at $8.09 per share). In 2016 nil shares (2015:
                        2,000,000 shares) were also issued to Kotahi as a 10 year volume rebate.
                        During the year 22,220 shares were repurchased on market and transferred to the Port of Tauranga Trustee Company Limited
                        as part of the Employee Share Ownership Plan (2015: 17,280 shares).

     Dividends          The dividends are fully imputed. Supplementary dividends of $374,868 (2015: $373,275) were paid to shareholders that are not
                        tax residents in New Zealand, for which the Group received a foreign tax credit entitlement.

     Share Based        On 1 August 2014 the Parent Company issued 2,000,000 shares as a volume rebate to Kotahi as part of a 10 year freight
     Payment            alliance. The shares are subject to a call option allowing the Parent Company to “call” shares back at zero cost if Kotahi fails to
     Reserve            meet the volume commitments specified in the 10 year Container Volume Commitment Agreement.
                        The increase in the reserve recognises the shares earned based on containers delivered during the period.
                        Equity Settled Share Based Payments
                        The grant-date fair value of equity settled share based payments is recognised as a rebate against revenue, with a
                        corresponding increase in equity, over the vesting period. The amount recognised as a rebate is adjusted to reflect the number
                        of awards for which the related service is expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately recognised is based on the
                        number of awards that meet the related service conditions at the vesting date.

     Hedging            The hedging reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in fair value of cash flow hedging
     Reserve            instruments, related to hedged transactions that have not yet occurred.

     Revaluation        The revaluation reserve relates to the revaluation of land, buildings, wharves and hardstanding, and harbour improvements.
     Reserve




                                                                                                                                                              93
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited and Subsidiaries



 18     EARNINGS PER SHARE

                                                                                                                                       2016              2015


        Earnings per share
        Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders (NZ$000)                                                                    77,314            79,148
        Weighted average ordinary shares on issue of the Parent Company                                                        136,116,246        135,946,383
        Earnings per share (cents)                                                                                                      56.8              58.2


        Underlying earnings per share
        Underlying net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders (NZ$000)                                                         77,314            79,007
        Weighted average ordinary shares on issue of the Parent Company                                                        136,116,246        135,946,383
        Underlying earnings per share (cents)                                                                                           56.8              58.1



        Policies                The Group presents basic earnings per share (EPS) data for its ordinary shares. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit
                                or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Parent Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares
                                outstanding for the Parent Company during the period. There are no potential dilutive ordinary shares.




 19     LOANS AND BORROWINGS
        This note provides information about the contractual terms of the Group’s interest bearing loans and borrowings.

                                                                                                              Committed            Undrawn            Carrying
                                                                                                                Facilities         Facilities           Value
        2016                                                                 Maturity          Coupon            NZ$000             NZ$000            NZ$000


        Non current
        Fixed rate bond – 2nd issue                                             2021           4.792%              75,000                  0           75,000
        Standby revolving cash advance facility                                 2020           Floating            80,000            80,000                  0
        Fixed rate bond – 1st issue                                             2019           5.865%              50,000                  0           50,000
        Standby revolving cash advance facility                                 2019           Floating          100,000            100,000                  0
        Standby revolving cash advance facility                                 2018           Floating          100,000             95,000              5,000
        Revolving cash advance facility                                         2017           Floating            30,000            30,000                  0
        Advances from employees                                              Various                0%                  0                  0               200
        Total non current                                                                                        435,000            305,000           130,200


        Current
        Multi option facility                                                   2016           Floating             5,000             5,000                  0
        Commercial papers                                                 <3 months            Floating                 0                  0          190,000
        Total current                                                                                               5,000             5,000           190,000
        Total                                                                                                    440,000            310,000           320,200




94
19   LOANS AND BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                             Committed            Undrawn            Carrying
                                                                                                               Facilities         Facilities           Value
     2015                                                                  Maturity          Coupon             NZ$000             NZ$000            NZ$000


     Non current
     Fixed rate bond – 2nd issue                                              2021            4.792%             75,000                   0            75,000
     Fixed rate bond – 1st issue                                              2019            5.865%             50,000                   0            50,000
     Standby revolving cash advance facility                                  2019           Floating           130,000            130,000                     0
     Standby revolving cash advance facility                                  2017           Floating            50,000             50,000                     0
     Revolving cash advance facility                                          2016           Floating            30,000             30,000                     0
     Advances from employees                                               Various                0%                   0                  0                   65
     Total non current                                                                                          335,000            210,000            125,065


     Current
     Standby revolving cash advance facility                                  2016           Floating           100,000            100,000                     0
     Multi option facility                                                    2015           Floating              5,000              5,000                    0
     Commercial papers                                                  <3 months            Floating                  0                  0           180,000
     Advances from employees                                               Various                0%                   0                  0                297
     Total current                                                                                              105,000            105,000            180,297
     Total                                                                                                      440,000            315,000            305,362



     Policies                Loans and borrowings are recognised at fair value, plus any directly attributable transaction costs, if the Group becomes a
                             party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. Loans and borrowings are derecognised if the Group’s obligations as
                             specified in the contract expire or are discharged or cancelled.
                             Subsequent to initial recognition, loans and borrowings are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method,
                             less any impairment losses.

     Fixed Rate              The Parent Company has issued two six-year fixed rate bonds, a $50 million fixed rate bond with a final maturity on 29 October
     Bonds                   2019 and a $75 million fixed rate bond with final maturity on 29 January 2021.
                             The Parent Company incurred costs of $0.244 million in connection with the issuance of bonds which is being amortised over
                             the term of the bonds.

     Commercial              Commercial papers are secured, short term discounted debt instruments issued by the Parent Company for funding
     Papers                  requirements as a component of its banking arrangements. The commercial paper programme is fully backed by committed
                             term bank facilities.
                             At 30 June 2016 the Group had $190.000 million of commercial paper debt that is classified within current liabilities (2015:
                             $180.000 million). Due to this classification, the Group’s current liabilities exceed the Group’s current assets. Despite this
                             fact, the Group does not have any liquidity or working capital concerns as a result of the commercial paper debt being
                             interchangeable with direct borrowings within the standby revolving cash advance facility which is a term facility.

     Standby                 The Parent Company has a $280.000 million (2015: $280.000 million) financing arrangement with ANZ Bank New Zealand
     Revolving Cash          Limited, Bank of New Zealand Limited and the Commonwealth Bank of Australia, New Zealand branch. The facility, which is
     Advance Facility        secured, provides for both direct borrowings and support for issuance of commercial papers.
     Agreement

     Revolving Cash          The Parent Company has a $30.000 million (2015: $30.000 million) revolving cash advance facility with ANZ Bank New Zealand
     Advance Facility        Limited, used for headroom purposes. The facility expires 13 months after the date of notice given by the Parent Company or
                             ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited.

     Security                Bank facilities and fixed rate bonds are secured by way of a ships’ mortgage over certain floating plant assets ($19.271 million,
                             2015: $1.981 million), mortgages over the land and building assets ($595.341 million, 2015: $598.559 million), and by a general
                             security agreement over the assets of the Parent Company ($1,286.675 million, 2015: $1,272.926 million).

     Covenants               The Parent Company has complied with all covenants during the reporting periods.

     Fair Values             The fair value of fixed rate loans and borrowings is calculated by discounting the future contractual cash flows at current
                             market interest rates that are available for similar financial instruments. The amortised cost of variable rate loans and
                             borrowings is assumed to closely approximate fair value as debt facilities mature every 90 days.

     Interest Rates          The average weighted interest rate of interest bearing loans was 3.616% at 30 June 2016 (2015: 4.326%).




                                                                                                                                                                   95
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited and Subsidiaries



 20     DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

                                                                                                                                      2016               2015
                                                                                                                                    NZ$000             NZ$000


        Current assets
        Foreign currency derivatives – cash flow hedges                                                                                     0             1,066
        Total current assets                                                                                                                0             1,066


        Non current assets
        Foreign currency derivatives – cash flow hedges                                                                                     0                  280
        Total non current assets                                                                                                            0                  280
        Total assets                                                                                                                        0             1,346


        Current liabilities
        Foreign currency derivatives – cash flow hedges                                                                                 (983)                    0
        Interest rate derivatives – cash flow hedges                                                                                    (455)              (977)
        Total current liabilities                                                                                                     (1,438)              (977)


        Non current liabilities
        Interest rate derivatives – cash flow hedges                                                                                 (17,063)            (8,384)
        Total non current liabilities                                                                                                (17,063)            (8,384)
        Total liabilities                                                                                                            (18,501)            (9,361)



        Policies              The Group uses derivative financial instruments to hedge its exposure to foreign exchange, commodity and interest rate risks
                              arising from operational, financing and investment activities. In accordance with its Treasury Policy, the Group does not hold or
                              issue derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. However, derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are
                              accounted for as trading instruments.
                              Derivative financial instruments qualifying for hedge accounting are classified as non current if the maturity of the instrument
                              is greater than 12 months from reporting date and current if the instrument matures within 12 months from reporting date.
                              Derivatives accounted for as trading instruments are classified as current.
                              Derivative financial instruments are recognised initially at fair value and transaction costs are expensed immediately.
                              Subsequent to initial recognition, derivative financial instruments are stated at fair value. The gain or loss on remeasurement
                              to fair value is recognised immediately in the income statement. However, where derivatives qualify for hedge accounting,
                              recognition of any resultant gain or loss depends on the nature of the hedging relationship.

        Cash Flow             Changes in the fair value of the derivative hedging instrument designated as a cash flow hedge are recognised directly in the
        Hedges                cash flow hedge reserve to the extent that the hedge is effective. To the extent that the hedge is ineffective, changes in fair
                              value are recognised in the income statement.
                              If the hedging instrument no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, expires, or is sold, terminated or exercised, then
                              hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively. The cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in the hedging reserve
                              remains there until the highly probable forecast transaction, upon which the hedging was based, occurs. When the hedged
                              item is a non financial asset, the amount recognised in the hedging reserve is transferred to the carrying amount of the asset
                              when it is recognised. In other cases the amount recognised in the hedging reserve is transferred to the income statement in
                              the same period that the hedged item affects the income statement.

        Fair Values           The fair value of derivatives traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the reporting date. The fair value of
                              derivatives that are not traded in active markets (for example over-the-counter derivatives), are determined by using market
                              accepted valuation techniques incorporating observable market data about conditions existing at each reporting date.
                              The fair value of interest rate swaps is calculated as the present value of the estimated future cash flows. The fair value of
                              forward exchange contracts is determined using quoted forward exchange rates at the reporting date.
                              Valuation inputs for valuing derivatives are as follows:


                                    Valuation Input                       Source

                                    Interest rate forward price curve     Published market swap rates
                                    Foreign exchange forward prices       Published spot foreign exchange rates and interest rate differentials
                                    Discount rate for valuing interest    Published market interest rates as applicable to the remaining life of the instrument
                                    rate and foreign exchange             adjusted for the credit risk of the counterparty for assets and the credit risk of the
                                    derivatives                           Group for liabilities

                              All financial instruments held by the Group and designated fair value are classified as level 2 under the fair value measurement
                              hierarchy (refer to note 2).




96
21   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     The following tables show the classification, fair value and carrying amount of financial instruments held by the Group at reporting date:

                                                                   Designated                               Other                Total
                                                                        at Fair       Loans and          Amortised            Carrying               Fair
                                                                         Value       Receivables             Cost             Amount                Value
     2016                                                             NZ$000            NZ$000            NZ$000              NZ$000              NZ$000


     Assets
     Receivables                                                             0                 46                 0                 46                46
     Total non current assets                                                0                 46                 0                 46                46


     Cash and cash equivalents                                               0            11,580                  0            11,580              11,580
     Receivables                                                             0            37,993                  0            37,993              37,993
     Total current assets                                                    0            49,573                  0            49,573              49,573
     Total assets                                                            0            49,619                  0            49,619              49,619


     Liabilities
     Loans and borrowings                                                    0                  0          130,200            130,200             139,269
     Derivative financial instruments                                   17,063                  0                 0            17,063              17,063
     Total non current liabilities                                      17,063                  0          130,200            147,263             156,332


     Loans and borrowings                                                    0                  0          190,000            190,000             190,000
     Derivative financial instruments                                    1,438                  0                 0             1,438               1,438
     Trade and other payables                                                0                  0            10,874            10,874              10,874
     Total current liabilities                                           1,438                  0          200,874            202,312             202,312
     Total liabilities                                                  18,501                  0          331,074            349,575             358,644



                                                                   Designated                               Other                Total
                                                                        at Fair       Loans and          Amortised            Carrying               Fair
                                                                         Value       Receivables             Cost             Amount                Value
     2015                                                             NZ$000            NZ$000            NZ$000              NZ$000              NZ$000


     Assets
     Derivative financial instruments                                      280                  0                 0               280                280
     Total non current assets                                              280                  0                 0               280                280


     Cash and cash equivalents                                               0            17,918                  0            17,918              17,918
     Receivables                                                             0            36,973                  0            36,973              36,973
     Derivative financial instruments                                    1,066                  0                 0             1,066               1,066
     Total current assets                                                1,066            54,891                  0            55,957              55,957
     Total assets                                                        1,346            54,891                  0            56,237              56,237


     Liabilities
     Loans and borrowings                                                    0                  0          125,065            125,065             128,869
     Derivative financial instruments                                    8,384                  0                 0             8,384               8,384
     Total non current liabilities                                       8,384                  0          125,065            133,449             137,253


     Loans and borrowings                                                    0                  0          180,297            180,297             180,297
     Deferred consideration                                                  0                  0               500               500                519
     Derivative financial instruments                                      977                  0                 0               977                977
     Trade and other payables                                                0                  0             7,139             7,139               7,139
     Total current liabilities                                             977                  0          187,936            188,913             188,932
     Total liabilities                                                   9,361                  0          313,001            322,362             326,185




                                                                                                                                                            97
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited and Subsidiaries



 21     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

        Financial Risk     The Group’s overall financial risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to
        Management         minimise potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the Group.
                           The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group’s financial risk management
                           framework. The Audit Committee is responsible for developing and monitoring the Group’s financial risk management policies,
                           and reports regularly to the Board of Directors on its activities.
                           The Group’s financial risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the Group, to set
                           appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Financial risk management policies and
                           systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Group’s activities.
                           The Board of Directors oversees how management monitors compliance with the Group’s financial risk management
                           policies and procedures and reviews the adequacy of the financial risk management framework in relation to the risks faced
                           by the Group.


        (a)     Credit Risk
                Exposure to Credit Risk

                The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk at reporting
                date was:

                                                                                                                                   2016               2015
                                                                                                                                 NZ$000             NZ$000


                Derivative financial instruments                                                                                        0              1,346
                Receivables                                                                                                       38,039             36,973
                Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                         11,580             17,918
                Total                                                                                                             49,619             56,237



                Credit Risk         Counterparty credit risk is the risk of losses (realised or unrealised) arising from a counterparty failing to meet its
                Management          contractual obligations. Financial instruments which potentially subject the Group to credit risk, principally consist of
                Policies            bank balances, trade receivables, advances to Equity Accounted Investees and derivative financial instruments.
                                    The Group only transacts in treasury activity (including investment, borrowing and derivative transactions) with Board
                                    approved counterparties. Unless otherwise approved by the Board, counterparties are required to be New Zealand
                                    registered banks with a Standard & Poor’s credit rating of A+ or above. The Group continuously monitors the credit
                                    quality of the financial institutions that are counterparties and does not anticipate any non performance.
                                    The Group adheres to a credit policy that requires each new customer to be analysed individually for credit worthiness
                                    before the Group’s standard payment terms and conditions are offered. Customer payment performance is constantly
                                    monitored with customers not meeting creditworthiness being required to transact with the Group on cash terms. The
                                    Group generally does not require collateral.

                Concentration       The only significant concentration of credit risk at reporting date relates to bank balances and advances to Equity
                of Credit Risk      Accounted Investees. The nature of the Group’s business means that the top ten customers account for 56.5%
                                    of total Group revenue (2015: 49.6%). The Group is satisfied with the credit quality of these debtors and does not
                                    anticipate any non performance.




98
21   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
     (b)   Liquidity Risk

           The following table sets out the contractual cash outflows for all financial liabilities (including estimated interest payments) and derivatives:

                                        Statement
                                       of Financial     Contractual         6 Months             6 – 12             1–2               2–5        More Than
                                           Position     Cash Flows            or Less           Months             Years             Years         5 Years
           2016                            NZ$000          NZ$000            NZ$000             NZ$000           NZ$000            NZ$000          NZ$000


           Non derivative
           financial liabilities
           Loans and borrowings           (320,200)         (351,364)        (199,092)           (3,737)           (7,398)        (141,137)                0
           Trade and other
           payables                        (10,874)          (10,874)          (10,874)                0                0                 0                0
           Total non derivative
           financial liabilities          (331,074)         (362,238)        (209,966)           (3,737)           (7,398)        (141,137)                0


           Derivatives
           Interest rate
           derivatives
           Cash flow hedges –
           outflow                         (17,518)          (20,426)           (2,279)          (1,988)           (3,527)           (7,618)          (5,014)
           Foreign currency
           derivatives
           Cash flow hedges –
           outflow                             (983)         (17,232)          (16,669)            (563)                0                 0                0
           Cash flow hedges –
           inflow                                 0           16,244           15,726               518                 0                 0                0
           Total derivatives               (18,501)          (21,414)           (3,222)          (2,033)           (3,527)           (7,618)          (5,014)
           Total                          (349,575)         (383,652)        (213,188)           (5,770)          (10,925)        (148,755)           (5,014)



                                        Statement
                                       of Financial     Contractual         6 Months             6 – 12             1–2               2–5        More Than
                                           Position     Cash Flows            or Less           Months             Years             Years         5 Years
           2015                            NZ$000          NZ$000            NZ$000             NZ$000           NZ$000            NZ$000          NZ$000


           Non derivative
           financial liabilities
           Loans and borrowings           (305,362)         (343,062)        (184,209)           (3,706)           (7,272)         (69,281)          (78,594)
           Deferred consideration              (500)            (529)              (25)            (504)                0                 0                0
           Trade and other
           payables                          (7,139)          (7,139)           (7,139)                0                0                 0                0
           Total non derivative
           financial liabilities          (313,001)         (350,730)        (191,373)           (4,210)           (7,272)         (69,281)          (78,594)


           Derivatives
           Interest rate
           derivatives
           Cash flow hedges –
           outflow                           (9,361)         (10,509)           (1,746)          (1,739)           (2,941)           (3,501)            (582)
           Foreign currency
           derivatives
           Cash flow hedges –
           outflow                                0          (15,771)           (5,801)          (6,621)           (3,349)                0                0
           Cash flow hedges –
           inflow                            1,346            17,149             6,300            7,209             3,640                 0                0
           Total derivatives                 (8,015)          (9,131)           (1,247)          (1,151)           (2,650)           (3,501)            (582)
           Total                          (321,016)         (359,861)        (192,620)           (5,361)           (9,922)         (72,782)          (79,176)




                                                                                                                                                                99
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited and Subsidiaries



 21     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

               Liquidity and         Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as and when they fall due.
               Funding Risk          The Group’s approach to managing liquidity risk is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient cash
               Management            and borrowing facilities available to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and adverse conditions.
               Policies              The Group’s cash flow requirements and the utilisation of borrowing facilities are continuously monitored, and it is
                                     required that committed bank facilities are maintained at a minimum of 10% above maximum forecast usage.
                                     Funding risk is the risk that arises when either the size of borrowing facilities or the pricing thereof is not able to be
                                     replaced on similar terms, at the time of review with the Group’s banks. To minimise funding risk it is Board policy to
                                     spread the facilities’ renewal dates and the maturity of individual loans. Where this is not possible, extensions to, or
                                     the replacement of, borrowing facilities are required to be arranged at least six months prior to each facility’s expiry.


        (c)    Market Risk

               Interest Rate Risk

               At reporting date, the interest rate profile of the Group’s interest bearing financial assets/(liabilities) were:

                                                                                                                                       Carrying Amount

                                                                                                                                       2016              2015
                                                                                                                                     NZ$000            NZ$000


               Fixed rate instruments
               Fixed rate bond                                                                                                       (125,000)         (125,000)
               Deferred consideration                                                                                                       0              (500)
               Interest rate derivatives                                                                                              (17,519)           (9,361)
               Total                                                                                                                 (142,519)         (134,861)


               Variable rate instruments
               Commercial papers                                                                                                     (190,000)         (180,000)
               Standby revolving cash advance facility                                                                                 (5,000)                    0
               Cash balances                                                                                                           11,580            17,918
               Total                                                                                                                 (183,420)         (162,082)

               Sensitivity Analysis

               If, at reporting date, bank interest rates had been 100 basis points higher/lower, with all other variables held constant, the result would
               increase/(decrease) post tax profit or loss and the hedging reserve by the amounts shown below. The analysis is performed on the same
               basis for 2015.

                                                                                                    Profit or Loss                 Cash Flow Hedge Reserve

                                                                                                  100 bp               100 bp          100 bp           100 bp
                                                                                                Increase             Decrease        Increase         Decrease
                                                                                                 NZ$000               NZ$000          NZ$000           NZ$000


               Variable rate instruments                                                           (1,284)              1,309               0                     0
               Interest rate derivatives                                                           1,570               (1,570)          6,716            (7,430)
               Total as at 30 June 2016                                                              286                 (261)          6,716            (7,430)


               Variable rate instruments                                                           (1,023)              1,046               0                     0
               Interest rate derivatives                                                           1,360               (1,111)          5,161            (6,064)
               Total as at 30 June 2015                                                              337                  (65)          5,161            (6,064)



               Market Risk           Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates and commodity
               Management            prices, will affect the Group’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk
               Policies              management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the
                                     return on risk.
                                     The Group uses derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps and foreign currency options to hedge
                                     certain risk exposures. All derivative transactions are carried out within the guidelines set out in the Group’s Treasury
                                     Policy which has been approved by the Board of Directors. Generally the Group seeks to apply hedge accounting in
                                     order to manage volatility in the income statement.

               Interest              Interest rate risk is the risk of financial loss, or impairment to cash flows in current or future periods, due to adverse
               Rate Risk             movements in interest rates on borrowings or investments. The Group uses interest rate derivatives to manage its
                                     exposure to variable interest rate risk by converting variable rate debt to fixed rate debt.




100
22   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                                                   2016               2015
                                                                                                                                 NZ$000             NZ$000


     Accounts payable                                                                                                             10,823              7,134
     Accrued employee benefit liabilities                                                                                          3,530              3,055
     Accruals                                                                                                                     15,720             10,048
     Payables due to Equity Accounted Investees and related parties                                                                    34                 5
     Total trade and other payables                                                                                               30,107             20,242



     Fair Values            The nominal value of trade and other payables are assumed to approximate their fair values due to their short term nature.




23   PROVISIONS

                                                                                                         Management
                                                                                                           Long Term
                                                                                       Long Service         Incentive      Profit Sharing
                                                                                             Leave           Scheme        and Bonuses               Total
                                                                                           NZ$000            NZ$000               NZ$000           NZ$000


     Balance at 30 June 2015                                                                  1,212                737             1,778              3,727
     Additional provision                                                                       314                107             2,050              2,471
     Unused amounts reversed                                                                      (5)                0                  0                 (5)
     Utilised during the period                                                                 (143)             (342)            (1,788)           (2,273)
     Balance at 30 June 2016                                                                  1,378                502             2,040              3,920
     Total current provisions                                                                      0               253             2,040              2,293
     Total non current provisions                                                             1,378                249                  0             1,627



     Policies               A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation that can be
                            estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. Provisions
                            are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the
                            time value of money and the risks specific to the liability.

     Employee               Underlying assumptions for provisions relate to the probabilities of employees reaching the required vesting period to qualify
     Benefits –             for long service leave. Probability factors for reaching long service leave entitlements are based on historic employee retention
     Long Service           information.
     Leave

     Employee               Members of the Parent Company’s Executive Management Team are eligible to receive payment under the Management
     Benefits –             Long Term Incentive Scheme. The scheme is classified as a cash settled share based payment scheme and is based upon
     Management             a combination of total shareholder return versus an index and earnings per share growth, both over a three year period.
     Long Term
     Incentive              The amount recognised in the income statement during the period is $0.107 million, (2015: $0.333 million).
     Scheme

     Employee               The Profit Sharing and Bonus Scheme rewards eligible employees based on a combination of Company performance against
     Benefits –             budget and personal performance. The incentive is generally paid biannually.
     Profit Sharing
     and Bonuses




                                                                                                                                                              101
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited and Subsidiaries



 24     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
        Related party transactions with related parties:

                                                                                                                                    2016                2015
                                                                                                                                  NZ$000              NZ$000


        Transactions with Equity Accounted Investees
        Services provided to Port of Tauranga Limited                                                                                386                 300
        Services provided by Port of Tauranga Limited                                                                              2,126                 741
        Accounts receivable by Port of Tauranga Limited                                                                              138               1,733
        Accounts payable by Port of Tauranga Limited                                                                                  34                 836
        Advances by Port of Tauranga Limited                                                                                       6,919               7,519
        Services provided to Quality Marshalling (Mount Maunganui) Limited                                                            45                   49
        Services provided by Quality Marshalling (Mount Maunganui) Limited                                                         3,210               2,738
        Accounts receivable by Quality Marshalling (Mount Maunganui) Limited                                                         292                 575
        Accounts payable by Quality Marshalling (Mount Maunganui) Limited                                                               0                  4
        Accounts receivable by Port of Tauranga Trustee Company Limited                                                                 4                  0


        Transactions with key management personnel
        Directors’ fees recognised during the period                                                                                 513                 506
        Executive officers’ salaries and short term employee benefits recognised during the period                                 2,654               3,266
        Executive officers’ share based payments recognised in the income statement during the period                                107                 333



        Related Parties     Related parties of the Group include the joint ventures disclosed in note 15 and the Controlling Entity (Quayside Securities
                            Limited) or Ultimate Controlling Party (Bay of Plenty Regional Council).
                            Quayside Securities Limited owns 54.14% (2015: 54.14%) of the ordinary shares in Port of Tauranga Limited. Quayside
                            Securities Limited is beneficially owned by Bay of Plenty Regional Council.
                            Transactions with the Ultimate Controlling Party during the period include services provided to Port of Tauranga Limited,
                            $0.018 million (2015: $0.016 million).
                            No related party debts have been written off, forgiven or provided for as doubtful during the year.

        Transactions        During the year, the Group entered into transactions with companies in which Group Directors hold directorships.
        With Key            These directorships have not resulted in the Group having a significant influence over the operations, policies, or key
        Management          decisions of these companies.
        Personnel
                            The Group does not provide any non cash benefits to Directors and Executive Officers in addition to their Directors’ fees
                            or salaries. All Executive Officers participate in a cash settled share based incentive scheme.




102
25   CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

     Disclosures   No material contingent liabilities or assets have been identified.




26   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

     Approval of   The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 18 August 2016.
     Financial
     Statements

     Final         A final dividend of 30 cents (2015: 30 cents) per share to a total of $40,834,874 (2015: $40,834,874) and a special dividend
     Dividend      of 25 cents per share to a total of $34,029,061 has been approved subsequent to reporting date. The final dividend was not
                   approved until after year end, therefore it has not been accrued in the current year financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                  103
 Corporate Governance Statement
 For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited



 The Board and the Senior Management Team of Port of Tauranga           The Board delegates the day-to-day affairs and responsibilities
 Limited recognise the importance of good corporate governance          to the Chief Executive to deliver the strategic direction and goals
 and consider it is core to ensuring the creation, protection and       determined by the Board. A Delegation of Authority Policy sets
 enhancement of shareholder value. Together they are committed          out the decision making authority limits on the Chief Executive
 to ensuring that the Company applies and adheres to practices          and other employees, and achieves individual accountability
 and principles that ensure good governance and the highest             which is strictly monitored in the audit programme.
 ethical standards are maintained to protect the interests of
 shareholders and all stakeholders.                                     The Board Charter sets out a list of specific responsibilities that
                                                                        are reserved for the Board.
 The Board has the ultimate responsibility for all decision making
 within the Company.                                                    Board Committees: The Board has established an Audit
                                                                        Committee, a Nomination Committee and a Remuneration
 For the reporting period to 30 June 2016, the Board considers          Committee. The role, responsibilities and decision making
 Port of Tauranga’s corporate governance practices reflect and          authority of each committee is set out in its Charter. The Charters
 satisfy the NZX (New Zealand Exchange) Corporate Governance            are available in the Investors section of the Company’s website
 Best Practice Code and the Financial Markets Authority Corporate       (under Corporate Structure).
 Governance Principles. The Board of Port of Tauranga chooses
 to also comply (except where noted) with the ASX Corporate             All Directors are able to attend any Committee Meeting.
 Governance Council’s Corporate Governance Principles and               Induction: Each new Director is inducted to enable them to
 Recommendations as it considers these standards to be                  gain an understanding of the port industry and the Group’s
 relevant to any large New Zealand listed company whether               operations; the Company’s financial, strategic, operational
 ASX listed or not.                                                     and risk management position; Directors’ rights, duties and
 Port of Tauranga’s corporate governance documents are available        responsibilities; and the role of the Board, Board Committees and
 on the Corporate Governance page of the Company’s website              the Senior Management Team.
 http://www.port-tauranga.co.nz/Investors/Corporate-Structure.          New executives will receive an induction programme based on
 These documents should be read in conjunction with this                similar elements and include health and safety training but without
 Statement.                                                             financial documents or other sensitive information that is not
                                                                        relevant to their role.
 •       Constitution
 •       Audit Committee Charter                                        Senior Management Team Evaluation: Role descriptions and
 •       Board Charter                                                  any agreed key performance metrics are included in employment
 •       Code of Ethics                                                 agreements and provide a framework against which to evaluate
 •       Nomination Committee Charter                                   executive performance. Written employment agreements setting
 •       Remuneration Committee Charter                                 out the terms of appointment are provided to all Group staff.
 •       Director Tenure and Re-appointment Policy                      Formal performance reviews are conducted for all staff at least
 •       Continuous Disclosure and Communication Policy                 on an annual basis. The Senior Management Team’s performance
 •       Discretionary Expenditure – Standard Operating Procedure       reviews for the financial year ended 30 June 2016 were conducted
         Policy                                                         in July 2016.
 •       Diversity Policy                                               The Board through the Remuneration Committee reviews the
 •       Health and Safety Policy                                       performance, remuneration and terms of employment of the
 •       Insider Trading Policy and Guidelines                          Chief Executive and makes recommendations to the Board of any
 •       Protected Disclosures Act 2000 Whistleblowing Policy           changes required in those matters.
 Port of Tauranga Limited and its operating divisions are referred to   The Chief Executive reviews the performance of those staff who
 in this Statement as the Company. References to the Group are to       report directly to him.
 Port of Tauranga Limited, its operating divisions and its
 Subsidiaries and Associates.                                           The framework for senior executive performance evaluation is
                                                                        based on specific personal criteria, together with the Group’s
                                                                        financial and operational performance and achievement of
                                                                        strategic objectives.
 PRINCIPLE 1 – LAY SOLID FOUNDATIONS FOR
 MANAGEMENT AND OVERSIGHT BY THE BOARD
 The Board: The primary role of the Board is the protection and         PRINCIPLE 2 – STRUCTURE THE BOARD TO ADD VALUE
 enhancement of shareholder value while respecting the rights of
 other stakeholders.                                                    Composition of the Board: The Constitution states that there
                                                                        shall be between six and nine Directors of whom no more than
 The Board oversees the business and affairs of the Company,            two shall be members or employees of the shareholding authority.
 establishes the strategies and financial objectives with
 management and monitors the performance of management                  The Board currently comprises of seven non executive Directors
 directly and through Board Committees. It monitors compliance          of whom five are independent. All are elected by shareholders.
 and risk management, ensuring the Company has the appropriate          As at 30 June 2016 the Board comprised seven Directors:
 controls and policies. Comprehensive reporting on the Company’s
 health and safety programmes is a priority within the Board’s risk     •       David Pilkington (Chair of Board and Nomination
 reporting framework.                                                           Committee)
                                                                        •       Bill Baylis (Chair of Audit Committee)
 The practices adopted by the Board are prescribed in the Board         •       Kim Ellis
 Charter, which sets out the protocols for operation of the Board,      •       Julia Hoare
 Board Committee Charters and the Constitution. Certain laws,           •       Alastair Lawrence
 regulations, codes and guidelines are also relevant to the             •       Doug Leeder
 Board’s practices.                                                     •       Michael Smith (Chair of Remuneration Committee)



104
The Directors bring a wide range of skills to the Board including        The Board considers that David Pilkington’s role as Director of
governance, senior executive management experience,                      Zespri Group Limited, a major customer of the Port, does not
marketing, international business, corporate and commercial              preclude him from being considered an independent Director.
law and supply chain logistics. Collectively, the Directors have         Mr Pilkington has no involvement in matters regarding tariffs and
professional qualifications in law, accounting, engineering,             has no ability to influence decisions on such matters. The Port of
finance, business, economics, agriculture and management. The            Tauranga is not a material supplier of services to Zespri.
Board considers that individually and collectively, the Directors
have an appropriate mix of skills, qualifications and experience         The Board considers that Kim Ellis’s role as Director of Ballance
to enable them to appropriately discharge their duties effectively.      Agri-Nutrients Limited, a major customer of the Port, does not
Biographies of the current Board members are set out on page 16          preclude him from being considered an independent Director.
and are also available in the Investors section of the Company’s         Mr Ellis has no involvement in matters regarding tariffs and has
website (under Corporate Structure/Board of Directors).                  no ability to influence decisions on such matters. The Port of
                                                                         Tauranga is not a material supplier of servicesto Ballance.
Audit Committee: Details about the Audit Committee, its
membership and its responsibilities are included under Principle         Doug Leeder, Chair of Bay of Plenty Regional Council, and
4. The Audit Committee’s Charter is approved by the Board                Michael Smith, the Chair of Quayside Group of Companies, are
and reviewed by external auditors each year. The Charter is              not considered by the Board to be independent Directors, given
provided in the Investors section of the Company’s website (under        their relationship with Quayside Securities Limited, which holds
Corporate Structure).                                                    over 54% of the shares in Port of Tauranga Limited.

The Audit Committee has five members of whom four, including             Conflicts of Interest: The Board Charter outlines the Board’s
the Chair, are independent Directors. The Chair of Port of               policy on conflicts of interest. Where any Director has a conflict
Tauranga Limited is an ex-officio member of the Audit Committee.         of interest or is otherwise interested in any transaction, that
                                                                         Director is required to disclose his or her conflict of interest to the
Nomination Committee: The Nomination Committee operates                  Company, and thereafter will normally not be able to participate
under a Charter which requires it to review the composition of           in the discussion, nor vote in relation to the relevant matter. The
the Board, to ensure that the Board has the appropriate mix of           Company maintains a register of disclosed interests.
expertise and experience. The Charter is available in the Investors
section of the Company’s website (under Corporate Structure).            Attendance: The individual attendances of Directors at Board and
                                                                         Committee Meetings for the 2016 financial year are as follows:
All Directors are members of the Nomination Committee.
The Committee is chaired by David Pilkington and has five                                      Board     Audit     Nomination     Remuneration
independent Directors and two non-independent Directors.
                                                                         A W Baylis                 7        2                2
Remuneration Committee: Details about the Remuneration                   J M Cronin*                3                         2
Committee and its responsibilities are included under Principle 8.
                                                                         K R Ellis                  7        2                2                1
The Committee has four members of whom three are independent             J C Hoare**                4        1                1
Directors.                                                               A R Lawrence               7        2                2
Selection and Role of Chair and Deputy Chair: The Chair must             D W Leeder***              4                         1
be a Director who is independent and not the Chief Executive             D A Pilkington             7        2                2                1
of the Company. The Chair is selected by the full Board at the           M J Smith                  6        2                2                1
Board Meeting following the Annual Meeting. David Pilkington, an         K Tempest*                 1                                          1
independent Director, has been appointed Chair.
                                                                         Total meetings held        7        2                2                1
The Chair has a key role in leading the Board and overseeing
relations with shareholders and other stakeholders. He maintains         *Retired 22 October 2015.
a close professional relationship with the Chief Executive and the       **Appointed 20 August 2015 (and appointed to Audit and
Senior Management Team.                                                     Nomination Committees 18 December 2015).
A Deputy Chair may be appointed, however no appointment has              ***Appointed 22 October 2015 (and appointed to Nomination and
been made.                                                                   Remuneration Committees 18 December 2015).
Director Independence: Independence is defined in the Board              All Directors are members of the Nomination Committee. The
Charter. The Board has set a 10% materiality threshold in line with      Nomination Committee met in April and August to address those
NZX guidelines in determining independence. In addition to the           matters for which it has responsibility.
quantitative case-by-case assessment, the Board will consider
whether there are any factors or considerations which may mean           Director Appointments: The provisions regarding the election
that the Director’s interest, business or relationship could, or could   and retirement of Directors are contained in the Constitution, the
be reasonably perceived to, materially interfere with the Director’s     Board Charter and in the Director Tenure and Re-appointment
ability to act in the best interests of the Company.                     Policy, a policy which applies only to Directors of Port of Tauranga
                                                                         Limited not appointed by Quayside Holdings or Bay of Plenty
Directors are required to ensure that they immediately advise            Regional Council.
the Board of any relevant new or changed relationships to
enable the Board to consider and determine the materiality of            The Board has determined that good governance requires
the relationships. The Board determines annually on a case-by-           regular renewal of the Board to ensure that, over time, new
case basis, who in its view, are independent Directors following a       Directors are appointed to challenge existing approaches and to
review by each Director of their declared interests.                     incorporate new ideas and energy. Subject to continued Board
                                                                         and shareholder support, the normal tenure for non executive
As at 30 June 2016 David Pilkington (Chair), Bill Baylis, Kim Ellis,     Directors will be nine years or three terms from the first date of
Julia Hoare and Alastair Lawrence were considered by the Board           election by the shareholders. Three current Directors have served
to be independent Directors in accordance with the Constitution,         more than nine years on the Board.
NZX Listing Rules and ASX Corporate Governance Guidelines.




                                                                                                                                               105
 Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)
 For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited



 When a vacancy arises or additional skills are determined to be        Indemnities and Insurance: In accordance with Section 162 of
 needed, the Nomination Committee will identify and evaluate            the Companies Act 1993 and the Company’s Constitution, the
 Board candidates and recommend to the Board, individuals               Group has arranged policies of Directors’ Liability Insurance,
 for Board appointment. In selecting and recommending the               which together with a Deed of Indemnity, ensures that generally
 appointment of a new Director, the Committee will ensure that          Directors will incur no monetary loss as a result of actions
 the candidate has the appropriate range of skills, experience          undertaken by them as Directors. Certain actions are specifically
 and expertise that will best complement Board effectiveness and        excluded, for example the incurring of penalties and fines, which
 that the candidate is able to commit the necessary time to the         may be imposed in respect of breaches of the law.
 appointment. Background checks will be conducted.
 An individual being appointed as an independent must be
 independent according to the NZX Listing Rules and not have any
 disqualifying relationships as defined in the Board Charter.           PRINCIPLE 3 – PROMOTE ETHICAL AND RESPONSIBLE
                                                                        DECISION MAKING
 The Company’s Constitution and NZX Listing Rules require
                                                                        Code of Ethics: The Company requires the highest standards
 a newly appointed Director to stand for election at the next
                                                                        of honesty and integrity from its Directors, Senior Management
 Annual Meeting. Thereafter, appointments will be undertaken
                                                                        Team and employees. The Code of Ethics has been developed
 in accordance with the Constitution and NZX Listing Rules. All
                                                                        and approved by the Board which sets out the ethical and
 material information in the Board’s possession relevant to a
                                                                        behavioural standards expected by the Company’s Directors,
 Director is disclosed in the Notice of Meeting.
                                                                        Senior Management Team and employees. The policy guides and
 New Directors will receive a Letter of Appointment that sets           facilitates decision making that is consistent with the Company’s
 out the terms and conditions of appointment and associated             values, business goals, and legal and policy obligations.
 remuneration. It also sets out the expectations of the Company,        The Code of Ethics is located in the Investors section of the
 the Director’s duties and powers, insurance and indemnity              Company’s website (under Corporate Structure).
 arrangements, and rights of access to information.
                                                                        Discretionary Expenditure – Standard Operating Procedure
 Retirement and Re-election: Bill Baylis and Kim Ellis are eligible     Policy: The policy sets out the Company’s expectations on
 for re-election at the 2016 Annual Meeting and will be seeking re-     discretionary or sensitive expenditure incurred by Directors or
 election. Profiles are contained in the Notice of Meeting which will   employees. The Discretionary Expenditure – Standard Operating
 be sent to shareholders.                                               Procedure Policy is located in the Investors section of the
                                                                        Company’s website (under Corporate Structure).
 Board, Committee and Director Evaluation: The Board annually
 reviews its performance, policies and practices, and reviews the       Diversity Policy: The Company and its Board are committed
 performance of its Committees.                                         to providing a workplace that recognises and values different
                                                                        skills, abilities, genders, ethnicity and experiences. They are also
 The Audit, Nomination and Remuneration Committees each                 committed to providing equal employment opportunities with all
 review their Charters and evaluate their performance on an annual      appointments being merit-based. A copy of the Diversity Policy is
 basis with feedback reported to the Board. The Audit, Nomination       available in the Investors section of the Company’s website (under
 and Remuneration Committees’ reviews of their Charters and             Corporate Structure).
 performance were undertaken during the year. The results of the
 reviews were discussed at the subsequent Board Meeting.                The Board has not set measurable objectives for achieving
                                                                        gender diversity because the Board considers that merit based
 The Chair meets with each Director on an annual basis to discuss       appointments are the appropriate approach for selection of
 and assess individual performance, contribution and ongoing            employees and Directors. The Company does not therefore
 professional development in order to maintain each Director’s          comply with ASX Corporate Governance Recommendation 1.5.
 skills and knowledge. Ad hoc discussions are also held.
                                                                        As at 30 June 2016, the gender balance of the Company’s
 Board Secretariat: The Company Secretary is appointed by and           Directors, officers and all permanent employees was as follows:
 reports directly to the Board, through the Chair, on all matters
 relating to the proper functioning of the Board. All Directors have                                         Female              Male
 access to the Company Secretary to discuss issues or to obtain                                         Number        %    Number            %
 information on specific areas in relation to items to be considered
 at Board Meetings or other areas as they consider appropriate.         Directors                             1       14         6           86
 Directors also have unrestricted access to Group records               Officers                              1       20         4           80
 and information. Steve Gray, Chief Financial Officer, has been         All permanent employees              35       18      160            82
 appointed as the Company Secretary.
                                                                        Total                                37       18      170            82
 External Advice: With the approval of the Chair, a Director or a
 Committee is entitled to seek independent professional advice          “Officers” has the meaning under the Securities Markets Act
 on any aspect of the Director’s or the Committee’s duties, at the      1988. As at 30 June 2016, the officers were the Chief Executive
 Company’s expense.                                                     and his four direct reports.
 Director Share Ownership: There is no requirement for Directors        Insider Trading Policy: The Company’s Insider Trading Policy
 to own shares in the Company or to reinvest a portion of Director      governs trading in the Company’s securities by:
 remuneration in Company shares, however non executive
                                                                        •           all Directors;
 Directors are encouraged to own shares. All Directors and
                                                                        •           all officers;
 employees must comply with the Company’s Insider Trading
                                                                        •           all members of the Senior Management Team; and
 Policy and seek the approval of the Chief Financial Officer before
                                                                        •           any employee who the Chief Executive deems this policy
 any trading is undertaken. The table of Directors’ shareholdings is
                                                                                    should apply to.
 shown on page 114.
                                                                        A copy of the Insider Trading Policy is available in the Investors
                                                                        section of the Company’s website (under Corporate Structure).




106
Whistleblowing Policy (Protected Disclosure Act 2000): The                 PRINCIPLE 5 – MAKE TIMELY AND
Board is committed to ensuring the Company’s practices and                 BALANCED DISCLOSURE
procedures are safe and the behaviour of all employees is of the
                                                                           The Company is subject to the disclosure and reporting
highest ethical standard. The Company’s Whistleblowing Policy
                                                                           obligations imposed under the NZX Listing Rules and legislation
provides an internal procedure for staff to report any serious
                                                                           including the Companies Act and the Port Companies Act.
wrongdoing. Staff will be protected from any retaliatory action
                                                                           The disclosure framework through which the Company will
by the Company if the report of serious wrongdoing is made in
                                                                           communicate its goals, strategies and performance and comply
accordance with this policy and the Protected Disclosures Act.
                                                                           with its reporting obligations including continuous disclosure is
The Whistleblowing Policy (Protected Disclosure Act 2000) is
                                                                           outlined in its Continuous Disclosure and Communication Policy.
located in the Investors section of the Company’s website (under
                                                                           This policy is located in the Investors section of the Company’s
Corporate Structure).
                                                                           website (under Corporate Structure).
                                                                           The Board is committed to ensuring that shareholders
                                                                           are informed of the Company’s major developments and
PRINCIPLE 4 – SAFEGUARD INTEGRITY IN                                       announcements affecting the Company and that:
FINANCIAL REPORTING                                                        •       all investors will have equal and timely access to material
Audit Committee: The Audit Committee operates under a Charter                      information concerning the Company, including its financial
which requires it to assist the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities           situation, performance, ownership and governance;
regarding management’s accounting practices, policies and                  •       announcements will be factual and comprehensive; and
controls, relative to the Group’s financial position, and to review        •       any material information will be announced first to the
and make appropriate inquiry into the audit of the Group’s                         market through NZX.
financial statements by external auditors. The Charter is approved
                                                                           At each Board Meeting Directors discuss whether there is an
by the Board and reviewed by the external auditor each year.
                                                                           obligation under the Continuous Disclosure and Communication
Membership: The Audit Committee comprises five Directors, all              Policy that needs to be released to the NZX.
of them are non executive Directors and four are independent.
                                                                           The Board has appointed the Chief Financial Officer as its Market
The independent Directors are Bill Baylis, Kim Ellis, Julia Hoare
                                                                           Disclosure Officer with responsibility for ensuring the timely
and Alastair Lawrence. Michael Smith is Chair of Quayside
                                                                           release of information to NZX.
Securities Limited and is not independent. David Pilkington,
Chair of the Board, is an ex-officio member of the Committee and           Authorised Spokesmen: Communications with shareholders and
independent. Bill Baylis, the Chair of the Audit Committee, is a           financial analysts are conducted by the Chair, Chief Executive and
qualified accountant and is not the Chair of the Board. Details of         Chief Financial Officer.
the relevant qualifications and experience of all Audit Committee
members are disclosed in their biographies which are available on          Website: Operational and financial results announcements are
page 16 and on the Company’s website in the Investors section              available on the website together with Interim and Annual Reports
(under Corporate Structure/Board of Directors).                            and analyst presentations. Shareholders can receive media
                                                                           announcements automatically by joining the mailing list on the
The external auditors, Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer         Media Room and Publications section of the Company’s website.
attend Audit Committee meetings.
Meetings: The Audit Committee meets at least twice a year
and has direct access to the Company’s auditors and Senior
Management Team. The Committee meets with the auditors                     PRINCIPLE 6 – RESPECT THE RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDERS
without management being present. In the 2016 financial year, the          The Board is committed to engaging with shareholders and
Audit Committee met two times.                                             market participants in order that timely and accurate information
The individual attendances of the members at those meetings are            is provided and two way communication is facilitated. Corporate
set out on page 105.                                                       information is made available through periodic market
                                                                           announcements, investor briefings, shareholder reports, the
Certified Accounts: ASX Recommendation 4.2 is not applicable               Annual Meeting and associated documents, and the Company’s
as the provisions of Chapter 2M of the Corporations Act do not             website.
apply to the Company, which is a New Zealand registered entity.
Accordingly, the Company will not seek or obtain the assurance             Investor Communications: The protocols that apply to
from management ordinarily required by section 295A of the                 communications with analysts, investors and the media are set
Corporations Act relating to certifications of the accounts. The           out in the Continuous Disclosure and Communication Policy
Company will not comply with Recommendation 7.3 on an                      which is available in the Investors section of the Company’s
ongoing basis. The Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer             website (under Corporate Structure).
have, however, confirmed in writing to the Audit Committee that            Annual Meeting: The Annual Meeting provides shareholders with
the Company’s financial statements are in accordance with the              the opportunity to ask questions of the Board and of the external
accounting standards.                                                      auditors, who attend the Annual Meeting.
External Auditor: The Company’s external auditors will attend              Electronic Communications: Shareholders have the option to
the Company’s Annual Meeting and will be available to answer               receive communications from, and send communications to, the
questions from shareholders in relation to the conduct of the              Company and its security registry electronically.
audit, the preparation and content of the independent audit report
and the accounting policies adopted by the Company.




                                                                                                                                               107
 Corporate Governance Statement (Continued)
 For the Year Ended 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited


 PRINCIPLE 7 – RECOGNISE AND MANAGE RISK                                All remuneration packages are reviewed at least annually, taking
                                                                        into account individual and Company performance, market
 Management of risk is a high priority to ensure the protection
                                                                        movements and expert advice.
 of the Group’s staff, the environment, Company assets and
 reputation. The Company has a comprehensive risk management            ASX Recommendation 8.2 is not applicable as the provisions of
 system in place which is used to identify and manage all business      Chapter 2M of the Corporations Act do not apply to the Company
 risks. The system identifies the key risks facing the Company and      which is a New Zealand registered entity. Accordingly, the
 the status of initiatives employed to reduce them.                     Company has not provided a separate remuneration report. The
                                                                        Company may not fully comply with Recommendation 8.2 on an
 One of the key responsibilities of the Board is to ensure that
                                                                        ongoing basis.
 proper risk management systems and internal controls are in
 place, including the review of material risk exposures and the         Director Remuneration: Non executive Directors are paid a
 steps management has taken to monitor, control and report              fixed fee in accordance with the determination of the Board and
 all such exposures including health and safety practices.              are entitled to reimbursement of reasonable travel and other
 Management reports to the Board annually on the effectiveness          expenses incurred by them in connection with their attendance
 of the Company’s management of material risks. The independent         at Board or Annual Meetings, or otherwise in connection with
 reviewer’s and management’s recommendations were accepted              the Group’s business. There is no entitlement to retirement or
 and agreed at the October 2015 meeting of the Board. The whole         superannuation benefits. The Director fee pool has been set at
 Board has the responsibility for risk management.                      $506,479. Increases in the Director fee pool must be approved by
                                                                        shareholders at an Annual Meeting. The Remuneration Committee
 The Board has made the Chief Executive accountable for all
                                                                        considers Directors’ fees annually and makes a recommendation
 operational and compliance risk across the Group. The Chief
                                                                        to the Board. The Board seeks to increase the pool at the 2016
 Financial Officer has management accountability for the
                                                                        Annual Meeting by 50.2%.
 effective implementation of the risk framework across all of
 the Company’s businesses.                                              The non executive Directors receive $59,089 per annum and
                                                                        the Chair receives $118,178 per annum. The Chair of the
 Each year the Audit Committee reviews the internal audit
                                                                        Audit Committee, receives an additional $8,742 per annum.
 programme and identifies what areas need to be subject to an
                                                                        Other members of the Audit Committee, receive an additional
 internal audit.
                                                                        $4,371 per annum. The Chair of the Remuneration Committee,
 Areas subject to internal audit include:                               receives an additional $4,371 per annum. Other Members of
                                                                        the Remuneration Committee, receive an additional $2,186 per
 •       IT systems;                                                    annum. Director remuneration was set at a level advised by an
 •       payroll;                                                       independent Board remuneration consultant.
 •       IT disaster recovery;
 •       security;                                                      Disclosure of each Director’s remuneration is included in this
 •       data analysis;                                                 report at page 111.
 •       procurement; and
                                                                        Senior Management Team: The Company’s Senior
 •       cyber risk.
                                                                        Management Team’s total remuneration is made up of a
 The Company is also exposed to financial market risks. These           mix of fixed remuneration (FR), short term incentive (STI) and
 may arise from interest rate, foreign currency, liquidity and credit   long term incentive (LTI). An independent adviser reviews the
 risk. These risks are managed in accordance with the Company’s         remuneration framework.
 Treasury Policy that sets out procedures to minimise financial
                                                                        	Chief Executive Remuneration
 market risk. The Audit Committee reviews the Treasury Policy
 annually with the review including taking advice from an               	The FR is determined in relation to the market for
 external adviser.                                                        comparable sized and performing companies, and
                                                                          includes all benefits, allowances and deductions. The
 The Board does not believe that the Company has any material             position in the market will normally be comparable to
 exposure to economic, environmental or social sustainability risks       the median. Adjustments are not automatic and are
 that are not appropriately managed. The material risks which may         determined by performance which is reviewed annually by
 impact the Company’s ability to achieve its strategic objectives         the Remuneration Committee.
 and secure its future financial prospects, are managed through
 the strategic planning process.                                                Short Term Incentive Plan
                                                                        	The STI is set at 60% of FR. Seventy percent of the STI
                                                                          is linked to the Company’s financial performance with
                                                                          the actual opportunity in the range of 0% to 110%.
 PRINCIPLE 8 – REMUNERATE FAIRLY AND RESPONSIBLY                          Thirty percent is based on achieving strategic objectives
                                                                          with the actual opportunity in the range of 0% to 100%.
 The Board, through the Remuneration Committee, establishes
                                                                          Objectives are set each year by the Remuneration
 remuneration policies and practices for executives of the
                                                                          Committee and for the 2016 year included financial
 Company. The Committee’s objectives and responsibilities are set
                                                                          and Group targets for the Company overall, as well as
 out in the Committee’s Charter and relate to setting and reviewing
                                                                          personal objectives and targets, appropriate for each
 the remuneration package for the Chief Executive and having
                                                                          individual’s role.
 oversight of senior executive remuneration packages and terms of
 employment, incentive plans and Director remuneration.                         Long Term Incentive Plan
 The members of the Remuneration Committee are Michael Smith            	The LTI is a three year overlapping synthetic (phantom)
 (Chair), Kim Ellis, Doug Leeder and David Pilkington.                    share scheme which commenced on 1 July 2010, where,
 The Company’s Remuneration Policy has been set to ensure that            subject to performance, cash earned must be committed
 the remuneration of Directors and all staff properly reflects each       to acquiring Company shares. The LTI is set at 40%
 person’s accountabilities, duties and their level of performance         of FR. Fifty percent of the opportunity will be earned
 and will attract, motivate and retain staff of the highest quality.      by achieving Total Shareholder Return (TSR) targets
                                                                          measured by the ranking of Port of Tauranga Limited




108
       against the NZX50 less Australian listed stocks. The
       second 50% will be earned by achieving target earnings
       per share growth. The LTI targets are detailed below
       as follows:

       TSR Percentile Ranking                          Earned

       Below 40                                            Nil
       At 50                                             50%
       Above 50 to below 75                          50 – 99%
       At 75 or above                                   100%


       EPS* 3 Year CAGR**                              Earned

       0%                                                  Nil
       3.5%                                              50%
       7.0%                                             100%
       8.0%                                             110%
       9.0%                                             120%

       *Earnings per share
       **Compounded annual growth rate
	As at 30 June 2016 $0.502 million has been accrued for
  LTI for the Chief Executive and direct reports (30 June
  2015: $0.737 million).
	The Chief Executive’s remuneration for the year ended
  30 June 2016 was made up as follows:

                                                         $000

       Fixed Remuneration (FY16)                       739,025
       Short Term Incentive (FY15)                     288,003
       Long Term Incentive (2012 Vesting)              178,203
       Total                                        $1,205,231




                                                                 109
 Statutory Information
 As at 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited



 INTERESTS REGISTER
 The Company is required to maintain an Interests Register in which particulars of certain transactions and matters involving the Directors must be recorded.

 The matters set out below were recorded in the Interests Register of the Company during the financial year.




 GENERAL NOTICE OF INTEREST BY DIRECTORS
 The Directors of the Company have declared interests in the following identified entities as at 30 June 2016:


 Director                                                 Interest                              Entity

 Arthur William Baylis                                    Chair – resigned during the year      Blackhead Quarries Limited
                                                          Chair – resigned during the year      Dairy Holdings Limited and subsidiaries
                                                          Director / Shareholder                Edincorp Equities Limited
                                                          Director                              Edincorp Business Services Limited
                                                          Director                              PrimePort Timaru Limited
 John Michael Cronin (retired 22 October 2015)            Chair / Trustee                       South Waikato Investment Trust
                                                          Councillor                            Bay of Plenty Regional Council
                                                          Director                              Heretaunga Water Limited
                                                          Director                              Piccadilly Investments Limited
                                                          Trustee                               South Waikato Development Trust
 Kimmitt Rowland Ellis                                    Chair                                 Metlifecare Limited
                                                          Chair                                 NZ Social Infrastructure Fund Limited
                                                          Director                              Ballance Agri-Nutrients Limited
                                                          Director                              EnviroWaste Services Limited
                                                          Director                              Fonterra Shareholders Fund (FSF) Management Company
                                                          Director                              Freightways Limited
                                                          Trustee                               Wanganui Collegiate School
 Julia Cecile Hoare (appointed 20 August 2015)            Director                              AWF Madison Group Limited
                                                          Director                              New Zealand Post Limited
                                                          Director                              The A2 Milk Company Limited
                                                          Director                              Watercare Services Limited
                                                          Member                                Auckland Committee, Institute of Directors
                                                          Member                                External Reporting Advisory Panel
                                                          Member                                Institute of Directors Council
 Alastair Roderick Lawrence                               Chair                                 Brittain Wynyard Limited
                                                          Chair                                 Glenorchy Pastoral Management Limited
                                                          Director                              Antipodes Properties Limited and subsidiaries
                                                          Director                              CBS Advisory Limited
                                                          Director                              Retail Dimension Limited
                                                          Director                              Coda GP Limited
                                                          Trustee                               JAB Hellaby Trust




110
Director                                                  Interest                               Entity

Douglas William Leeder (appointed 22 October 2015)        Chair                                  Bay of Plenty Regional Council
David Alan Pilkington                                     Chair                                  Hellers Limited
                                                          Chair                                  Rangatira Limited
                                                          Director / Shareholder                 Excelsa Associates Limited
                                                          Director                               Douglas Pharmaceuticals Limited
                                                          Director                               Northport Limited
                                                          Director                               Port of Tauranga Trustee Company Limited
                                                          Director                               PrimePort Timaru Limited
                                                          Director                               Tuatara Brewing Company Limited
                                                          Director                               Zespri Group Limited
                                                          Trustee                                New Zealand Community Trust
Michael John Smith                                        Chair                                  Craigs Investment Partners Superannuation
                                                                                                 Management Limited
                                                          Chair                                  Quay Street Asset Management Limited
                                                          Chair                                  Quayside Group of Companies
                                                          Chair / Trustee                        FC Beazley Trust
                                                          Director                               Aurora Limited
                                                          Director                               Bethlehem Country Club Limited
                                                          Director                               Custodial Services Limited
                                                          Director                               First Mortgage Managers Limited
                                                          Director                               Norfolk Southern Cross Limited
                                                          Director                               NZ Golf
                                                          Director                               The Body Corporate Chair Limited
                                                          Director                               The Cascades Retirement Resort Limited
                                                          Director                               The Takahoa Bay Company Limited
                                                          Consultant (no proprietary interest)   Holland Beckett
Keith Tempest (retired 22 October 2015)                   Director                               Bay Venues Limited
                                                          Director                               Crown Fibre Holdings
                                                          Director                               NZ Bus Limited
                                                          Director                               Transpower Limited




REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS
Directors’ fees received or due and receivable during the year, are as follows:

                                                                                                                                  PARENT COMPANY

                                                                                                                                    2016           2015
                                                                                                                                       $              $

A W Baylis                                                                                                                         67,335      65,377
J M Cronin*                                                                                                                        19,266      56,951
K R Ellis                                                                                                                          65,167      59,766
J C Hoare**                                                                                                                        46,502            0
A R Lawrence                                                                                                                       62,998      59,073
D W Leeder***                                                                                                                      40,484            0
D A Pilkington                                                                                                                    123,828     120,223
M J Smith                                                                                                                          67,338      65,377
K Tempest*                                                                                                                         20,343      59,059

*Retired 22 October 2015.
**Appointed 20 August 2015.
***Appointed 22 October 2015.




                                                                                                                                                          111
 Statutory Information (Continued)
 As at 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited



 REMUNERATION OF EMPLOYEES
 The number of employees whose total annual remuneration including salary, performance bonuses, employer’s contributions to superannuation and health
 schemes, and other sundry benefits received in their capacity as employees, was within the specified bands as follows:

                                                                                                                                  PARENT COMPANY

                                                                                                                              Number of           Number of
 Remuneration Range                                                                                                           Employees           Employees
 $000                                                                                                                              2016                2015

 100 – 109                                                                                                                              25                18
 110 – 119                                                                                                                              17                18
 120 – 129                                                                                                                              13                13
 130 – 139                                                                                                                               9                 9
 140 – 149                                                                                                                              15                 8
 150 – 159                                                                                                                               4                 6
 160 – 169                                                                                                                               3                 5
 170 – 179                                                                                                                               2                 2
 180 – 189                                                                                                                               2                 2
 190 – 199                                                                                                                               1                 2
 200 – 209                                                                                                                               3                 1
 210 – 219                                                                                                                               5                 7
 220 – 229                                                                                                                               2                 4
 230 – 239                                                                                                                               4                 2
 240 – 249                                                                                                                               2                 0
 250 – 259                                                                                                                               0                 1
 360 – 369                                                                                                                               0                 1
 370 – 379                                                                                                                               1                 0
 400 – 409                                                                                                                               0                 1
 410 – 419                                                                                                                               1                 1
 470 – 479                                                                                                                               1                 0
 540 – 549                                                                                                                               1*                0
 580 – 589                                                                                                                               1*                1*
 620 – 629                                                                                                                               0                 1*
 1,200 – 1,210                                                                                                                           1*                0
 1,320 – 1,329                                                                                                                           0                 1*

 *Includes vesting of Long Term Incentive Scheme and payment of Short Term Incentive.




 DIRECTORS’ LOANS
 There were no loans by the Company to Directors.




 DIRECTORS’ INSURANCE
 The Group has arranged policies of Directors’ Liability Insurance, which together with a Deed of Indemnity, ensures that generally Directors will incur no
 monetary loss as a result of actions undertaken by them as Directors. Certain actions are specifically excluded, for example the incurring of penalties and
 fines, which may be imposed in respect of breaches of the law.




112
SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
The ordinary shares of Port of Tauranga Limited are listed on NZX. The information in the disclosures below has been taken from the Company’s registers as
at 18 August 2016.




TWENTY LARGEST ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS

                                                                                                                          Number of        % of Issued
Holder                                                                                                                   Shares Held             Equity

Quayside Securities Limited                                                                                                73,687,536             54.14
New Zealand Central Securities Depository Limited                                                                          13,810,784             10.15
Custodial Services Limited (3 a/c)                                                                                          4,740,609               3.48
Custodial Services Limited (2 a/c)                                                                                          2,059,088               1.51
Kotahi Logistics LP                                                                                                         2,000,000               1.47
FNZ Custodians Limited                                                                                                      1,749,842               1.29
Custodial Services Limited (4 a/c)                                                                                          1,523,620               1.12
Custodial Services Limited (18 a/c)                                                                                         1,274,139               0.94
Investment Custodial Services Limited                                                                                         998,426               0.73
Forsyth Barr Custodians Limited                                                                                               615,163               0.45
Masfen Securities Limited                                                                                                     545,000               0.40
Custodial Services Limited (1 a/c)                                                                                            543,028               0.40
Custodial Services Limited (16 a/c)                                                                                           485,950               0.36
JBWere (NZ) Nominees Limited (55215 a/c)                                                                                      425,000               0.31
New Zealand Depository Nominee Limited                                                                                        308,813               0.23
Lloyd James Christie                                                                                                          307,000               0.23
Karen Maureen Pensabene                                                                                                       260,000               0.19
ASB Nominees Limited (729140-ML)                                                                                              203,125               0.15
Fraser Grant McKenzie and Dorothy Ann McKenzie                                                                                200,306               0.15
Colin John Boocock                                                                                                            192,900               0.14
Total                                                                                                                     105,930,329             77.84




DISTRIBUTION OF EQUITY SECURITIES

                                                                                                         Number of        Number of        % of Issued
Range of Equity Holdings                                                                                   Holders       Shares Held             Equity

1 – 5,000                                                                                                     9,168        13,470,969               9.90
5,001 – 10,000                                                                                                  825         6,088,615               4.47
10,001 – 50,000                                                                                                 430         8,160,905               6.00
50,001 – 100,000                                                                                                  17        1,194,231               0.88
100,001 and over                                                                                                  29      107,201,526             78.76
Total                                                                                                        10,469       136,116,246            100.00




                                                                                                                                                           113
 Statutory Information (Continued)
 As at 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited



 SUBSTANTIAL SECURITY HOLDERS
 The following information is given in accordance with section 26 of the Securities Amendment Act 1988. According to notices received, the following
 persons were substantial security holders in the Company as at 18 August 2016.

                                                                                                                            Number of
 Holder                                                                                                                    Shares Held                    %

 Quayside Securities Limited                                                                                                73,687,536                 54.14

 The total number of issued voting securities of the Company as at 18 August 2016 was 136,116,246.




 DIRECTORS’ SECURITY HOLDINGS

                                                                                            Beneficially Held             Held by Associated Persons

                                                                                           30.06.16          30.06.15          30.06.16          30.06.15

 A W Baylis                                                                                       0                 0            10,000            10,000
 K R Ellis                                                                                        0                 0            12,550            12,550
 J C Hoare*                                                                                       0                 0                 0                   0
 A R Lawrence                                                                                     0                 0                 0                   0
 D W Leeder**                                                                                     0                 0                 0                   0
 D A Pilkington                                                                                   0                 0                 0                   0
 M J Smith                                                                                        0                 0            22,370            22,370

 *Appointed 20 August 2015.
 **Appointed 22 October 2015.




 DONATIONS
 Donations of $28,490 were made during the year ended 30 June 2016.




 STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING
 The Company’s shares are listed on the New Zealand Stock Exchange.




 NEW ZEALAND EXCHANGE (NZX) WAIVERS
 The Company currently has no NZX waivers.




 CREDIT RATING
 The Company during the year ended 30 June 2016 had a Standard and Poor’s rating of BBB+/Stable/A-2.




114
Financial and Operational Five Year Summary
As at 30 June 2016: Port of Tauranga Limited



FINANCIAL

                                                                              Year               Year               Year              Year               Year
                                                                              2016              2015               2014              2013               2012
                                                                              $000              $000               $000              $000               $000

Operating income                                                           245,521           268,460            266,538           244,147            227,242
EBITDA                                                                     143,180           143,161            141,642           134,992            128,898
Surplus after taxation – reported                                           77,314            79,148             78,252           112,123             73,469
Surplus after taxation – underlying                                         77,314            79,007             78,252            77,228             73,469
Dividends paid related to earnings                                          72,142            69,419             63,035            63,035             44,258
Total equity                                                               885,684           887,550            812,419           793,878            733,874
Net interest bearing debt                                                  308,420           287,379            254,471           190,787            187,183
Total assets                                                             1,322,367         1,297,018          1,154,883         1,112,581          1,033,878
Interest cover (times)                                                          7.0               7.2                7.8               8.3                  8.2
Shareholders’ equity (%)                                                      67.0               68.4              70.3               71.4              71.0
Return on average equity (%)                                                    8.7               9.3                9.7              10.1              10.2
Share price ($)                                                              19.50              17.30             15.45              13.90             11.08
Market capitalisation ($)                                                2,654,267         2,354,811          2,072,096         1,864,215          1,486,008
Net asset backing per share ($)                                               6.51               6.52              6.06               5.92              5.47
Underlying earnings per share (cents per share)                               56.8               58.1              58.3               57.6              54.8

The Board approved a final dividend of 30.0 cents per share ($40.8 million) and a special dividend of 25.0 cents per share ($34.0 million) after year end
payable on 7 October 2016.




OPERATIONAL

                                                                              Year               Year               Year              Year               Year
                                                                              2016              2015               2014              2013               2012

Cargo throughput (000 tonnes)                                               20,120            20,179             19,737            19,065             18,452
Containers (TEU)                                                           954,006           851,106            759,587           848,384            796,024
Net crane rate (container moves per hour)*                                    35.6               35.5              36.9               34.5              30.6
Ship departures                                                              1,482              1,555             1,612              1,529             1,501
Berth occupancy (%)                                                             46                 46                43                 40                  40
Total cargo ship days in port                                                2,504              2,528             2,364              2,232             2,189
Turn-around time per cargo ship (days)                                          1.6               1.6                1.5               1.5                  1.4
Cargo tonnes per ship                                                       13,549            12,510             12,921            12,469             12,123
Average cargo ship gross tonnage (GT)                                       26,665            25,018             24,924            24,641             22,435
Average cargo ship length overall (metres)                                     190               185                187                187                  179
Number of employees – Port of Tauranga Limited                                 194               193                191                185                  169
Lost time injuries (LTI – frequency)**                                          5.6               2.9                3.1              14.1                  5.9
Total injury (frequency rate)                                                   5.6              14.7                3.1              31.0              26.8

*As measured by the Australian Productivity Commission.
**Number of lost time claims per million hours worked.
Operational data relates to the Parent Company as opposed to the Group.




                                                                                                                                                                  115
 Company Directory


 DIRECTORS                                              SOLICITORS
 D A Pilkington                                         Holland Beckett
 Chair                                                  Tauranga
 A W Baylis
 J M Cronin (retired 22 October 2015)
                                                        BANKERS
 K R Ellis
                                                        ANZ National Bank Limited
 J C Hoare (appointed 20 August 2015)
                                                        Bank of New Zealand
 A R Lawrence
                                                        Commonwealth Bank of Australia
 D W Leeder (appointed 22 October 2015)
 M J Smith
 K Tempest (retired 22 October 2015)                    CREDIT RATING AGENCY
                                                        Standard & Poor’s (S&P)
                                                        Australia
                                                        Port of Tauranga Limited’s rating: BBB+/Stable/A-2
 EXECUTIVE
 M C Cairns
 Chief Executive
                                                        SHARE REGISTRY
 S G Gray
 Chief Financial Officer                                For enquiries about share transactions, change of address
                                                        or dividend payments contact:
 S M Lunam
 Corporate Services Manager                             Link Market Services Limited
                                                        PO Box 91976
 L Sampson                                              Victoria Street West
 Commercial Manager                                     Auckland 1142
 D Kneebone                                             Telephone              09 375 5998
 Property & Infrastructure Manager                      Facsimile              09 375 5990
                                                        Email                  enquiries@linkmarketservices.co.nz

 REGISTERED OFFICE
 Salisbury Avenue
                                                        FINANCIAL CALENDAR
 Mount Maunganui
                                                        7 October 2016         Final dividend payment
 Private Bag 12504
 Tauranga Mail Centre                                   20 October 2016        Annual Meeting
 Tauranga 3143                                          23 February 2017       Half year results announcement
 New Zealand
                                                        March 2017             Interim Report published
 Telephone              07 572 8899
 Facsimile              07 572 8800                     10 March 2017          Interim dividend payment
 Internet               www.port-tauranga.co.nz         30 June 2017           Financial year end
 Email                  marketing@port-tauranga.co.nz
                                                        24 August 2017         Annual results announcement
                                                        September 2017         Annual Report published

 AUDITORS
 Glenn Keaney
 KPMG
 Tauranga
 (On behalf of the Auditor-General)




116                        Port of Tauranga Limited
117
      NEW ZEALAND’S

                      www.port-tauranga.co.nz



118
