THIS REPORT
HONOURS THE
STRENGTH AND
RESILIENCE OF OUR
RELATIONSHIPS,
OUR PEOPLE AND
OUR PORT.




                    PORT OF
                    TAURANGA
                    LIMITED –
                    INTEGRATED
                    ANNUAL
                    REPORT 2020
/ PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




      PORT OF TAURANGA
      REMAINS
      NEW ZEALAND’S
      LARGEST AND MOST
      EFFICIENT PORT.
                     It is the international freight
                     gateway for the country’s imports
                     and exports. It is the only New
                     Zealand port able to accommodate
                     larger container vessels, unlocking
                     economic and environmental
                     benefits for shippers.



                      P
                             ort of Tauranga handles 32% of all New Zealand
                             cargo, 37% of New Zealand exports and 41% of all
                             shipping containers.
                     We provide our customers with highly effective supply chains
                     through our investment in other ports, inland freight hubs,
                     cargo handling expertise and logistics services. We have
                     the people and expertise to deliver excellent care of our
                     customers, sustainable and wide-reaching benefits to our
                     community, and strong financial returns to our shareholders.
                     Port of Tauranga creates jobs and wealth for the Tauranga
                     community, the wider Bay of Plenty region and beyond. Our
                     national network reaches to Whangarei, Auckland, Hamilton,
                     Timaru and Christchurch.
                     Port of Tauranga is New Zealand’s Port for the Future.
/1
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




     TABLE OF
     CONTENTS




/2
4/    HIGHLIGHTS AND CHALLENGES
8/    CHAIR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS
20/   INTEGRATED REPORTING
22/   COMPANY OVERVIEW
      – Our purpose
      – Our values
      – Our national network
28/   HOW PORT OF TAURANGA CREATES VALUE
30/   WHAT MATTERS MOST
      – Stakeholder engagement and materiality
31/   MANAGING RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES
34/   OUR STRATEGIES FOR THE FUTURE
38/   CAPITAL #1 – OUR RELATIONSHIPS
44/   CAPITAL #2 – OUR PEOPLE
50/   CAPITAL #3 – OUR SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE
56/   CAPITAL #4 – OUR ENVIRONMENT
66/   CAPITAL #5 – OUR ASSETS AND INFRASTRUCTURE
70/   CAPITAL #6 – OUR FINANCES
74/   BOARD OF DIRECTORS
76/   SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM
78/   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
120/ CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT
128/ FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL FIVE YEAR SUMMARY
130/ COMPANY DIRECTORY
                                                           /3
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 HIGHLIGHTS AND CHALLENGES
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




 CHALLENGE
 IS OUR
 OPPORTUNITY
                Group Net Profit After Tax                                      Total trade              Container volumes


                $90.0
                million (decreased 10.5%
                                                                           24.8
                                                                   million tonnes (decreased 7.9%
                                                                                                         1.25
                                                                                                      million TEUs1 (up 1.5%)
                  from $100.6 million)                                from 26.9 million tonnes)



                           Revenue                                                Imports                      Exports



             $302.0
              million (from $313.3 million)
                                                                              9.0
                                                                     million (decreased 7.8% from
                                                                                                         15.8
                                                                                                       tonnes (decreased 8.0%
                                                                           9.8 million tonnes)        from 17.1 million tonnes)




                 Total shareholder return                                                                   Final dividend



            23.34%
                annual compounding rate
                                                                      18.4%
                                                                      increase in Subsidiary and
                                                                                                            6.4
                                                                                                    cents per share (total ordinary
                                                                     Associate Company earnings
                    over last decade                                                                dividend 12.4 cents per share)



                      Container crane
                      productivity rate



                    34.4                                              15.3% reduction in total
                                                                                                         25%
                                                                                                    reduction in Total Recordable
                                                                            carbon emissions          Injury Frequency Rate for
                   moves/hour (up from
                                                                                                    combined contractors/Port of
                    33.6 moves/hour)
                                                                                                              Tauranga




       1
        TEUs = Twenty foot Equivalent Units – a standard measure of shipping containers
/4
/5
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 HIGHLIGHTS AND CHALLENGES
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




/6
                                             Ship visits


    240%
   increase in staff-led safety
                                      1,515
                                      (down 9.7% from 1,678)
                                                                             106
                                                                            cruise ship visits
         interventions                                                  (down from 116 last year)




                                                                           Commissioned a ninth


2,000+
  people hosted on port tours
                                             16
                                      educational scholarships
                                                                         container crane and seven
                                                                     straddle carriers, including three
                                                                               hybrid models

                                            for students




 Extended long-term operating      Agreed to form 50:50 venture       The Government’s Upper North
agreement with Kotahi Logistics,   with Tainui Group Holdings to        Island Supply Chain review
 New Zealand’s biggest exporter    develop Ruakura Inland Port           recommended the move of
     of containerised cargo                 at Hamilton                 much of Auckland’s cargo to
                                                                           Whangarei’s Northport
                                                                     (50% owned by Port of Tauranga)




       Compliance costs                   Regional transport         Wide-ranging impact on business
        continue to rise            infrastructure continues to be    from the Covid-19 pandemic,
                                    under strain due to population     including but not limited to
                                   growth and increased economic     shipping cancellations, reduced
                                      activity over the long term      cargo volumes, operational
                                                                           challenges and cost,
                                                                        and economic recession in
                                                                       New Zealand and the world




                                                                                                          /7
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 THE YEAR IN REVIEW:
 CHAIR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S
 REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS




                      The 2020 financial year was
                      a tumultuous one, and we
                      are extremely grateful for
                      the strength, resilience and
                      fortitude demonstrated by the
                      Port of Tauranga team.




            RESILI

/8                                                            MA R K CA IR NS – Chief Executive
IENCE
 Our systems, processes
 and people were tested
                                                                                                  DAVID PILK INGTON – Chair


                                                           As an essential service, Port of Tauranga continued
                                                           trading through all Government alert levels.
                                                           For the financial year ended 30 June 2020, Port of

 in a myriad of ways.                                      Tauranga handled a total of just over 24.8 million tonnes
                                                           of cargo, a decrease of 7.9% on the previous year.
 The effects of the ongoing                                Containerised cargo grew 1.5% in volume, to more
                                                           than 1.25 million TEUs.
 Covid-19 global pandemic                                  Group Net Profit After Tax was $90.0 million, compared
 still reverberate in all                                  with $100.6 million in 2019. The Board has declared
                                                           a final dividend of 6.4 cents per share.
 parts of our business and
 the long-term impact                                      Dividend policy reviewed



                                                           T
                                                                   he Board has reviewed our dividend policy
 remains uncertain.                                                in the light of the pandemic and its fallout.
                                                                   Our special dividend scheme will be
                                                           suspended, with funds reserved to accelerate capital
 2020 results                                              expenditure such as our planned container berth
                                                           extension. Our policy is to maintain an ordinary


 O
         ur diversity of cargoes and income streams,       dividend payout of between 70% and 100% of
         strong balance sheet and ongoing vigilance        Underlying Net Profit After Tax
         regarding costs have helped Port of Tauranga
 to weather the initial impact of the Covid-19 pandemic.



                                                                                                                          /9
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




             Hub port strategy success                               The project is of national scale and significance and



              P
                                                                     will add to Port of Tauranga’s strong and growing
                       artnerships with our key customers are
                                                                     capacity to serve the Auckland, Waikato and Bay of
                       an integral feature of Port of Tauranga’s
                                                                     Plenty regions. It combines the Port’s expertise in
                       long-term success and ability to invest
                                                                     developing and operating ports, the deep regional
             in building capacity.
                                                                     connections of Tainui and the scale and efficiencies
             We have extended our strategic alliance with            offered by the site.
             Kotahi, New Zealand’s largest containerised
                                                                     It will also unlock significant environmental and
             freight exporter.
                                                                     economic benefits for freight customers using the
                                                                     rail-connected inland port.
  All of our business units reduced                                  The facility will cover approximately 30 hectares,
  emissions compared with the                                        with 192 surrounding hectares earmarked for
                                                                     logistics and industrial uses. The project has
  previous year.                                                     attracted Government funding for roading
                                                                     connections, as has a new industrial park under
                                                                     development to the port’s east, at Rangiuru near
                                                                     Te Puke.
             The renewed agreement extends Kotahi’s freight
             volume commitment to Port of Tauranga for an
                                                                     Carbon emissions cut by 15.3%
             additional seven years, through to mid-2031.


                                                                      M
             Kotahi manages freight on behalf of more than 40                     easuring, understanding and reducing
             of New Zealand’s importers and exporters, including                  our carbon emissions is a big focus and
             its shareholders Fonterra and Silver Fern Farms.                     we are proud to report that the Company
                                                                     has cut its overall emissions by 15.3% compared with
             The alliance has already brought significant benefits
                                                                     the previous financial year.
             to New Zealand. When it was established in 2014,
             it paved the way for the introduction of the next       Much of the decrease has come through a waste
             generation of larger, more efficient container ships    minimisation programme that reduced the volume
             to New Zealand – and with them a lower carbon           of waste going to landfill from the Mount Maunganui
             supply chain.                                           wharves by 48.5%. Significantly more waste is
                                                                     being recycled instead, and we believe we can still
             In September, we celebrated the 20th anniversary
                                                                     generate further improvements in this area.
             of our MetroPort Auckland freight hub, the country’s
             first true intermodal inland port. MetroPort’s rail     All of our business units reduced emissions
             links and strategic location in the South Auckland      compared with the previous year.
             industrial belt give shippers easy access to the big    Our emissions are certified through the Certified
             ship services that call at Port of Tauranga.            Emissions Measurement and Reduction Scheme
             We’ve replicated the intermodal model at our            (CEMARS) and audited by Toitū Envirocare. It is
             MetroPort Christchurch facility at Rolleston, and       important to us that our emissions reduction strategy
             we are now partnering with Tainui Group Holdings        is not based on hollow promises or “greenwashing”.
             to develop an inland port in Hamilton.                  Our approach is to break down every part of our
                                                                     business to ensure we are making lasting and
             Ruakura Inland Port partnership announced               tangible change.



              P
                       ort of Tauranga and Tainui Group Holdings
                       are forming a 50:50 joint venture to bring
                       the Ruakura Inland Port at Hamilton to
             fruition within two years.
             The new joint venture will take an initial 50-year
             ground lease to establish the inland port, and plans
             to start operations at Ruakura following the opening
             of the nearby Hamilton section of the Waikato
             Expressway, currently scheduled for late 2021.

/ 10
/ 11
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




               Cargo volume trends                                     and feed imports increased 20.1% in volume. Grain



                E
                                                                       imports increased 26.1% in volume.
                        xports decreased 8.0% in volume to nearly
                        15.8 million tonnes and imports decreased      Oil product imports decreased 12.3% in volume,
                        7.8% to just over 9.0 million tonnes for the   reflecting the economic conditions.
               year ended 30 June 2020.
                                                                       Transhipment rates remained steady, despite the
               In the first half of the financial year, log volumes    overall decline in cargo volumes. Transhipment,
               were hit by lower international prices and demand.      where cargo is transferred from one ship to another
               By March, positive signs were emerging in China,        at Tauranga, increased 0.2% overall.
               our major log export market, as business there
                                                                       Ship visits decreased by 9.7%, from 1,678 to 1,515
               returned to normal and demand increased.
                                                                       for the year.
               However, log and other forestry product exports
                                                                       Impact of Covid-19 pandemic
               were deemed a non-essential cargo during the Level


                                                                        P
               4 lockdown from late March. Inventory stored at our              ort of Tauranga felt the impacts of Covid-19
               Mount Maunganui wharves could be shipped to                      well before the virus reached New Zealand.
               make way for essential cargoes, but no new exports               As China extended its New Year shutdown to
               came through the port gates until early May.            contain the outbreak, log inventories in China surged
                                                                       and exports from New Zealand shrunk considerably.
               Overall, log volumes decreased 21.5% compared
               with the previous year, to 5.5 million tonnes. Sawn     As New Zealand imposed its own strict border
               timber exports decreased 10.4% in volume. Pulp and      controls and subsequent local lockdown, we had
               paper exports increased slightly over the full year.    a duty to ensure that imports and exports could flow
                                                                       unimpeded across our wharves. We implemented
               Dairy product exports increased 1.7% to nearly
                                                                       extensive measures to protect our people, trade
               2.4 million tonnes. Meat products increased 15.4%
                                                                       and the community.
               in volume.
                                                                       These included cleaning of all shared work
               Kiwifruit export volumes remained steady, with
                                                                       stations and equipment between shifts, and more
               increasing volumes shipped via container.
                                                                       frequent cleaning of shared facilities such as staff
               Imported fertilisers remained steady in volume          rooms, toilets and vehicles. Shifts and teams were
               compared with the previous year, while protein          separated, including on breaks.

/ 12
Non-essential shuttle transport for international crews
was suspended, effectively cancelling crew shore          Dairy product exports
leave. Electronic transactions were encouraged at our
Tauranga container terminal and MetroPort Auckland.
                                                          increased 1.7% to nearly 2.4
Our administration offices were closed to visitors, in-
                                                          million tonnes. Meat products
person meetings were cancelled and all employees          increased 15.4% in volume.
who could work from home were asked to do so.
Our IT team worked long hours to ensure this was as
seamless as possible.                                     Cruise ship season disrupted



                                                           I
Our health and safety team sourced vital supplies               n December, 38 passengers visiting Tauranga
of personal protective equipment and cleaning                   on the Ovation of the Seas cruise ship were
supplies to protect our frontline workers. Disposable           caught in a volcanic eruption while visiting
gloves and masks remain in use by maritime pilots         Whakaari White Island, approximately 90 kilometres
and the crew members they come into contact with.         away. The ship extended its stay at Tauranga by
                                                          several days and a karakia was held by local iwi Ngāi
Essential cargoes prioritised                             Te Rangi before its departure. A total of 47 people



 I
        mporters were encouraged to identify              were killed or injured as a result of the eruption.
        cargo required for essential services before      In February, the unfolding Covid-19 crisis threw cruise
        its arrival in New Zealand so that it could be    ship schedules into chaos, with multiple service
handled and transported first. The dwell charges          changes and cancellations through to mid-March,
deadline for priority cargo was extended to provide       when the Government announced a ban on cruise
relief to our customers while ensuring cargo was          ships entering New Zealand waters. One of our
collected promptly.                                       regular cruise ship visitors, the Noordam, spent five
As Level 4 lockdown was introduced from 25 March,         nights on an unscheduled layover, with only crew on
we made arrangements in both Tauranga and Auckland        board, in early March following a charter cancellation.
to ensure non-essential cargo could be temporarily        In total, Port of Tauranga lost 16 cruise ship visits
stored on or off-site until it could be collected by      from the end of the 2019/2020 season, and we
truck or transferred by rail to MetroPort Auckland.       are currently not budgeting for any visits in the
Dwell charges were suspended for these cargoes.           2020/2021 season.




                                                                                                                    / 13
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




                                           Lessons from lockdown



                                          T
                                                   he pandemic revealed the strength of our
                                                   team in many ways.
                                                    During the lockdown, we utilised our in-
                                           house resources and remote support to commission
                                           our ninth container crane.
                                           The crane arrived in parts from Ireland in mid-
                                           February, was assembled on site and then moved
                                           several hundred metres on to the berth.
                                           The Tauranga Container Terminal team handled a
                                           record container exchange in April, obliterating all
                                           previous records. The Sally Maersk container ship
                                           exchanged 9,367 TEUs over two and a half days
                                           before departing Tauranga for Kaohsiung in Taiwan.




   STRON
  TOGETH                                   At the same time, another 1,772 TEUs were
                                           exchanged on two other vessels, all while
                                           maintaining the physical separation of workers
                                           demanded by Covid-19 lockdown restrictions.
                                           Many of our team were anxious about continuing
                                           to work through the lockdown and concerned for
                                           the health of our loved ones. However, they also
                                           realised their privilege in continuing to work while
                                           many people in our region lost their jobs or worked
                                           reduced hours.
                                           The crisis pushed many local families into vulnerable
                                           positions and our team suggested we make a one-
                                           off donation to the Tauranga Community Foodbank,
                                           which the Port donates to each Christmas. We made
                                           a $25,000 donation in late April.



/ 14
NGER
HER
 Log ship stranded at harbour entrance                  Upper North Island Supply Chain



 O
                                                        Review continues
         ur team’s resilience was once more put


                                                        I
         to the test when a departing log ship lost          n February 2018, the Government announced
         engine power at the harbour entrance                an Upper North Island Supply Chain Review
 during extreme weather in July.                             as part of the coalition agreement between
                                                        Labour and New Zealand First. A working group
 The MV Funing drifted to the edge of the shipping
                                                        recommended that Ports of Auckland’s cargo
 channel and became entangled in a marker buoy.
                                                        volumes be shifted to Northport.
 Our marine team, including maritime pilots and tug
 boat crews, managed to tow the disabled vessel to      A subsequent review of the working group’s
 a deeper anchorage. The ship was subsequently          recommendations was undertaken by economic
 towed into port for further inspections and repairs.   consultants Sapere. It concluded that a new port
                                                        on the Manukau Harbour was the best option for
                                                        Auckland cargo, with the second best option being
                                                        Port of Tauranga.




                                                                                                            / 15
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 SCALING                                                      U
/ 16
P
A Government decision has been deferred until after
the 2020 election and a detailed feasibility study
would still be required to test whether a Manukau
Harbour option is even possible, given the major
shipping issues, costs and environmental impact.


In the meantime, Port of Tauranga
continues to increase capacity without
increasing our existing footprint.
Sapere’s report is the latest of more than 20 reports
to examine this issue in the last 15 years. In our view,
if all port companies simply priced and invested to
achieve a cost of capital return, a natural hierarchy
of ports would emerge quite quickly. Ultimately,
Auckland City ratepayers and the Government
need to decide whether they wish to fund a major
new port or utilise the current well-performing and
efficient assets at Northport and Port of Tauranga.
In the meantime, Port of Tauranga continues to
increase capacity without increasing our existing
footprint. International experts have told us that
Port of Tauranga can easily accommodate up to
2.8 million TEUs on our current land holdings.
There is also the opportunity to factor in the future
freight handling capacity of the Ruakura Inland
Port in Hamilton.




                                                           / 17
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




                     Changes to the leadership team                           for seven years and has more than three decades’



                      D
                                                                              experience in health and safety.
                                 uring the year we had two retirements
                                 from the Senior Management Team              Two other appointments have also been made to the
                                 – our award-winning Chief Financial          Senior Management Team. Melanie Dyer, formerly
                     Officer of 13 years, Steve Gray, and our Corporate       Trustpower’s General Manager People and Culture,
                     Services Manager, Sara Lunam.                            started in August as our new Corporate Services
                                                                              Manager. Our Communications Manager, Rochelle
                     Simon Kebbell, formerly Port of Tauranga’s Finance and
                                                                              Lockley, will join the team in September.
                     IT Manager, became Chief Financial Officer in July.
                                                                              Prestigious business award for
         Chair David Pilkington was                                           Port of Tauranga Chair

         named Chairperson of the
                                                                              C
                                                                                      hair David Pilkington was named
                                                                                      Chairperson of the Year at the Deloitte Top
         Year at the Deloitte Top 200                                                 200 Business Awards. David joined the Port

         Business Awards.                                                     of Tauranga Board in July 2005 and has been Chair
                                                                              since 2013.
                                                                              His win scored a hat trick for Port of Tauranga Limited
                     As part of its succession planning, Port of Tauranga     at the prestigious annual awards. Mark Cairns won the
                     appointed Leonard Sampson to the newly-created           accolade for Chief Executive of the Year in 2012, while
                     position of Chief Operating Officer, reporting to the    Chief Financial Officer, Steve Gray, won CFO of the
                     Chief Executive. Leonard was the Port’s Commercial       Year in 2017.
                     Manager for seven years after joining the Company
                     from KiwiRail.                                           External influences on our business



                                                                               P
                     Blair Hamill, formerly Zespri International’s Chief               ort of Tauranga’s ability to create value for
                     Global Supply Officer, took up the Commercial                     our stakeholders is impacted by multiple
                     Manager position in July.                                         external factors. They include economic
                                                                              conditions, trade trends and longer-term influences
                     Port of Tauranga’s longstanding Group Health and         such as technological and social change. We also
                     Safety Manager, Pat Kirk, has joined the Senior          operate within the context of the current political
                     Management Team. Pat has been with the Company           environment, both locally and nationally.




/ 18
                                                            and kiwifruit exports likely to be the strongest
We are grateful for the ongoing                             performers in terms of growth.
support of our community and                                We are unlikely to see international cruise

iwi as we play our role in the                              ship traffic this coming summer.
                                                            We are still confident of growth over the
management of and recovery                                  long-term and, given the lead time required
from the Covid-19 pandemic.                                 for any investment, we continue to pursue
                                                            capacity expansion.
                                                            We will provide earnings guidance for
        The impacts of the Covid-19 pandemic, and           the 2021 financial year at our Annual
        the resulting worldwide economic recession,         Shareholders’ Meeting on 30 October 2020,
        remain difficult to quantify. Its effects will be   once we have a feel for the first quarter’s
        far-reaching and long-term. We are already          trade and the ongoing influence of the
        seeing more attention on supply chain               Covid-19 pandemic on the global economy.
        resilience and a trend to regionalisation (as       Thank you
        opposed to globalisation). We expect lower


                                                            W
        carbon alternatives to become increasingly                     e are grateful for the ongoing
        important to shippers.                                         support of our community and
                                                                       iwi as we play our role in the
        We continue to use our relationships to             management of and recovery from the
        gather market intelligence and our networks         Covid-19 pandemic.
        to influence public policy.
                                                            We would also like to pay tribute to our amazing
        Historic growth                                     team members, contractors, suppliers, partners
                                                            and customers, who have kept the port moving
        We have achieved a compound annual                  through extremely challenging times and
        growth rate of 4.76% in cargo throughput            who continue to make Port of Tauranga
        over the last 15 years. The rate of container       New Zealand’s Port for the Future.
        throughput growth has been 7.5% per
        annum over the same period, with both
        rates outpacing the 2.8% increase in GDP
        between 2002 and 2019.
        The average annual compounding Total                DAVID PILKINGTON               MARK CAIRNS
        Shareholder Return over the last decade has         Chair			Chief Executive
        been 23.34%.

        Market outlook for 2021 and beyond
        Our long-term track record means we have
        a strong credit rating and we believe we are
        well placed to weather the Covid-19 storm.
        The short and medium impacts of the
        Covid-19 pandemic are still uncertain.
        We expect cargo volumes to slowly recover
        over the next three years, with dairy product




                                                                                                               / 19
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 INTEGRATED
 REPORTING




       Welcome to Port of Tauranga’s
       integrated annual report for the 2020
       financial year. This report outlines how
       Port of Tauranga creates value for our
       stakeholders over the short, medium
       and long term. We aim to communicate
       our strategy, governance, performance
       and prospects.


                     O
                              ur reporting follows the internationally-
                              recognised <IR> Framework of the
                              International Integrated Reporting
                      Council3 and is consistent with the principles
                      and recommendations of the NZX Corporate
                      Governance Code4.
                      This year, for the first time, we have also indicated
                      how we contribute to meeting the aspirations
                      outlined in the United Nations Sustainable
                      Development Goals5. The goals seek to tackle
                      some of the biggest and most urgent global
                      challenges, such as inequality, climate change
                      and environmental degradation. We have
                      also expanded our description of climate-
                      related risks and opportunities, in line with the
                      recommendations of the Taskforce for Climate-
                      related Financial Disclosures6.
                      In this report, we examine the capitals, resources
                      or inputs that we use or affect: our relationships,
                      our people, our skills and knowledge, our
                      environment, our assets and infrastructure, and our
                      finances. We outline the capabilities and strengths
                      we add, describe our activities and outputs,
                      and the resulting outcomes for our stakeholders.
                      We define “stakeholders” as anyone who has
                      something to gain, or something to lose, from
                      Port of Tauranga’s activities.
                      Last year, we surveyed our internal and external
                      stakeholders to identify what issues matter most to
                      them. We’ll repeat these conversations next year



                      3
                        https://integratedreporting.org
                      4
                        https://www.nzx.com/regulation/nzx-rules-guidance/corporate-governance-code
                      5
                        https://www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment/
                      6
                        https://www.fsb-tcfd.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/FINAL-2017-TCFD-Report-11052018.pdf



/ 20
to ensure our strategies focus on those issues        Integrated thinking, actions and reporting will
that are the highest priority for our stakeholders.   help us ensure the best possible outcomes
                                                      for our shareholders, employees, customers,
Our carbon emissions are audited annually
                                                      partners and community.
by Toitū Envirocare using the CEMARS
certification. We intend to seek assurance on
other non-financial data in future.
We will continue to enhance our non-financial
reporting to increase our transparency and            DAVID PILKINGTON
build credibility and trust with our stakeholders.    Chair




                                                                                                        / 21
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 COMPANY OVERVIEW:
 OUR PURPOSE




 Port of Tauranga works
 with its long-term partners
 to deliver highly effective
 logistics networks that
 meet the needs of the
 New Zealand supply chain.



       W
                  e deliver sustainable returns, while taking
                  appropriate risks, for our shareholders and work
                  to cultivate a prosperous city, region and nation.
       Our success is only possible through the efforts of a proud,
       safe and motivated workforce. We also rely on the ongoing
       support of our communities, which in turn look to us to be
       responsible participants in our shared environments.




            6,216 TEU total
                                                      2.8kmtotal quay length,
                                                                                      45ha    of land
                 ground slots                                with 14 berths                in Auckland




            3,426  dedicated
                                                            238
                                                         permanent employees
                                                                                    190ha     of land
              reefer connections                         (up from 230 in 2019)             in Tauranga




          14.5m   shipping
                                                         15ha
                                                          of land in Rolleston
                                                                                    53 9
                                                                                 straddle carriers    container
                channel depth                              near Christchurch        (up from 46    cranes (up from
                                                                                    straddles in     8 cranes in
                                                                                       2019)            2019)




/ 22
/ 23
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 COMPANY OVERVIEW:
 OUR VALUES




 Our core
 values inform
 everything we do




 SAFETY
 INTEGRITY
 INNOVATION
 COMMUNICATION
 TEAMWORK




/ 24
/ 25
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 COMPANY OVERVIEW:
 OUR NATIONAL NETWORK




                                                                             4
                                                                             Northport



                                                              Auckland
                                                                         3
                                                                                              Port of Tauranga
                                                                                    Ruakura
                                                                             2                   1
                                                                  Hamilton

                                                                                               Murupara




                                                                                                            Napier




                                                                                 Wellington




                                                              Christchurch
                                                                  5

                                                     Timaru
                                                       6

                                                                                 KEY

                                                                                          State Highway 1
                                                                                          State Highway 2
                                                                                          Golden Triangle
                                                                                          Rail Network
                          Invercargill                                                 	East Coast Main
                                                                                         Trunk Rail Network




/ 26
                                      1
                                     PARENT COMPANY

                                     • New Zealand’s largest port and international freight gateway
                                     • Container terminal, bulk cargo wharves and bunkering/bulk liquids facilities
                                     • Extensive cargo storage and handling facilities
                                     • Rail connections to Hamilton, Auckland and the central North Island
                                     • Extensive road networks and coastal shipping connections.




                                                                           METROPORT
                                                                           AUCKLAND



  1       2     3      5     6             4                                3                                   2
50% OWNERSHIP                             50% OWNERSHIP WITH MARSDEN       OPERATED BY PARENT                  PLANNED 50:50 JOINT VENTURE
WITH KOTAHI                               MARITIME HOLDINGS                COMPANY AND KIWIRAIL                WITH TAINUI GROUP HOLDINGS

• 	Freight logistics group              •	Deep water commercial port    •	Inland port in the heart of      •	Inland port connected by rail
     incorporating Tapper                    near Whangarei.                  Auckland’s commercial               to Tauranga and Auckland.
     Transport, Dairy Transport                                               and industrial area, connected
     Logistics, Priority Logistics                                            by rail to Tauranga and
     and MetroPack                                                            Hamilton
• 	50% shareholding in                                                    •	New Zealand’s fourth largest
     MetroBox                              1      3                           container terminal.
• 	Operates New Zealand’s               50% OWNERSHIP WITH PORTS
     largest intermodal freight           OF AUCKLAND
     hub at Otahuhu in Auckland
• 	Operates freight hub at              •	Online cargo
     Crawford Street, Hamilton.                management system.




METROPORT
CHRISTCHURCH




 5                                        5       6                        1      6                            6
OPERATED BY TIMARU                        50.1% OWNERSHIP                  100% OWNERSHIP                      50% OWNERSHIP WITH
CONTAINER TERMINAL                        WITH KOTAHI                                                          TIMARU DISTRICT HOLDINGS

•	Intermodal freight hub                 • 	Direct links to Tauranga    • 	Specialist cargo handling       • Commercial port in Timaru
   at Rolleston                                                                services company with
                                          • 	Operates MetroPort                                               •	Bulk cargoes including major
                                                                               operations at Tauranga
•	Rail connections to Timaru                 Christchurch at Rolleston.                                          cement handling facility
                                                                               and Timaru.
   Container Terminal and                                                                                      • New oil terminal.
   rest of South Island
•	New warehouse built for
   Coda Group.




                                                                                                                                             / 27
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




       HOW PORT
       OF TAURANGA
       CREATES VALUE

                            INPUTS                                          OUR
                                                                        CAPABILITIES
                                                                                  Can-do attitude

                                                                         Sector-leading safety performance
                Our relationships               Our people

                                                                                      Flexibility

                                                                            History of sound commercial
                                                                              infrastructure investment

                                                                           Deep understanding of supply
                                                                                 chain dynamics
                Our environment           Our skills and knowledge
                                                                          Proven ability to execute strategy

                                                                       Located close to cargo catchments and
                                                                             linked by road, rail and sea

                                                                     Cost-effective and competitive labour model

                                                                               Strong and transparent
          Our assets and infrastructure        Our finances
                                                                               governance framework

                                                                        Strong financial and risk management




/ 28
           OUR
         OUTPUTS
Growing trade volumes based on long-term
  freight agreements with key customers

 Constructive partnerships with iwi and our
  community, focussed on harbour health,
    education and youth development

Consistent, reliable and efficient performance
through safe and resilient operations within a
       competitive operating model

Innovative investments in other ports, inland
  freight hubs, logistics and cargo handling
                  specialists                      OUTCOMES
  Strategic land holdings on both sides of
 Tauranga Harbour and other key locations
                                                    FOR OUR
  Cargo handling equipment and storage
                                                 STAKEHOLDERS
   capacity that enables cargo growth             Enduring, mutually beneficial partnerships

 Proactive pollution prevention and focus on       A proud, safe and motivated workforce
  energy efficiency and waste minimisation
                                                 Highly effective logistics networks that meet
            Strong balance sheet                 the needs of the New Zealand supply chain

      Job creation (direct and indirect)           Responsible environmental stewardship

 Dividends paid to shareholders, including              Appropriate risk and return for
 regional ratepayers (through cornerstone                    our shareholders
          shareholder, Quayside)
                                                      Prosperity for local, regional and
     Tourism income from visiting cruise                   national communities
              ship passengers




                                                                                                 / 29
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




  WHAT
  MATTERS
  MOST
                                                     The top 12 material issues for Port of
       Stakeholder                                   Tauranga can be summarised as:
                                                                                              This report outlines
       engagement and                                • Health, safety and wellbeing           our strategies, recent
       materiality                                   • Stormwater management                  progress, and
                                                                                              commentary on how
                                                     • Biosecurity                            we utilise the available
       Port of Tauranga’s business strategies        • Customer satisfaction and trust        resources to address
       are focused on the issues that matter                                                  these issues.
                                                     • Air quality management
       most to our community, iwi, customers,
                                                                                              We engage our
       suppliers, partners and investors.            • Port capacity and expansion            stakeholders regularly
       In 2019, we engaged an independent            • Profitability                          across a variety of
       expert to consult our internal and external                                            formal and informal
                                                     • Workforce engagement
       stakeholders about the “material issues”                                               communications channels
       most likely to impact the way we create       • Geographic reach                       and we will formally
       or erode value. They include economic,                                                 consult our stakeholders
                                                     • Community engagement
       environmental and social issues.                                                       again in the next
                                                     • Land transport networks                12 months. This ensures
                                                                                              we continue to prioritise
                                                     • Iwi engagement.
                                                                                              resources to improve our
                                                                                              performance in the most
                                                                                              important areas.
                                                                                              The assessment of
                                                                                              our top issues informs
                                                                                              our risk management
                                                                                              framework, outlined in
                                                                                              the following pages.




/ 30
MANAGING
RISKS AND
OPPORTUNITIES
Port of Tauranga has extensive                                                    Kermadec fault line, which it estimates
programmes in place to identify,           Spotlight on:                          has a 1-4% chance of occurring in the
manage and mitigate any risks
to our employees, our Company,
                                           Seismic risk                           next 100 years. It shows the effect on
                                                                                  the inner harbour would be significantly
our community and our environment.                                                lower than on the ocean side.
This allows us to pursue business growth   Tauranga City Council has undertaken   We have installed earthquake monitors
and grow shareholder returns while         extensive modelling based on a         on our wharf infrastructure to monitor
we protect our people, our assets,         tsunami of up to 14 metres resulting   even the slightest seismic activity and
the environment and our reputation.        from a magnitude 9 earthquake on the   its effects.
Port of Tauranga’s Board of Directors
is responsible for ensuring risk is
managed effectively. The Board
considers strategic, operational,
financial and compliance risk.
                                                                                                   Harbour Inundation - Year
While risks are continuously evolving,                                                             2130, SLR 1.25m, 1%AEP

we have identified our top strategic                                                                  0.1 to 0.25m
                                                                                                      0.25 to 0.5m
risks as:                                                                                             0.5 to 1m
                                                                                                      Above 1m
•	Maintaining the health, safety
   and wellbeing of our people
•	Protecting our social licence
    to operate
•	Legal and regulatory risk
• A natural disaster event
•	Commercial and business risk
    due to global economic
    or geopolitical situations
• Malicious cyber attack
• A vessel foundering in the channel.
More detail on the potential
consequences and how we mitigate
these risks is outlined in the Corporate
Governance Statement on our
website: www.port-tauranga.co.nz




                                                                                                                               / 31
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



       MANAGING RISKS
       AND OPPORTUNITIES




                                                                                      The regional impacts from climate change include
       Spotlight on: Climate-related                                                  an increased likelihood of heatwaves, increased storm
       risks and opportunities                                                        intensity, and droughts that are more frequent, longer
                                                                                      and more intense. More frequent extreme rainfall events
                                                                                      are also a possibility7.
       We have considered the guidelines of the Task Force on                         Current models show potential for flooding along wharf
       Climate-related Financial Disclosures. There are two major                     edges and of Port of Tauranga land at the southern end
       categories of climate-related impacts:                                         of the Mount Maunganui wharves, and to the south of the
       •	The risks and opportunities related to New Zealand’s                        container terminal at Sulphur Point. Sea level rise analysis
          transition to a lower-carbon economy                                        shows there is likely to be minimal impact to current wharf
                                                                                      structures under most scenarios8.
       •	The risks and opportunities related to the physical
          impacts of climate change.                                                  Our measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions are
                                                                                      outlined in Our Environment on page 56.
       Projections of climate change depend on future
       greenhouse gas emissions, which are uncertain.
       Port of Tauranga relies on the projections used by central
       Government agencies – including the Ministry for the
       Environment, the Ministry for Primary Industries and the
       National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research
       (NIWA) – for the Bay of Plenty. We also consider scenario
       planning by the Bay of Plenty Regional Council and the
       Tauranga City Council.




       7
           https://www.mfe.govt.nz/climate-change/likely-impacts-of-climate-change/how-could-climate-change-affect-my-region/bay-of
       8
           https://www.tauranga.govt.nz/Portals/0/data/living/natural_hazards/files/niwa_sea_level_analysis_report.pdf
/ 32
MANAGING RISKS
AND OPPORTUNITIES

                           Examples                                       Potential impacts

Transition risks

                           • Increased reporting requirements             • Increased compliance costs

                           • Costs of transition to lower               • Increased capital expenditure
                              emissions technology                           and operating costs

                           • Changing customer, investor                • Reduced demand from
                               and community expectations                    customers and/or investors,
                               and supply/demand                             e.g. for imported coal

                           • Changes to Government and
                               regulator policies

                           • Technological improvements
                               and innovations

Transition opportunities

                           • Use of more efficient modes of transport   • Lower operating costs

                           • Increased recycling                        • New revenue sources

                           • Reduced energy use and greater use        • Increased demand from
                              of lower-emission energy sources                customers and/or investors

                           • Changing customer and investor
                               expectations and supply/demand

                           • Technological improvements
                               and innovations

Physical risks

                           • Increased severity and occurrence          • Increased operating costs
                               of extreme weather events with
                               the potential to damage equipment
                               and infrastructure

                           • Rising sea levels impacting on port       • Increased insurance premiums
                                land and operations

                           • Productivity impacts or supply chain      • Increased capital expenditure
                              disruption due to acute or chronic             to replace or repair equipment
                              climate change                                 and infrastructure

                           • Increased biosecurity risk due             • Impact on cargo volumes due
                               to warmer, wetter conditions                  to decreased productivity,
                               allowing invasive pests and weeds             especially in primary sectors,
                               to become established                         due to extreme weather events
                                                                             or a warmer climate

                                                                          • Impact on primary production
                                                                               from the establishment of
                                                                               invasive pests

Physical opportunities

                           • Investment in more resilient equipment,    • Lower operating costs from
                               infrastructure and technologies                 more efficient equipment
                                                                               and technologies

                                                                          • New or increased revenue
                                                                               streams as a result of increased
                                                                               productivity in some primary
                                                                               sectors due to warmer weather
                                                                                                                  / 33
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




  OUR STRATEGIES                  Our strategies to address the issues important to our stakeholders are outlined here,
  FOR THE FUTURE                  along with recent progress. More details can be found in the sections following:

                                                                                                              ALIGNED UN
   MATERIAL                       OUR                            RECENT                                       SUSTAINABLE
   ISSUES                         STRATEGIES                     PROGRESS                                     DEVELOPMENT GOALS9


   Health, safety                 •	Encourage a positive        •	Implemented extensive changes to
   and wellbeing                     health, safety and             work practices to protect workers
                                     wellbeing culture,             from Covid-19
                                     where incidents
   Refer to:                                                     •	Extra attention to employee mental
                                     are prevented and
                                                                    wellbeing as we continue to recover
   Our relationships                 wellbeing is proactively
                                                                    from the challenges and related
   Our skills and                    managed
                                                                    stress of Covid-19
   knowledge
                                  •	Prepare for crises and
   Our people                                                    •	Bronze level accreditation (from
                                     emergencies through
                                                                    Toi Te Ora Public Health) for
                                     thorough planning,
                                                                    our comprehensive wellness
                                     testing and training.
                                                                    programme, ShipShape
                                                                 •	Implemented policies and
                                                                    training about domestic violence,
                                                                    discrimination, bullying and
                                                                    harassment, diversity and inclusion
                                                                 •	Design and ongoing implementation
                                                                    of a comprehensive training
                                                                    and development programme
                                                                    for all employees
                                                                 •	A 25% reduction in injury rate
                                                                    for combined Port of Tauranga
                                                                    and contractors
                                                                 •	Increased reporting of “near misses”
                                                                    reflecting a proactive health and
                                                                    safety culture
                                                                 •	Training exercises involving NZ Police,
                                                                    Customs, Maritime NZ, Fire and
                                                                    Emergency NZ and other border
                                                                    agencies and emergency services.


   Stormwater                     • Protect biodiversity and    •	Extensive and regular stormwater
   management                        marine habitats through        monitoring as part of the resource
                                     responsible stewardship        consent for stormwater management
                                     of the harbour, including      at our Mount Maunganui wharves.
   Refer to:                         pollution prevention.
   Our environment
   Our skills and
   knowledge
   Our relationships



   Biosecurity                    • Avoid or minimise pest      • 	Continued to work with border
                                     incursions to protect            agencies and primary producers
                                     native biodiversity and          through our award-winning
   Refer to:                         the local economy                Biosecurity Excellence Partnership
   Our environment
                                  • Utilise technology and      •	In partnership with Kiwifruit
                                     the knowledge of the            Vine Health (KVH), held our third
                                     wider Port community            annual Biosecurity Week for
                                     to increase threat              frontline port workers
                                     detection.
                                                                 •	Supported the Tauranga Moana
                                                                    Biosecurity Capital initiative.



/ 34    9
            https://www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment/
                                                                                              ALIGNED UN
MATERIAL            OUR                            RECENT                                     SUSTAINABLE
ISSUES              STRATEGIES                     PROGRESS                                   DEVELOPMENT GOALS9


Customer            •	Create new and build        •	Extended long-term freight
satisfaction           on existing long-              agreement with Kotahi,
and trust              term partnerships              New Zealand’s largest
                       with a diverse                 container exporter
                       range of customers,
Refer to:                                          •	Partnered with Tainui Group
                       including shipping
                                                      Holdings to develop an inland
Our relationships      lines, importers and
                                                      port at Ruakura, Hamilton
Our skills and         exporters
knowledge                                          •	Continued to work with large
                    •	Foster a customer-
Our people                                            customers to predict and plan
                       centric, can-do attitude
                                                      for demand.
Our finances           across the team.



Air quality         •	Monitor fumigation          •	Supported industry moves to
management             on port premises to            phase out the use of methyl
                       ensure processes and           bromide for log fumigation by
                       procedures are strictly        incentivising bark removal, resulting
Refer to:              followed and workers           in a significant decrease in the
Our relationships      and the community are          amount of fumigant used
Our skills and         protected
                                                   •	Ensured fumigation is carried out
knowledge
                    •	Support forestry               according to regional and national
Our environment        industry efforts to            standards, including meeting
                       reduce methyl bromide          recapture targets
                       fumigant use
                                                   •	Closely monitored dusty cargo
                    •	Manage dust through            exchanges to prevent pollution
                       sealed wharf and
                                                   •	Improved and refined dust
                       cargo storage areas,
                                                      recovery procedures for vacuum
                       intense sweeping,
                                                      sweeper trucks
                       dust reduction
                       and suppression             • 	Low sulphur fuel use reduced air
                       techniques and                   pollution since January 2020.
                       technology
                    •	Support the move to
                       low sulphur fuel to
                       reduce air pollution
                       from ships.



Port capacity       • 	Keep ahead of              • 	Commissioned our ninth container
and expansion           customer demand                 crane during lockdown
                        through targeted
                                                   • 	Commissioned seven new
                        commercial investment
Refer to:                                               straddle carriers, including three
                        in shipping channel
                                                        hybrid models
Our assets and          widening and
infrastructure          deepening, investment      • 	Progressed plans to extend the
Our finances            in cargo handling               container terminal wharves to the
Our skills &            equipment and berth             south, using existing port land
knowledge               extensions
                                                   • 	Commenced demolition of a
                    • 	Maximise efficiency            container terminal shed to create
                        within current footprint       more cargo storage space.
                        by utlising technology.




                                                                                                                   / 35
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




                                                                                                          ALIGNED UN
   MATERIAL                 OUR                               RECENT                                      SUSTAINABLE
   ISSUES                   STRATEGIES                        PROGRESS                                    DEVELOPMENT GOALS9


   Profitability            •	Provide sustainable            •	Paid interim dividend of
                               shareholder returns               $40.8 million
                               through revenue
   Refer to:                                                  •	Reviewed special dividend policy to
                               growth from diverse
   Our finances                                                  expedite capital expenditure plans
                               income streams,
                               increased trade, new           • Renewed debt facilities
                               customers/cargoes,
                                                              •	Diligent attention to costs due to the
                               operational efficiencies
                                                                 economic impact of Covid-19
                               and prudent cost
                               management                     •	S&P raised Port of Tauranga’s long-
                                                                 term credit rating from BBB+ to A–
                            •	Retain Standard &
                                                                 in August 2019 and affirmed the A-2
                               Poor’s (S&P) long-term
                                                                 short-term rating.
                               issuer credit rating.



   Workforce                •	Deliver world-leading          •	76% of employees took up our 2018
   engagement                  productivity through              share offer. An estimated 95% of
                               the teamwork of a                 employees are shareholders
                               proud, engaged and             •	Employee satisfaction grew to
   Refer to:                   satisfied workforce               74% (up from 70%) in our latest
   Our people                  where talent is                   engagement survey
   Our skills and              recruited, nurtured,
   knowledge                   retained and                   •	240% increase in employee-led
                               recognised.                       safety interventions across the port
                                                              •	Nine out of 10 employees agree the
                                                                 Company consistently demonstrates
                                                                 a genuine commitment to health
                                                                 and safety.




   Geographic reach         •	Invest in infrastructure       •	Partnership with Tainui Group
                               for more efficient (and           Holdings to develop the Ruakura
                               lower carbon) bigger              Inland Port in Hamilton
   Refer to:                   ships
   Our assets and                                             • Transhipped containers have
   infrastructure           •	Grow Port of                      increased 225% since 2016.
   Our skills and              Tauranga’s hinterland
   knowledge                   beyond the Bay of
                               Plenty
   Our relationships
                            •	Provide connectivity
                               for international
                               shipping via road,
                               rail and sea, utilising
                               inland freight hubs in
                               Auckland, Hamilton
                               and Christchurch
                            •	Utilise our network’s
                               expertise to eliminate
                               waste from the supply
                               chain and influence
                               sustainable practices.



/ 36
                                                                                            ALIGNED UN
MATERIAL            OUR                          RECENT                                     SUSTAINABLE
ISSUES              STRATEGIES                   PROGRESS                                   DEVELOPMENT GOALS9


Community           •	Invest in community       •	Sponsored community events
engagement             infrastructure, the          and projects such as Tauranga
                       arts, education, sport,      Arts Festival
                       economic growth and
Refer to:                                        •	Hosted members of the public
                       the environment
Our relationships                                   for annual port tours
                    •	Take an active interest
                                                 •	Provided 16 scholarships to tertiary
                       in youth development
                                                    students in two schemes
                    •	Be a good neighbour
                                                 •	Increased communication and
                       by connecting with and
                                                    engagement through social media
                       listening to community
                                                    and other channels.
                       interests and concerns
                       and actively working
                       together on them.




Land transport      •	Take a collaborative      •	Implemented a vehicle booking
networks               approach to proactive        system at the container terminal
                       land transport               and incentivised traffic outside of
                       management with              peak hours
Refer to:              KiwiRail, Waka Kotahi
                                                 •	Continued to lobby for investment
Our assets and         NZ Transport Agency,
infrastructure                                      in regional infrastructure, including
                       Tauranga City Council,
                                                    state highway designation for Totara
Our environment        Bay of Plenty Regional
                                                    Street, Mount Maunganui.
Our relationships      Council and the
                       Ministry of Transport.




Iwi engagement      •	Create and maintain       •	Investment in harbour health and
                       relationships with the       education through the Ngā Mātarae
                       three iwi with mana          Charitable Trust, including seven
Refer to:              whenua status in             scholarships for 2020
Our relationships      Tauranga Moana to
                                                 •	Awarded nine Turirangi Te Kani
Our environment        protect cultural and
                                                    Memorial educational scholarships
                       spiritual values and
                                                    for 2020
                       foster education.
                                                 •	Consulted iwi regarding
                                                    resource consent applications
                                                    for the extension to the container
                                                    terminal wharves.




                                                                                                                 / 37
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 CAPITAL #1
 OUR RELATIONSHIPS




 NURTURING
 STRONG
 RELATIONSHIPS

                      Port of Tauranga seeks
                      long-term, mutually
                      beneficial relationships with
                      a diverse range of customers,
                      communities and business
                      partners. This helps us plan
                      for the future.



                     W
                                  e take pride in our reputation for
                                  a can-do attitude and innovative
                                  approach to typical challenges faced
                      by our customers. We seek bold solutions to
                      tricky problems and look for the same qualities
                      in our suppliers and partners.
                      We invest in our community, especially in
                      infrastructure, and take an active interest
                      in youth development and education. We aim
                      to be a good neighbour by connecting with,
                      and listening to, our community.



/ 38
                                           FUTURE
                                            FOCUS
      MATERIAL                        Port of Tauranga will protect
                                     our social licence with the local
       ISSUES                          community, to maintain our
                                  day-to-day operations as well as plan
Customer satisfaction and trust     for the future. We will create and
                                    nurture strong relationships with
  Community engagement               our neighbours, interest groups
      Iwi engagement.                and regulatory bodies – locally,
                                         regionally and nationally.




                                                                          / 39
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 CAPITAL #1
 OUR RELATIONSHIPS




                                                                                                   2,000+
          Joint venture established with             Extension of long-term freight                    people hosted
            Tainui Group Holdings to                    agreement with Kotahi                          on port tours
          develop Ruakura Inland Port




                     16                                       53%
              tertiary scholarships                      increase in Facebook
                     awarded                                page followers




       KOTAHI CONFIRMS
       TAURANGA AS
       ITS PORT FOR
       THE FUTURE
       Port of Tauranga has extended our
       long-term volume commitment agreement
       with Kotahi, New Zealand’s largest
       containerised freight exporter.



       T
                he renewed agreement extends Kotahi’s                The collaboration between our two companies gives us
                commitment to Port of Tauranga for an additional     the confidence to invest further in expanding our container
                seven years, through to mid-2031. Kotahi manages     terminal. The alliance has already brought significant
       freight on behalf of more than 40 of New Zealand’s            benefits to New Zealand, including the introduction of
       importers and exporters, including its shareholders           more efficient big ships and, with them, a lower carbon
       Fonterra and Silver Fern Farms.                               supply chain.




/ 40
CUSTOMER
RELATIONSHIPS
FOR THE
LONG-TERM
Port of Tauranga has long-term
commitments with other key customers.
                                                                CONNECTIONS
                                                                WITH TAURANGA
                                                                MOANA IWI
                                                                Port of Tauranga works both formally and
                                                                informally with Maori organisations and
                                                                the three iwi with mana whenua status in
                                                                Tauranga Moana – Ngāi Te Rangi, Ngāti
                                                                Ranginui and Ngāti Pūkenga.



 I                                                              T
      n December 2018, we renewed our operating
                                                                         he Ngā Mātarae Charitable Trust brings together
      agreement with key customer Oji Fibre Solutions,
                                                                         the Port, the three iwi, the Mauao Trust and the
      New Zealand’s biggest producer of pulp, paper and
                                                                         Tauranga Moana Iwi Customary Fisheries Trust.
packaging products. Oji committed to consolidating the
                                                                It was founded six years ago to balance the impact on the
majority of its import and export volumes through Port of
                                                                cultural and spiritual values of local Maori from the harbour
Tauranga for another decade.
                                                                capital dredging project completed in 2016. It is funded
Oji has pulp and paper mills in the central North Island        through an annual grant from the Port.
and eastern Bay of Plenty and its relationship with Port of
                                                                The Ngā Mātarae Charitable Trust offers scholarships
Tauranga dates back to the 1950s. Oji leases a purpose-
                                                                to tertiary students studying subjects that could benefit
built, 22,000m2 warehouse at Port of Tauranga’s container
                                                                Te Awanui Tauranga Harbour and sponsors projects to
terminal (pictured above) as well as other facilities nearby.
                                                                improve harbour health, such as a pipi relocation project
Another purpose-built facility, a coolstore at the Mount        involving local school children and university researchers.
Maunganui wharves, is leased to Tauranga Kiwifruit
                                                                In 2020, scholarships were awarded to seven tertiary
Logistics, which handles exports for Zespri International.
                                                                students in their first, second or third year of study.
We also work closely with the major log exporters,
                                                                Port of Tauranga also provides educational scholarships
giving us valuable insight into short and long-term trends
                                                                through the Turirangi Te Kani Memorial scheme,
and forecasts.
                                                                established 30 years ago in honour of a much-respected
                                                                kaumatua. In 2020, the Port provided nine scholarships
                                                                under the scheme, for first, second and third years of study.



                                                                                                                                / 41
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 CAPITAL #1
 OUR RELATIONSHIPS




       DIVIDENDS PAID
       TO REGIONAL
       RATEPAYERS
       Port of Tauranga’s main shareholder is
       Quayside Holdings, the investment arm
       of the Bay of Plenty Regional Council.
       Quayside received dividends of $67.4
       million over the past year.
                                                                        PORT SUPPORT FOR
                                                                        BAY OF PLENTY
                                                                        COMMUNITIES
                                                                        Port of Tauranga sponsorship has helped
                                                                        provide and protect valued community
                                                                        infrastructure and equipment.




        S
               ince the company was listed on the New Zealand
               Stock Exchange in 1992, Quayside has received
               a total of more than $860 million in dividends.
       In addition, Quayside has used its 54.14% shareholding
       in Port of Tauranga to establish a $200 million infrastructure
       fund to help pay for regional assets. It was set up in 2008
       through a share issue by Quayside and has been used
       so far to kickstart projects such as the Opotiki Harbour
       transformation, the Tauranga tertiary campus, the Tauranga
       marine precinct and the Scion Innovation Hub in Rotorua.



                                                                        W
                                                                                    e helped fund the Pilot Bay boardwalk in
                                                                                    Mount Maunganui (pictured), the purchase
                                                                                    of the Bay of Plenty TECT rescue helicopter’s
                                                                        specialist winch, and floodlighting at the Bay of Plenty
                                                                        Oval cricket ground. We have also purchased two patrol
                                                                        boats for the Tauranga Yacht and Power Boat Club
                                                                        to support young sailors learning on the harbour.
                                                                        Through a partnership with Tauranga City Council, we also
                                                                        supported the enhancement of the popular walkways
                                                                        on Mauao, the landmark mountain at the entrance to
                                                                        Tauranga Harbour and the port.




/ 42
DONATING TO
GOOD CAUSES
Port of Tauranga is a long-term supporter
of community organisations making a
difference in the Bay of Plenty. The last
six months, especially, have been incredibly
tough for the charities assisting the most
vulnerable in our community.
                                                           BACKING FOR
                                                           LOCAL EVENTS
                                                           Port of Tauranga supports the creation
                                                           of vibrant communities through event
                                                           sponsorship. The Company is a founding
                                                           sponsor of the biennial Tauranga
                                                           Arts Festival.




 P
        ort of Tauranga donates money every Christmas
        to the Tauranga Community Foodbank. During
        the Covid-19 lockdown, the pressure on the
foodbank escalated rapidly, and the Port decided to make
a $25,000 gift. This was on top of the $10,000 donation
made in December.
In addition to our Christmas gift to the foodbank,
Port of Tauranga employees annually nominate another
charity to receive an end-of-year donation. The 2019
recipient was the Waikato/Bay of Plenty Cancer Society.
The $5,000 donation was made in honour of the Port’s


                                                           I
former Corporate Services Manager, Terry James,                n the past year, the Port has also sponsored
who lost his fight with cancer last year.                      the Ngāi Te Rangi Rangatahi Summit to develop
                                                               youth leadership and a wide range of other
During and after the lockdown, we were able to donate
                                                           community events.
some cleaning supplies and protective gear to local
organisations, including anti-viral disinfectant to SPCA   Although Tauranga won’t be hosting any America’s Cup
Tauranga and face masks and gloves to local marae          racing, we were pleased to waive the cargo handling fees
community outreach workers.                                for Emirates Team New Zealand’s race yacht Te Aihe on
                                                           her way to and from Europe through our container terminal
                                                           (pictured above).
                                                           Where local events have been cancelled or postponed
                                                           due to Covid-19, we have converted our sponsorship into
                                                           a one-off donation.


                                                                                                                       / 43
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 CAPITAL #2
 OUR PEOPLE




  LONG-TERM
  HEALTH
  & WELLBEING

                      Port of Tauranga delivers
                      world-leading productivity
                      through the teamwork
                      of a proud, engaged and
                      satisfied workforce.



                     W
                                   e encourage a positive
                                   health, safety and
                                   wellbeing culture and
                      foster an inclusive and equitable
                      workplace. We aim to recruit talent,
                      nurture it, retain it and recognise it.




/ 44
                                        FUTURE
                                         FOCUS
                                 Port of Tauranga will continue to
                                foster a positive health, safety and
                                wellbeing culture, where risks are
    MATERIAL                   proactively managed and mitigated.
     ISSUES                    Our thorough planning, preparation
                                and practice will help us deal with
                                 any challenges, emergencies or
Health, safety and wellbeing   crises. We will encourage teamwork
  Workforce engagement            and collaboration as the means
                                    to achieve our aspirations.




                                                                       / 45
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 CAPITAL #2
 OUR PEOPLE




                   3%                                         74%                                     53%
                  Staff turnover                       Job satisfaction increased                    of job vacancies
                                                         (up from 70% in 2017)                       filled internally




                                                                     Regular newsletters helped to promote coping strategies,
       LOOKING AFTER                                                 share online resources and maintain social connections.

       OUR PEOPLE’S                                                  ShipShape was launched in 2018 to bring together
                                                                     existing and new wellbeing initiatives and is driven by

       WELLBEING                                                     a committee of team members from across the business.
                                                                     The programme has bronze accreditation under the
                                                                     WorkWell framework of Toi Te Ora Public Health.
       The Covid-19 pandemic has made the                            Team-building events promoted through ShipShape
       nurturing of our people’s health and happiness                include the annual Tough Guy and Gal extreme off-road
       more important than ever.                                     running event in Rotorua, Steptember and the Aotearoa
                                                                     Bike Challenge.




       O
               ur employee wellbeing programme, ShipShape,           Port of Tauranga employees can access subsidised
               provided the perfect platform to promote              health insurance, free annual health assessments and
               physical, mental and emotional health at a            skin checks, flu vaccinations, financial advice and an
       time when people’s work and personal routines were            exercise membership subsidy. The Company also provides
       undergoing immense upheaval.                                  a free, confidential employee assistance programme
                                                                     through Vitae.



/ 46
             76%                                         18%                                                     2.5
      of employees participated                           of workforce                                    Total Recordable Injury
          in latest staff share                             is female                                 Frequency Rate per million hours
            ownership offer                                                                            worked (the same as last year)




Age and Gender Proﬁle                              Length of Service (Years)
80                                                 150
70
                                                   120
60
50
                                                   90
40
30                                                 60
20
10                                                 30

 0                                                  0
     20–29   30–39   40–49   50–59   60–69   70+         < 10   11 - 20    21 - 30   31 - 40   > 40
      Male             Female                            Male             Female




FEWER INJURIES                                                            We are finalising the design of a comprehensive training
                                                                          and development programme to ensure we are meeting

ACROSS PORT                                                               our targets for safety and other training.
                                                                          Port of Tauranga’s prioritisation of health and safety is
COMMUNITY                                                                 reflected in the results of our employee engagement
                                                                          survey, with nine out of ten respondents agreeing that
                                                                          the Company consistently demonstrates a genuine
Safety is one of our core values and we expect                            commitment to health and safety.
all of the companies that operate on the port to
share our attitudes to keeping people safe.




W
              e identify, understand and minimise hazards.
              All near misses and incidents are recorded,
              analysed and acted on.
Our Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR)
remained at 2.5 per million hours worked, the same rate
as last year. Our people suffered one lost-time injury – a
minor lower back strain. We have a good team reporting
culture, and saw a 240% increase in employee-led safety
interventions across the port.
Port of Tauranga and contractors combined achieved
another big improvement with a 25% decrease in the TRIFR
to 4.5 per million hours worked.


                                                                                                                                         / 47
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 CAPITAL #2
 OUR PEOPLE




       PROTECTING OUR
       PEOPLE FROM
       DISCRIMINATION
       In the past few years, Port of Tauranga
       has implemented a suite of policies to help
       avoid unlawful or unacceptable behaviour
       in the workplace.




                                                                     EMPLOYEE
                                                                     SATISFACTION
                                                                     INCREASES
                                                                     We conducted our biennial employee
                                                                     engagement survey in late February and early
                                                                     March 2020, just before the Covid-19 lockdown.



       T
               hese include policies to manage diversity and
               inclusion; discrimination, bullying and harassment;
               and domestic violence leave.
       All have been implemented with training for team leaders
       and processes in place to address any complaints.




                                                                     T
                                                                             he survey results showed that employee job
                                                                             satisfaction had grown to 74%, up from 70%
                                                                             in late 2017.
                                                                     Focus groups are developing action plans to address
                                                                     the issues raised, such as improving the way we recognise
                                                                     excellent performance within teams.




/ 48
PROMOTING
INCLUSIVITY
AT PORT OF
TAURANGA
Port of Tauranga strives to provide a
workplace that recognises and values different
skills, abilities, genders, ages, ethnicities
and experiences.
                                                             ATTRACTING
                                                             WORKERS OF
                                                             ALL AGES
                                                             To try and attract younger workers into
                                                             port-related careers, Port of Tauranga offers
                                                             a range of cadetship, apprenticeship, internship,
                                                             scholarship and casual job opportunities.




I
      n 2019 we updated and extended our Diversity
      and Inclusion Policy to give the Board of Directors,
      management and all employees more clearly defined
roles and objectives.
The Board has a gender balance target of at least 40%
females and 40% males to hold director, executive and
manager level positions by 2025.
At the end of the financial year, director, executive
and manager positions held by females was 17%,
with two females joining the Senior Management Team


                                                             W
after year-end.                                                       e also seek to retain the skills and experience of
                                                                      older workers by adapting individual roles when
Overall, 18% of our employees are female.
                                                                      requested and where possible.




                                                                                                                           / 49
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 CAPITAL #3
 OUR SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE




  SKILLS TO
  OVERCOME
  CHALLENGES

                      Port of Tauranga takes an
                      integrated view of the supply
                      chain, leading us to invest in
                      other ports, inland freight
                      hubs, cargo handling expertise,
                      transport operations and
                      logistics services.



                     O
                              ur collaborative approach
                              eliminates waste from the
                              supply chain.
                      We share our expertise with the
                      wider industry and government
                      agencies, taking a leadership role
                      in national forums.




/ 50
                                            FUTURE
                                             FOCUS
      MATERIAL                        Port of Tauranga will continue to
       ISSUES                       invest to match customer demand.
                                     We will maximise efficiency within
Customer satisfaction and trust        our current footprint through
                                   innovation and utilising technology.
        Port capacity              We will expand our network through
                                       partnerships, to better serve
      Geographic reach
                                  New Zealand importers and exporters.




                                                                          / 51
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 CAPITAL #3
 OUR SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE




                 34.4
             average moves per hour
               per container crane
            (up from 33.6 moves/hour)




                                                                 The need to keep all workers safe by maintaining
       RECORDS BROKEN                                            physical distances meant some things took a little longer
                                                                 than usual, but the teams demonstrated patience,
       DURING COVID-19                                           cooperation and commitment. Four ship-to-shore
                                                                 cranes were used, with operators achieving a ship rate
       LOCKDOWN                                                  of 97.49 moves per hour – an impressive 160% more
                                                                 efficient than the national average.
                                                                 The effort was made possible by the Port of Tauranga
       The Tauranga Container Terminal team broke
                                                                 and Quality Marshalling teams, our service providers
       all previous records for container handling
                                                                 Independent Stevedoring Limited and C3 Limited,
       when the Sally Maersk visited in April.                   as well as transport providers. Border agencies Customs
                                                                 New Zealand and the Ministry for Primary Industries also



        A
                 total of 9,367 TEUs were exchanged over         ensured the quick processing of imported containers.
                 two and a half days before the ship departed
                 Tauranga for Kaohsiung in Taiwan.
       The exchange completely eclipsed the previous record
       exchange of just under 7,000 TEUs. At the same time,
       another 1,772 TEUs were exchanged on two other vessels.




/ 52
NEW CONTAINER
CRANE PUT
INTO SERVICE
The commissioning of Port of Tauranga’s
newest and largest container crane was another
epic achievement during lockdown.



                                                              WORKING WITH
                                                              ENFORCEMENT
                                                              AGENCIES
                                                              Port of Tauranga works closely with
                                                              New Zealand Police and Customs to detect
                                                              any criminal activity within the port gates.




T
         he commissioning of Port of Tauranga’s newest
         and largest container crane was another epic
         achievement during lockdown.
Our ninth ship-to-shore gantry crane arrived in parts from
Ireland in mid-February on a special purpose delivery
ship. It was assembled on site and moved several hundred
metres on to the berth in a 48-hour operation.
It started work just 11 weeks after it arrived.
The new crane can load and unload container ships up
to 49 metres or 19 containers wide, compared with the
18 container reach of the Port’s other large cranes.



                                                               L
The project was a great achievement by the Port of Tauranga           ocal police officers undergo a Port of Tauranga
team, assemblers Rich Rigging and manufacturers Liebherr,             safety induction so they can quickly respond
based in Ireland. The crane was mostly assembled prior                to any emergencies on site. Regular patrols are
to the Covid-19 Level 4 lockdown, with commissioning          complemented by access to the Port’s security camera
and testing supported remotely by engineers at the            footage when required.
Liebherr factory in Ireland.
                                                              Other government agencies with a regulatory role in
The decision was made to move the crane onto the wharf        border protection and safety at the port include the
during lockdown to free up the construction zone for          Ministry for Primary Industries, WorkSafe, Maritime NZ
much-needed storage space for containerised cargo.            and the Tauranga Harbourmaster.
It was also safer for the crane to be anchored onto the
rails on the berth in case of stormy weather.




                                                                                                                        / 53
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 CAPITAL #3
 OUR SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE




       LINKING SHIPPERS
       TO NATIONAL
       NETWORKS
       Our network of ports, inland freight hubs and
       transport links ensures New Zealand importers
       and exporters have ready access to the most
       efficient supply chain, no matter their location.


                                                                       PROVIDING THE
                                                                       MOST EFFICIENT
                                                                       SUPPLY CHAIN
                                                                       Dedicated container trains run up to 12 times
                                                                       per day between Tauranga and our inland
                                                                       freight hub, MetroPort Auckland.




       W
                   e established our market-leading inland freight
                   hub, MetroPort Auckland, two decades ago,
                   connecting Auckland-based shippers with
       Port of Tauranga by rail.
       In 2015 we replicated this successful model in the South
       Island by establishing MetroPort Christchurch at Rolleston.
       MetroPort Christchurch is linked to our Timaru Container
       Terminal by rail, giving importers access to the Christchurch
       metropolitan area and exporters access to our fast
       international services.
       We are now working with Tainui Group Holdings to


                                                                       T
       establish the Ruakura Inland Port near Hamilton.                        hrough a process we call “triangulation”, imported
                                                                               containers are railed to Auckland, where trains are
                                                                               then filled with emptied containers for transfer
                                                                       to Fonterra in Hamilton. There, the train is reloaded with
                                                                       cargo bound for export from Tauranga.
                                                                       Triangulation avoids the need to constantly relocate
                                                                       empty containers via road and sea, reducing lead times
                                                                       and costs for shippers, optimising train capacity and
                                                                       avoiding carbon emissions.




/ 54
STILL NEW
ZEALAND’S
MOST EFFICIENT
CONTAINER PORT
The Ministry of Transport monitors the
productivity of New Zealand’s six largest
container ports, through quarterly reviews10.


                                                                                       SHARING OUR
                                                                                       EXPERTISE
                                                                                       Port of Tauranga participates in multiple local
                                                                                       and national forums to address the issues facing
                                                                                       our industry, our communities and the country
                                                                                       as a whole.




                                                                                        D
                                                                                                  uring the Covid-19 pandemic, we have been
                                                                                                  invited to lend our expertise to a range of


 I
       n calendar year 2019, Port of Tauranga handled 55%                                         government-related forums and working groups,
       more containers than Ports of Auckland, and 228%                                including Parliament’s Epidemic Response Committee.
       more cargo tonnes overall11.
                                                                                       We are heavily involved in port sector safety strategy and sit
Port of Tauranga’s average crane rate (containers per                                  on the Covid-19 related Maritime Border Working Group.
hour per crane) in calendar year 2019 was 34.4, up from                                We hold leadership roles in the Port Industry Association
33.6 moves per hour in 2019 and well ahead of the national                             and Maritime NZ/WorkSafe joint port sector groups.
average of 30.1 moves per hour.
                                                                                       We also take an active role in regional and national business
Tauranga’s ship rate was an average of 83.4 moves per                                  organisations such as Priority One, the Bay of Plenty
hour, compared with the national average of 62.3.                                      region’s economic development agency.
In Australia, the top five container ports had an average
crane rate of 30.8 moves per hour in the six months to
June 2019 (the most recent figures available) and an average
ship rate of 64.6 moves per hour12.




10
   https://www.transport.govt.nz/mot-resources/freight-resources/figs/port-container-handling/
11
  https://www.transport.govt.nz/mot-resources/freight-resources/figs/trade/tables/
12
   https://www.bitre.gov.au/publications/2019/waterline-65
                                                                                                                                                        / 55
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 CAPITAL #4
 OUR ENVIRONMENT




  PROTECTING
  OUR
  ENVIRONMENT

                      Port of Tauranga
                      sets, monitors and
                      continuously improves
                      operational standards to
                      protect the environment
                      and prevent pollution.



                     W
                                   e demand the same high
                                   standards from other
                                   port users. We monitor
                      their efforts and regularly share best
                      practice, including through our
                      monthly Port Users’ Health, Safety
                      and Environment Forum.
                      We also recognise the aspirations
                      of local hapu and iwi for the moana
                      and its surrounds, and invest in
                      harbour health through the Ngā
                      Mātarae Charitable Trust.



/ 56
                            FUTURE
                             FOCUS
                      Port of Tauranga will prevent air
                     and water pollution through dust
MATERIAL         suppression, stormwater management
 ISSUES            and spill prevention. We will support
                  industry efforts to reduce fumigation,
                  while ensuring the port community is
  Stormwater     vigilant in detecting pest incursions that
  Biosecurity    threaten our way of life. We will reduce
                   our carbon emissions across all areas
  Air quality       of our business and choose energy
Iwi engagement     efficient equipment where possible.




                                                              / 57
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 CAPITAL #4
 OUR ENVIRONMENT




                            3                                                 15.3%                                               10.2%
                      new hybrid                                              reduction in total                                   decrease in annual
                   straddle carriers                                          carbon emissions                                      truck movements




                                                                   Truck Movements to and from the Port


                 49.3%
                                                                   800,000
                                                                   700,000
                                                                   600,000
                                                                   500,000
            of containers carted in by rail                        400,000
            (up from 48.4%), compared to                           300,000

                  8.1% at Auckland                                 200,000
                                                                    100,000
                                                                          0
                                                                              2017        2018      2019     2020

                                                                                     Total Truck Movements


       		


                                                                                                  Overall, all areas of our business were able to reduce
       REDUCTION                                                                                  their volume of greenhouse gas emissions over the year.
                                                                                                  Total emissions were 40,430 tonnes.
       IN CARBON                                                                                  We achieved a 4.2% decrease in overall Scope 113

       EMISSIONS                                                                                  emissions, and the intensity (Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions
                                                                                                  per cargo tonne) decreased 7.9%.
                                                                                                  Part of our emissions reduction strategy is to “inset” carbon
       Port of Tauranga achieved a 15.3% decrease                                                 offsets by investing the money into sustainability initiatives
       in greenhouse gas emissions compared with                                                  within our business.
       the 2019 financial year.                                                                   The largest source of our Scope 1 emissions is from
                                                                                                  diesel-powered straddle carriers at the container terminal.
                                                                                                  We used the insetting fund to purchase more expensive,


        A
                 bout half of the reduction was the result of a                                   battery-hybrid straddle carriers. Our next stage of
                 waste minimisation plan that reduced the amount                                  expansion will allow us to utilise fully electric automated
                 of waste disposed to landfill. The volume of yard                                stacking cranes, avoiding increased diesel consumption.
       waste sent to the dump was reduced by 48.5% through
       recycling, saving the Port around $215,000 in costs.
       This was an important area for us to focus on, as the volume
       of waste had grown due to increased wharf sweeping
       to prevent dust and debris entering the harbour. A large
       proportion of bark swept from the log wharves is already
       recycled into compost and other landscape supplies,
       so we knew there was an opportunity to do more.
       Another significant decrease in total emissions came from
       changes to our rail-related emissions. A small reduction
       in cargo tonnage, combined with an adjusted calculation
       factor, resulted in a 6.7% decrease.



        Scope 1 measures the direct emissions of our activities on site. Scope 2 measures carbon consumed but not
       13

       created (eg electricity from the national grid). Scope 3 measures emissions from other parts of our supply chain.
/ 58
                                                    L
                                                           andside emissions from road or rail transport
PORT OF                                                    contribute only a small percentage of the
                                                           total carbon emissions related to container
TAURANGA                                           imports and exports.


OFFERS LOWEST                                      Port of Tauranga is the only New Zealand port able
                                                   to handle larger container vessels and give importers

CARBON SUPPLY                                      and exporters access to their higher efficiency and
                                                   lower emissions.

CHAIN                                              Port of Tauranga regularly receives visits from vessels with
                                                   capacity of around 9,500 TEUs. The carbon footprint for
                                                   a 20 foot, 15 tonne dry container (the average weight) from
By far the largest proportion of carbon            Shanghai to Port of Tauranga on a ship of that size is smaller
emissions in New Zealand’s container supply        than the same box shipped from Shanghai to Auckland
chain relates to the “blue water” or ocean-going   on a 4,500 TEU vessel. This is true even taking into account
component of the cargo journey.                    the emissions from transferring the container by rail from
                                                   Tauranga to Auckland.



                                                                                                                    / 59
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 CAPITAL #4
 OUR ENVIRONMENT




 BIGGER SHIPS OFFER A LOWER
 CARBON SUPPLY CHAIN

                                                                Import cargo from
                                                             China to South Auckland
                                                             C02 emission comparison

                                                                            ORIGIN


                                                                        China


       2,404                                                                                                                        1,837
                                                                   IMPORT CONTAINER

       C02e (kg)                                                                                                                    C02e (kg)

                            MEDIUM SHIP                                                                                  BIG SHIP




                       Auckland




                         RAIL TRANSPORT                                                                         RAIL TRANSPORT




                               Wiri                                                                           MetroPort
                        SOUTH AUCKLAND                                                                                  AUCKLAND

                                 TOTAL:                                                                                  TOTAL:

                     2,429 C02e (kg)                                                                         1,945 C02e (kg)


                   CO2e​calculations are based on a 20 foot, 15 tonne container shipped on a typical container vessel
                   size of 3,000-4,999 TEUs (via Auckland) and 8,000+ TEUs (via Tauranga)
/ 60
                                 Export cargo from
                                 Hamilton to China
                              C02 emission comparison

                                      ORIGIN

                                  Hamilton

                                 EXPORT CONTAINER




            ROAD TRANSPORT                               RAIL TRANSPORT




            Auckland




2,404                                                                     1,837
C02e (kg)                                                                 C02e (kg)
             MEDIUM SHIP                                    BIG SHIP




                 TOTAL:             DESTINATION              TOTAL:

            2,660 C02e (kg)         China               1,893 C02e (kg)



                                                                                      / 61
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 CAPITAL #4
 OUR ENVIRONMENT




                                                                          In recent years, Port of Tauranga has focussed on improved
       FOCUS ON AIR AND                                                   housekeeping to prevent dust and debris from entering
                                                                          the harbour. Sweeper trucks are continuously cleaning the
       WATER QUALITY                                                      wharves and storage areas, all of which are sealed to avoid
                                                                          dust from vehicle movements. A third sweeper truck was
                                                                          added to the fleet in June 2019, enabling an increase in
       Port of Tauranga’s comprehensive                                   sweeping hours and even more efficient dust removal.
       environmental management plan incorporates
                                                                          Wind fences have been erected on boundaries next to
       air quality, stormwater management,
                                                                          log handling areas and traffic controls installed to confine
       fumigation of imports and exports, noise,                          vehicles and other machinery to clean, swept roadways.
       spill prevention, energy consumption, waste
       and asbestos.                                                      Screening chambers are installed on stormwater drains,
                                                                          and steel fenders and rope bunds at the wharf face prevent
                                                                          any products accidentally dropping into the harbour.



        A
                  s part of our new resource consent for stormwater       We have strict procedures in place to avoid spills and any
                  discharges from our Mount Maunganui wharves,            spills onto land or into water must be reported, managed,
                  we are undertaking comprehensive monitoring             minimised and investigated so improvements can be made.
       of water quality, especially after high rainfall. This will help   Recent additions to the Port’s stormwater infrastructure
       inform future improvements of our stormwater management.           include automating stormwater drain shut-off valves and
                                                                          installation of containment structures in high risk areas.




/ 62
IMPROVING AIR   REDUCING
QUALITY IN AND  SHIPPING
AROUND THE PORT POLLUTION
Concerns about air quality in industrial                       Air pollution from shipping has been reduced
areas led to the establishment of the                          by new low sulphur fuel limits introduced
Mount Maunganui Airshed in November 2019.                      internationally on 1 January 2020.




T
        he airshed declaration allows the Bay of Plenty
        Regional Council to target air discharges in the
                                                                                              Mount Maunganui, Rata Street. Air Pollution from shipping.
        area and introduce new rules to improve air quality.                                                 Sulphur Dioxide Micrograms per Cubic Metres

The council has 10 air quality monitors in the area, testing                                 900

a range of parameters.                                                                       800

The council has also proposed changes to its Regional Air




                                                               Micrograms per Cubic Metres
                                                                                             700

Plan. Some of the changes, referred to as “Plan Change 13”,
                                                                                             600
have been appealed to the Environment Court. While Port
of Tauranga is not appealing any of the changes, some of its                                 500


customers have appealed provisions regarding bulk solid                                      400

material handling and we are a party to the proceedings.                                     300

The community of Whareroa Marae, located next                                                200

to Tauranga Airport not far from the port, has been
                                                                                             100
campaigning against the presence of heavy industry
in the area, including the operations of some of the                                           0
                                                                                                   2019-01                                       2020-01   2020-08
Port’s customers, tenants and neighbours.                                                                                   Year/Month




                                                                           A
Port of Tauranga continues its discussions with the iwi
                                                                                                        lthough New Zealand has not yet implemented
and hapu involved to ensure port operations have the
                                                                                                        the new rules, most international ships visiting
least possible impact on neighbouring communities.
                                                                                                        here have already complied.
Bay of Plenty Regional Council and Tauranga City
Council, whose job it is to balance the needs of residents,    The sulphur limit was reduced from 3.5% to 0.5% by
commercial and industrial land users, are developing an        mass for marine fuels under Annex VI of the International
air quality action plan for the marae.                         Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships
                                                               (MARPOL). It aims to reduce carbon emissions and
                                                               improve air quality around ports by requiring the use
                                                               of low sulphur fuel or exhaust gas cleaning systems,
                                                               known as “scrubbers”.
                                                               Following supportive submissions from Port of Tauranga
                                                               and other New Zealand ports, the Government has agreed
                                                               to accede to the convention, meaning domestic cargo
                                                               ships will also be required to meet the standards from
                                                               early 2022.
                                                               According to Bay of Plenty Regional Council air monitoring
                                                               data, the new requirement had an immediate effect
                                                               on sulphur dioxide levels recorded at the Rata Street
                                                               monitoring station, near the port.



                                                                                                                                                                     / 63
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 CAPITAL #4
 OUR ENVIRONMENT




       FUMIGANT                                                    Genera currently undertakes methyl bromide recapture
                                                                   on close to 90% of log fumigations and 100% of

       USE REDUCED                                                 container fumigations.
                                                                   Genera closely monitors the fumigation activity and
                                                                   publishes the results on its website14. An independent
       Many imported and exported cargoes are                      contractor also audits fumigation activities to ensure
       fumigated to kill any pests trying to enter or              compliance, and Bay of Plenty Regional Council monitors
       leave New Zealand. A common fumigant is                     for methyl bromide indicators at four air quality monitoring
       methyl bromide, an odourless gas that is toxic              stations on the port boundary.
       to humans and damaging to the ozone layer.                  Forestry exporters are working to reduce the amount of
                                                                   methyl bromide required. Last year, Timberlands Limited



       T
                                                                   opened a multi-million dollar facility at its Murupara rail
                      he biggest users of methyl bromide in
                                                                   exchange to remove bark from logs. De-barked logs
                      New Zealand are log exporters, whose major
                                                                   destined for China, New Zealand’s biggest log market,
                      markets demand its use.
                                                                   are not required to be fumigated because insects are
       At Port of Tauranga, fumigation is carried out by highly    removed along with the bark.
       experienced operators Genera, according to codes of
                                                                   The amount of methyl bromide used at Port of Tauranga
       practice outlined by the Environmental Protection Agency
                                                                   has decreased from 243 tonnes in 2017 to 154 tonnes
       and the Bay of Plenty Regional Council, as well as our
                                                                   in the year to June 2020 (a 36.6% decrease).
       own protocols. They require Genera to recapture methyl
       bromide used in fumigation and adhere to rules regarding
       exclusion zones and notifications.


       14
            https://genera.co.nz/our-services/
/ 64
PREVENTING
PESTS FROM
ENTERING
NEW ZEALAND                                                        PROTECTING
                                                                   BIODIVERSITY IN
Port of Tauranga’s award-winning
biosecurity excellence partnership has                             AND AROUND THE
again proved its worth, helping to catch
a potential pest incursion.                                        HARBOUR
                                                                   Tauranga Harbour is home to an abundance
                                                                   of flora and fauna and is an important
                                                                   kaimoana or seafood gathering place.




 A
          solitary, dead spotted lantern fly was found by
          a worker unpacking a container at a Tauranga
          transitional facility. He recognised it as one of
the top 12 most unwanted pests featured in the annual



                                                                    P
calendar15, published and distributed by the partnership.
                                                                           ort of Tauranga, with local iwi, has sponsored pipi
The spotted lantern fly eats everything in sight and those                 bed monitoring and seeding work in the sand
who work on the port or in transitional facilities are trained             banks of the inner harbour.
to look for it and its egg masses, which look like grey putty.
                                                                   Maungatapu Primary School pupils are getting a helping
The biosecurity excellence partnership involves Port of            hand to protect native crabs in Tauranga Harbour thanks to
Tauranga, the Ministry for Primary Industries, Kiwifruit Vine      Port of Tauranga.
Health, primary produce organisations, scientists and local
government. It aims to build a port community prepared to          The Pāpaka project is supported by Port of Tauranga and
prevent any bug invasions through the port.                        local iwi Ngāi Te Rangi and Ngāti Ranginui. A $5,000
                                                                   donation towards science and technology resources will
As well as producing the calendar and other publications,          help the school pupils research and protect the creatures
the partnership runs an annual Biosecurity Week to raise           that live in Tauranga Moana, with an emphasis on the native
awareness among the port community.                                Pāpaka o Rangataua.
Port of Tauranga also supports the Tauranga Moana                  The pāpaka are iconic to the tangata whenua of the school
Biosecurity Capital initiative, which seeks to raise biosecurity   community but are at risk from invasive species such as the
awareness throughout the wider western Bay of Plenty.              Asian paddle crab.




15
     https://www.kvh.org.nz/vdb/document/104875
                                                                                                                                 / 65
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 CAPITAL #5
 OUR ASSETS AND
 INFRASTRUCTURE




 PROVEN
 GROWTH
 STRATEGY

                      Port of Tauranga’s
                      investment in capacity to
                      accommodate bigger ships
                      has proven a successful
                      strategy for growth.



                     W
                                 e spent more than $350
                                 million over six years to
                                 prepare for larger vessels,
                      which started calling in late 2016.
                      The investment included dredging
                      to widen and deepen shipping lanes,
                      extending the container terminal
                      wharves by a third and purchasing
                      new ship-to-shore cranes and cargo
                      handling equipment.




/ 66
                            FUTURE
                             FOCUS
                    Port of Tauranga is now planning for
                   future cargo growth. We will expand
                     capacity at our container terminal
                    through more efficient use of space,
                    the introduction of electric stacking
                     cranes and extending the wharves
MATERIAL                      to a fourth berth.
 ISSUES            We will continue to grow our national
                    network through road, rail and sea
  Port capacity     connections to intermodal freight
                   hubs in key cargo catchments in the
Geographic reach        North and South Islands.




                                                            / 67
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 CAPITAL #5
 OUR ASSETS AND
 INFRASTRUCTURE




                                                                                                        225%
          Ninth crane added to container               Seven new straddle carriers,                  increase in transhipped
                     terminal                         including three hybrid models                   containers since 2016




          1,251,741                                         1,515
             TEUs, a 1.5% increase                              ship visits
                                                               (down 9.7%)




       INCREASING                                                      CHOOSING
       CONTAINER                                                       ENERGY EFFICIENT
       HANDLING                                                        VEHICLES
       CAPACITY                                                        Our modern fleet of ship-to-shore gantry cranes
                                                                       all have sophisticated electric motors that
       Our ninth and largest container crane was                       re-generate up to 700 kw of electricity when
       delivered in February for assembly on site.                     lowering a container.




       W                                                                E
                  e were able to complete its commissioning                     xcess electricity can be made available
                  during lockdown with the support of                           to adjacent cranes lifting containers, or fed
                  assemblers Rich Rigging and the Liebherr                      back into the terminal to power refrigerated
       crane factory in Ireland.                                       container connections.
       We also purchased seven new straddle carriers to serve the      As well as the recent purchase of our first hybrid straddle
       new crane. They include three hybrid models, which are          carriers, we are choosing electric and hybrid models,
       more fuel efficient than our current diesel electric models.    whenever possible, for our light vehicle fleet. Suitable
                                                                       options are increasingly available.


/ 68
SMOOTHING
TRAFFIC FLOWS
AT THE PORT
AND BEYOND
A vehicle booking system introduced at our
container terminal last year has improved
traffic flows.
                                                                STRATEGIC
                                                                LAND HOLDINGS
                                                                Port of Tauranga owns 190 hectares of land
                                                                on both sides of Tauranga Harbour, with about
                                                                40 hectares still available for development.




T
        he system incentivises truck visits outside peak
        hours, to ease cargo delivery and pick up within
        the port gates and avoid congestion on roads
surrounding the port.
Much of the increase in cargo volume in recent years has



                                                                 P
been able to be absorbed without adding significantly
                                                                        ort-owned land adjacent to the existing container
to truck movements on local highways. The increase in
                                                                        wharves will be converted from cargo storage to
transhipment, where containers are transferred between
                                                                        a fourth container vessel berth.
ships at Tauranga, and the utilisation of rail, has prevented
a big increase in truck traffic.                                We believe container throughput could reach 2.8 to 3.0
                                                                million TEUs in future through land reconfiguration, stacking
We continue to lobby for state highway designation for
                                                                cranes and other technology. We have recently removed
Totara Street, a busy thoroughfare that serves our Mount
                                                                a cargo shed to make room for assembling our newest
Maunganui wharves and the surrounding industrial and
                                                                container crane and that land has now been converted
residential areas. A state highway designation would help
                                                                into container storage.
fast-track safety improvements, additional capacity and
intersection upgrades.                                          At the Mount Maunganui wharves, we still have storage
                                                                space available to accommodate growing cargoes,
                                                                including a secure area for marshalling imported cars.

                                                                                                                                / 69
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 CAPITAL #6
 OUR FINANCES




  GROWTH
  THROUGH
  DIVERSITY

                      In 1992, Port of Tauranga
                      issued shares to the public
                      at $1.05 each, with a total
                      market capitalisation of
                      $79 million. Today’s market
                      capitalisation is more than
                      $5 billion.



                       J
                            ust over 54% of the Company is
                            owned by regional ratepayers
                            through the Bay of Plenty Regional
                      Council’s investment arm, Quayside
                      Holdings. Port of Tauranga dividends
                      are used by Quayside towards its
                      contribution of 25% of the Council’s
                      annual revenues.
                      Port of Tauranga is also the city’s
                      largest ratepayer.



/ 70
                                 FUTURE
                                  FOCUS
                           Port of Tauranga will provide
                          sustainable shareholder returns
                       through revenue growth from diverse
                       income streams and will actively seek
                        new customers and cargoes. We will
                        keep a close eye on costs and target
                         operational efficiencies in all areas
  MATERIAL                        of our business.
   ISSUES                    Through our cornerstone
                         shareholder, Quayside Holdings,
     Profitability      we will share the financial benefits
                        of the Port’s success with residents
Community engagement
                        and ratepayers of the Bay of Plenty.




                                                                 / 71
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 CAPITAL #6
 OUR FINANCES




                 Group Net Profit After Tax                                                                                            Revenue


                     $90.0                                                          13.4                                       $302.0
                 million (decreased 10.5%                                    cents earnings per share                       million (from $313.3 million)
                   from $100.6 million)                                         (2019: 15.0 cents)




                         12.4                                                 $166.5                                             $14.1
                       cents per share                                       million Group EBITDA16                            million earnings from
                     ordinary dividends                                                                                       Subsidiary and Associate
                                                                                                                                     Companies




       RAISED                                                                                     CAUTION
       CREDIT RATING                                                                              DURING COVID-19
       In August, ratings agency Standard & Poor’s
                                                                                                  LOCKDOWN
       (S&P) raised its long-term issuer credit rating
       on Port of Tauranga Limited from BBB+ to                                                   Port of Tauranga comfortably paid our interim
       A-. S&P also affirmed Port of Tauranga’s A-2                                               dividend of $40.8 million in March 2020, just
       short-term rating.                                                                         before the lockdown, thanks to a strong balance
                                                                                                  sheet and strong operating cashflows from
                                                                                                  diverse revenue streams.




                                                                                                    P
                                                                                                          ort of Tauranga’s Board of Directors believed
                                                                                                          it prudent to withdraw the full year profit guidance
                                                                                                          due to the widespread uncertainty about the
                                                                                                  impact of Covid-19 and the Government measures against
                                                                                                  the pandemic.
                                                                                                  Many of the Port’s major exports, including meat and
                                                                                                  dairy products, were classified as essential cargoes under
                                                                                                  Level 4 lockdown. Imports of oil products, food and
                                                                                                  medical supplies were also essential cargoes, and the
                                                                                                  kiwifruit export season got under way as scheduled



       T
                                                                                                  in mid-March.
              his upgrade to our long-term credit rating by S&P
              reflects the Port’s consolidation of its competitive                                However, log and other forestry exports were considered
              position in New Zealand, on the back of strategic                                   a non-essential cargo despite increasing demand from
       investments and constrained competitors.                                                   major markets such as China.




/ 72   16
            EBITDA = earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation. Refer to page 128 for more detail.
CRUISE SHIP
SEASON’S
EARLY END
The summer cruise ship season came to an
early end, with 16 cruise ship visits to Tauranga
cancelled as a result of a Government ban.


                                                             WE SAY
                                                             FAREWELL TO
                                                             STEVE GRAY
                                                             Port of Tauranga’s award-winning
                                                             Chief Financial Officer, Steve Gray, has
                                                             retired after 13 years in the role and 33 years
                                                             with the Company.



W
           hile the loss of income was relatively small
           for Port of Tauranga, the cancellations had
           a significant impact on the Bay of Plenty
businesses catering to international tourists.
A total of 106 ships visited in the 2019/2020 summer
season, compared with 116 the previous year.




DEBT FACILITIES
INCREASED
AND EXTENDED
                                                             S
                                                                     teve was instrumental in the Company’s
                                                                     success and oversaw outstanding returns for
                                                                     its shareholders. He led the team that negotiated
                                                             the original long-term freight agreement with Kotahi that
Port of Tauranga has total committed debt                    prompted the Port’s expansion to accommodate
facilities of $660 million, of which $172 million            bigger ships.
is undrawn. Only $5 million of these debt
                                                             In 2017, Steve was named CFO of the Year in the Deloitte
facilities mature in 2020.
                                                             Top 200 Business Awards. He is continuing his association
                                                             with Port of Tauranga through governance roles on its



J
       ust prior to the pandemic, the Company began          Associate Company Boards.
       negotiations to increase and extend debt facilities
       maturing in January 2021. Our banking partners were
very supportive and we experienced no issues with the
routine extension of the facilities.

                                                                                                                         / 73
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 BOARD OF DIRECTORS

  D A PILKINGTON                                                A R LAWRENCE
  BSc, BE, GradDip Dairy Science &                              BCA (Business Admin)
  Technology, CFInstD, Chair
                                                                Independent Director
  Independent Director




  D        avid Pilkington was a member of
           Fonterra’s senior executive team.
           He holds directorships in Northport
 Limited, Port of Tauranga Trustee Company
                                                                 A      lastair Lawrence is a very experienced
                                                                        corporate advisor, specialising in
                                                                        commercial evaluation and strategy
                                                                development. He was a Director of private investment
                                                                bank, Antipodes, from 1998-2014.
 Limited and PrimePort Timaru Limited and chairs
 Douglas Pharmaceuticals Limited and Rangatira                  Governance roles have included Takeovers Panel,
 Limited. He has a strong background in marketing,              Landcare Research Limited, Coda GP and a number
 international business and supply chain logistics.             of mid market private companies. Alastair joined
 David joined the Board in July 2005.                           the Board in February 2014.




            K R ELLIS                                                    J C HOARE
            BCA Economics (1st Class Honours),                           BCom, FCA, CMInstD
            BE Chemical (1st Class Honours)                              Independent Director
            Independent Director




            K       im Ellis is Chair of Metlifecare Limited,
                    NZ Social Infrastructure Fund Limited,
                    Green Cross Health, and a Director
           of Ballance Agri-Nutrients Limited, Fonterra
           Shareholders Fund (FSF) Management Company
                                                                          J    ulia Hoare has a comprehensive range
                                                                               of commercial, financial, tax, regulatory
                                                                               and sustainability expertise which she
                                                                         developed over the course of 20 years as a
                                                                         partner with PwC.
           Limited and Freightways Limited. Kim chairs the
                                                                         Julia is Deputy Chair of The a2 Milk
           Remuneration Committee and joined the Board
                                                                         Company Limited and Watercare Services
           in May 2013.
                                                                         Limited and her other directorships include:
                                                                         Director, Auckland International Airport
                                                                         Limited, AWF Madison Group Limited,
                                                                         Meridian Energy Limited, and The a2 Milk
                                                                         Company (New Zealand) Limited (subsidiary
                                                                         of The a2 Milk Company Limited), and
                                                                         Member of Auckland Committee, Institute
                                                                         of Directors, Advisory Panel to External
                                                                         Reporting Board and the Institute of Directors
                                                                         Council. Julia chairs the Audit Committee and
                                                                         joined the Board in August 2015.




/ 74
A M ANDREW
BE Chemical & Materials (1st Class Honours),
MBA (Distinction), FEngNZ, CMInstD
Independent Director




 A        lison Andrew is currently Chief
          Executive of Transpower New Zealand
          Limited having joined in 2014. She has
held a number of senior executive roles across
various industry sectors, most recently as Global
Head of Chemicals for Orica PLC. She has also
been a Director for Genesis Energy. Prior to
those roles, she held a number of senior roles
at Fonterra Cooperative Group and across the
Fletcher Challenge Group in Energy, Forests
and Paper. Alison has a MBA from Warwick
University, and studied Engineering (Chemicals
and Materials) at Auckland University.
Alison joined the Board in April 2018.
                                                                  D W LEEDER




                                                                  D         oug Leeder is Chair of Bay of
                                                                            Plenty Regional Council. He is a
                                                                            dairy farmer, and has considerable
                                                                  experience in governance and management.
                                                                  Doug has held positions of governance in
                                                                  Federated Farmers, was a Director and Chair
                                                                  of Bay Milk Products, Director of the East
                                                                  Bay Health Board, Chair of Subsidiary East
                                                                  Bay Energy Trust, Chair of NZ Dairy Group
                                                                  and Dairy Insight, and Director of DEXCEL.
                                                                  Doug joined the Board in October 2015.




SIR R A MCLEOD
LLB, BCom, FCA




S       ir Rob McLeod joined the Board of Quayside Holdings
        Limited in November 2016 and is Chair. Rob is currently
        on the Board of NZX listed Sanford Group and has
been past Board Member at A NZ National Bank, Tainui Group
Holdings, Sky City Entertainment Group and Telecom. Sir Rob
was Oceania (Australia, New Zealand and Pacific Islands)
CEO/Managing Partner for the international accounting
practice of Ernst & Young and more latterly as Ernst & Young
New Zealand Chair, a position from which he retired on
31 December 2015. Sir Rob joined the Board in October 2017.
                                                                                                                 / 75
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




  SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM

  MARK CAIRNS
  Chief Executive




   M
                                                                       SIMON KEBBELL
            ark has been Chief Executive of Port of Tauranga           Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary
            Limited since 2005.



                                                                       S
           He was previously Chief Executive of Toll Owens                    imon was appointed Chief Financial Officer of Port of
  Limited and Owens Cargo Company Limited.                                    Tauranga Limited in 2020. He has been with the Company
                                                                              since 2003 and was previously IT/Finance Manager.
  He has a First Class Honours Degree in Civil Engineering,            He is a chartered accountant and has a First Class Honours Degree
  a degree in Business Studies and a Master of Management.             in a Bachelor of Management Studies.
  He is a Fellow of Engineering New Zealand and a member of
  the Institute of Directors. In 2019, Mark received the prestigious   Prior to joining Port of Tauranga, Simon was Manager – Internal
  Caldwell Partners Leadership Award from the Institute of             Audit for PricewaterhouseCoopers in Singapore. He also held
  Finance Professionals.                                               positions at Ernst & Young in Singapore and Auckland.




                    LEONARD SAMPSON                                                        DAN KNEEBONE
                    Chief Operating Officer                                                Property & Infrastructure Manager




                     L                                                                      D
                            eonard was appointed to the newly created role                          an has overall responsibility for both
                            of Chief Operating Officer in September 2019.                           the property portfolio and engineering
                                                                                                    interests of the Port.
                           Leonard was Port of Tauranga’s Commercial
                    Manager from 2013, when he joined the Company                          Dan joined the Port of Tauranga Senior
                    from the role of General Manager – Sales at KiwiRail.                  Management Team in January 2013. He was
                    He also held senior roles at Carter Holt Harvey and                    previously National Property and Development
                    Mainfreight.                                                           Manager for Bunnings Limited and has
                                                                                           extensive commercial property experience.




/ 76
PAT KIRK
Group Health & Safety Manager




P
       at joined the Company in 2013 and the
       Senior Management Team in March
       2020, reflecting the importance of health
and safety to our ongoing success.
                                                        BLAIR HAMILL
Pat has three decades of extensive strategic and        Commercial Manager




                                                         B
applied industry health and safety experience
across a wide range of sectors. Pat is Chair of                lair oversees port operations, marketing
the Port Industry Health & Safety Committee                    and new business opportunities.
and a member of various national health and                      He joined the Company in July 2020 after
safety organisations, including the WorkSafe/           20 years at Zespri International, the world’s largest
ACC National Industry Prevention Working                kiwifruit marketer. Blair held a variety of senior roles
Group, the WorkSafe/Maritime NZ Industry                at Zespri, including Global Commercial Manager
Advisory Group (Port Sector) and the Business           and, most recently, Chief Global Supply Officer.
Leaders’ Health & Safety Forum.                         Blair is a former chartered accountant.




MELANIE DYER                                                        ROCHELLE LOCKLEY
Corporate Services Manager                                          Communications Manager




M                                                                    R
           elanie joined Port of Tauranga Limited in                        ochelle will join the Company’s Senior Management
           August 2020 from Trustpower Limited, where                       Team in September 2020.
           she was General Manager, People and Culture.
                                                                           Rochelle, a former journalist, held senior
Prior to joining Trustpower in 2014, Melanie spent 11 years
                                                                    communications roles in tourism and telecommunications
at Hydro Tasmania.
                                                                    in New Zealand and overseas before establishing a
Melanie has a Master’s Degree in organisational                     communications consultancy in 2005.
development and leadership studies.

                                                                                                                             / 77
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



                                                                                                       PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                                                                                       DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
                                                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




                                                                                                           The Directors are responsible for ensuring that the financial
                                                                                                           statements give a true and fair view of Port of Tauranga Limited
                                                                                                           (the Group) as at 30 June 2020.
                                                                                                           The Directors consider that the financial statements of the Group
                                                                                                           have been prepared using appropriate accounting policies,
                                                                                                           consistently applied and supported by reasonable judgements and
                                                                                                           estimates, and that all relevant financial reporting and accounting
                                                                                                           standards have been followed.
                                                                                                           The Directors are pleased to present the financial statements
                                                                                                           of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2020.
                                                                                                           The financial statements were authorised for issue for and on behalf
                                                                                                           of the Directors on 27 August 2020.




               CONSOLIDATED
               FINANCIAL                                                                                   ………………………………………………….




               STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           Chair




               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020
               PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES                                                   ………………………………………………….
                                                                                                           Director




               Contents
               Directors’ Responsibility Statement                                                79
               Independent Auditor's Report                                                       80
               Consolidated Income Statement                                                      83
               Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                                     84
               Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                        85
               Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                                       86
               Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                               87
               Reconciliation of Profit for the Period to Cash Flows From Operating Activities    88
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                     89
               Corporate Governance Statement                                                    120
               Financial and Operational Five Year Summary                                       128
               Company Directory                                                                 130




/ 78                                                                                                                                                                              / 79
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


       To the Shareholders of Port of Tauranga Limited

       The Auditor-General is the auditor of Port of Tauranga Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group). The Auditor-General has appointed me,      The Key Audit Matter                                                     How The Matter Was Addressed in Our Audit
       Brent Manning, using the staff and resources of KPMG to carry out the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Group on
       his behalf.                                                                                                                                 The Revalued PP&E is considered a key audit matter due to                – For Wharves and Hardstanding, and Harbour
                                                                                                                                                   the judgement involved in the assessment of the fair value.                Improvements:
       OPINION                                                                                                                                     The judgement in the current financial year also relates to the              – Assessing whether the capital goods price indices or
       We have audited the consolidated financial statements of the Group on pages 83 to 88, that comprise the consolidated statement              assessment of whether the carrying values of assets not revalued               relevant data used by the Group are appropriate and
       of financial position as at 30 June 2020, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes             materially represent their fair values.                                        agreeing to observable data points;
       in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and the notes to the consolidated financial statements,
                                                                                                                                                   The Covid-19 pandemic has created significant additional risks               – Testing the accuracy of the Group’s calculation of the
       including a summary of significant accounting policies.
                                                                                                                                                   across the business, particularly in the valuation of property,                impact of these changes; and
       In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of      plant and equipment. All forward looking assumptions are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                – Challenging management’s assessment of the estimated
       the Group as at 30 June 2020, and its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended            inherently more uncertain during these unprecedented times.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  fair value movements in each asset class.
       in accordance with New Zealand equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) and International Financial             While this key audit matter is consistent with last year, the
       Reporting Standards (IFRS).                                                                                                                 underlying audit risk has increased which impacted the extent            – We also considered the appropriateness of the accounting
                                                                                                                                                   and nature of audit evidence that we had to gather.                        policies and disclosures in the financial statements.
       BASIS FOR OPINION                                                                                                                                                                                                    – Based on the above procedures there were no matters
       We conducted our audit in accordance with the Auditor-General’s Auditing Standards, which incorporate the Professional and                                                                                             to report.
       Ethical Standards and the International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance
       Standards Board. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the    Investment in Coda
       consolidated financial statements section of our report.
                                                                                                                                                   Refer to note 14 of the financial statements.                            Our procedures included the following:
       We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.                                                                                                – We challenged the basis for determining the assumptions
                                                                                                                                                   The Group has $127 million invested in businesses in which
       We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Auditor-General’s Auditing Standards, which incorporate Professional and             it has significant influence or joint control over the operation           used in estimating the future cash flows of the Coda
       Ethical Standard 1: International Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance               of those businesses and they are equity accounted in the                   business. We compared the cash flow forecasts to approved
       Standards Board, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.                            financial statements.                                                      budgets and where possible we corroborated information
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              for inputs against historical results and third-party contracts;
       In addition to the audit, our firm has also provided other services to the company in relation to the data & analytical review of the       As mentioned in Note 2 on page 90, the Group identified
       depreciation rates for property, plant and equipment. In addition, subject to certain restrictions, partners and employees of our firm      an indicator of impairment in relation to its investment in one          – We performed sensitivity analysis on the key assumptions
       may deal with the company on normal terms within the ordinary course of trading activities of the business of the company. These            of its equity accounted investees, the Coda Group Limited                  used, risk weighting those assumptions with higher
       matters have not impaired our independence as auditor of the company. Other than these engagements and arm’s length transactions,           Partnership (Coda), as a result of the impact of Covid-19.                 estimation uncertainty;
       and in our capacity as auditor acting on behalf of the Auditor-General, we have no relationship with, or interest in, the company.          The Group therefore performed an impairment test, utilising              – We used our valuation specialists to assess the discount
                                                                                                                                                   a detailed cash flow model that discounted the next five years             rate and terminal growth rate used in the cash flow model;
       KEY AUDIT MATTERS                                                                                                                           of Coda’s cash flows and applied a terminal growth rate to               – We assessed whether the approach to estimating the future
       Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated         the cash flows expected in Year 5. As a result the Group has               cash flows was reasonable and in accordance with the
       financial statements in the current period. We summarise below those matters and our key audit procedures to address those matters          recorded an impairment charge of approximately $7 million                  relevant accounting standard;
       in order that the shareholders as a body may better understand the process by which we arrived at our audit opinion. Our procedures         against the carrying value of its investment in Coda.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            – We considered the impact of Covid-19 on the estimates
       were undertaken in the context of and solely for the purpose of our statutory audit opinion on the consolidated financial statements as     The investment in Coda is considered a key audit matter                    used within the valuations;
       a whole and we do not express discrete opinions on separate elements of the consolidated financial statements.                              because of the judgement involved in determining the future
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            – We read and assessed the disclosures made in the financial
                                                                                                                                                   cash flows of the business and the impact any impairment
       The Key Audit Matter                                                    How The Matter Was Addressed in Our Audit                                                                                                      statements in relation to the Group’s investment in Coda; and
                                                                                                                                                   may have on reported profit.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            – Based on the above procedures there were no matters
       Value of property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                                                                                 to report.

       Refer to note 10 of the financial statements.                           Our procedures focussed on the appropriateness of the Group’s
                                                                               assessment as to whether the carrying values of Revalued PP&E
                                                                                                                                                   OTHER INFORMATION
       The Group has property, plant and equipment of $1,584 million.                                                                              The Directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for the other information. The other information comprises the information
                                                                               materially represent their fair values, and if a revaluation of a
       The Group has a policy of valuing Land; Buildings; Wharves and          class of asset was required, that the revalued assets have been     included on pages 1 to 79 and 120 to 130, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
       Hardstanding; and Harbour Improvements at fair value (Revalued          accurately reflected in the financial statements.                   Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of audit
       PP&E). Full valuations are obtained (by an independent valuer)                                                                              opinion or assurance conclusion thereon.
                                                                               Our procedures by major category included:
       on an annual basis for Land and Buildings and every 3 years on
       Wharves and Hardstanding, and Harbour Improvements, unless              – For Land and Buildings:                                           In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
       there is an indicator that the fair value has changed significantly.        – Where valuation expert(s) are engaged, considering the        consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained
       Prior to this financial year the last full independent valuation on           competence, objectivity and independence of the valuer;       in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a
       Wharves and Hardstanding, and Harbour Improvements were                                                                                     material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
                                                                                   – Assessing whether the evidence used by the valuer
       carried out on 30 June 2018.                                                  is based on appropriate comparable properties and             DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       The independent valuers have undertaken their valuations with                 benchmarks; and
                                                                                                                                                   The Directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements
       reference to Covid-19 and the valuation uncertainty involved in             – Where increases in value were recognised, we assessed         in accordance with NZIFRS and IFRS, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation
       assessing the fair value of the assets in the current economic                whether the uplift was appropriately reflected in the         of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
       environment. (Refer to Note 2 on page 90.)                                    reported carrying values of respective assets.
                                                                                                                                                   In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for assessing the Group’s
       The assumptions that have the largest impact on the valuations are:
                                                                                                                                                   ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
       – The impact on the capitalisation rate, rental growth rate and                                                                             accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
         terminal yield impacting the value of land and buildings.
                                                                                                                                                   The Directors’ responsibilities arise from the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.
       – The estimated future cash flows and expected rate of return
         from the land and buildings.



/ 80                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              / 81
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)                                                                                                            PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                                                                                                                                     CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
                                                                                                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                2020        2019
       AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                                                                                                                                          Note        NZ$000      NZ$000

       Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
       material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
                                                                                                                                                          Total operating revenue                                                                                   4        301,985     313,263
       Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with the Auditor-
       General’s Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
       and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic                      Contracted services for port operations                                                                             (61,363)    (63,775)
       decisions of shareholders taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.                                                           Employee benefit expenses                                                                                 5         (40,110)    (38,275)
       As part of an audit in accordance with the Auditor-General’s Auditing Standards, we exercise professional judgement and maintain                   Direct fuel and power expenses                                                                                      (10,195)    (10,752)
       professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
                                                                                                                                                          Maintenance of property, plant and equipment                                                                        (11,543)    (11,979)
       • Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design
                                                                                                                                                          Other expenses                                                                                                      (16,547)    (15,312)
         and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide
         a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from            Operating expenses                                                                                                 (139,758)   (140,093)
         error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.                  Results from operating activities                                                                                  162,227     173,170
       • Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
         circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
                                                                                                                                                          Depreciation and amortisation                                                                         10, 11, 12    (29,746)    (27,585)
       • Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures
         made by management.                                                                                                                              Impairment of property, plant and equipment                                                                               0        (499)
                                                                                                                                                          Reversal of previous revaluation deficit                                                                               175            0
       • Conclude on the appropriateness of the use of the going concern basis of accounting by the directors and, based on the audit
         evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the                                                                                                                                      (29,571)    (28,084)
         Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention
         in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
         to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However,                 Operating profit before finance costs, share of profit from Equity Accounted Investees and taxation                132,656     145,086
         future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
       • Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether        Finance income                                                                                            7            310         417
         the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
                                                                                                                                                          Finance expenses                                                                                          7         (18,840)    (18,594)
       • Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group
                                                                                                                                                          Net finance costs                                                                                         7         (18,530)    (18,177)
         to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance
         of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
       We communicate with the Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit                  Share of profit from Equity Accounted Investees                                                         14(c)       11,305        8,100
       findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.                                            Impairment of investment in Equity Accounted Investees                                                  14(b)        (6,986)          0
       We also provide the Directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence,                                                                                                                                          4,319       8,100
       and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and
       where applicable, related safeguards.
                                                                                                                                                          Profit before income tax                                                                                           118,445     135,009
       From the matters communicated with the Directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the
       consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our                  Income tax expense                                                                                        8         (28,418)    (34,432)
       auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we                Profit for the period                                                                                               90,027     100,577
       determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably
       be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
       Our responsibilities arise from the Public Audit Act 2001.                                                                                         Basic earnings per share (cents)                                                                         17            13.4        15.0
                                                                                                                                                          Diluted earnings per share (cents)                                                                       17            13.2        14.8




       Brent Manning
       KPMG
       On behalf of the Auditor-General
       Wellington, New Zealand
       27 August 2020




                                                                                                                                                          These statements are to be read in conjunction with the notes on pages 89 to 119.


/ 82                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 / 83
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



 PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES                                                                        PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME                                                                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




                                                                                              2020        2019                                                                             Share Based
                                                                                            NZ$000      NZ$000                                                                    Share       Payment      Hedging    Revaluation    Retained       Total
                                                                                                                                                                                 Capital       Reserve     Reserve       Reserve     Earnings      Equity
                                                                                                                                                                                NZ$000         NZ$000      NZ$000        NZ$000       NZ$000      NZ$000

        Profit for the period                                                               90,027     100,577
                                                                                                                       Balance at 30 June 2018                                 70,754           2,047       (9,354)    940,554       117,979    1,121,980
        Other comprehensive income
        Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:                                                              Adjustment on adoption of NZ IFRS 9                            0              0           0             0        (274)        (274)
                                                                                                                       (refer to note 20(a))
            Cash flow hedge – changes in fair value*                                         (7,555)    (8,942)
                                                                                                                       Profit for the period                                          0              0           0             0    100,577      100,577
            Cash flow hedge – reclassified to profit or loss*                                2,341       1,629
                                                                                                                       Other comprehensive income                                     0              0      (7,621)      72,577            0      64,956
            Share of net change in cash flow hedge reserves of Equity Accounted Investees      (186)      (308)
                                                                                                                       Total comprehensive income                                     0              0      (7,621)      72,577     100,577      165,533

        Items that will never be reclassified to profit or loss:
                                                                                                                       Decrease in share capital                                  (997)              0           0             0           0         (997)
            Asset revaluation, net of tax*                                                  36,876      72,129
                                                                                                                       Dividends paid during the period (refer to note 16)            0              0           0             0    (122,440)    (122,440)
            Share of net change in revaluation reserve of Equity Accounted Investees           216        448
                                                                                                                       Equity settled share based payment accrual (refer              0         2,038            0             0           0       2,038
        Total other comprehensive income                                                    31,692      64,956         to note 16)
        Total comprehensive income                                                          121,719    165,533         Revaluation surplus transferred to retained                    0              0           0             0          45          45
                                                                                                                       earnings on asset disposal
        *Net of tax effect as disclosed in notes 8 and 9.
                                                                                                                       Total transactions with owners in their capacity           (997)         2,038            0             0    (122,395)    (121,354)
                                                                                                                       as owners
                                                                                                                       Balance at 30 June 2019                                 69,757           4,085      (16,975)   1,013,131      95,887     1,165,885


                                                                                                                       Profit for the period                                          0              0           0             0     90,027       90,027
                                                                                                                       Other comprehensive income                                     0              0      (5,400)      37,092            0      31,692
                                                                                                                       Total comprehensive income                                     0              0      (5,400)      37,092      90,027      121,719


                                                                                                                       Decrease in share capital                                  (705)              0           0             0           0         (705)
                                                                                                                       Dividends paid during the period (refer to note 16)            0              0           0             0    (124,486)    (124,486)
                                                                                                                       Equity settled share based payment accrual (refer              0          1,167           0             0           0        1,167
                                                                                                                       to note 16)
                                                                                                                       Shares issued upon vesting of Management Long               764           (739)           0             0         (25)           0
                                                                                                                       Term Incentive Plan
                                                                                                                       Total transactions with owners in their capacity              59           428            0             0    (124,511)   (124,024)
                                                                                                                       as owners
                                                                                                                       Balance at 30 June 2020                                 69,816           4,513      (22,375)   1,050,223      61,403     1,163,580




        These statements are to be read in conjunction with the notes on pages 89 to 119.                              These statements are to be read in conjunction with the notes on pages 89 to 119.


/ 84                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         / 85
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



 PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES                                                                                                              PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION                                                                                                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
 AS AT 30 JUNE 2020                                                                                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




                                                                                                                                   2020        2019                                                                                                        2020        2019
                                                                                                                Note             NZ$000      NZ$000                                                                                              Note    NZ$000      NZ$000



         Assets                                                                                                                                              Cash flows from operating activities
         Property, plant and equipment                                                                           10           1,584,865    1,531,211         Receipts from customers                                                                    321,275      316,172
         Right-of-use assets                                                                                     11              25,011            0         Interest received                                                                              273         415
         Intangible assets                                                                                       12             18,979       19,028          Payments to suppliers and employees                                                        (151,007)   (151,448)
         Investments in Equity Accounted Investees                                                               14            126,984      132,731          Taxes paid                                                                                  (35,293)    (34,680)
         Receivables                                                                                                                  0          12          Interest paid                                                                               (18,111)    (18,270)
         Total non current assets                                                                                             1,755,839    1,682,982
                                                                                                                                                             Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                   117,137     112,189


         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                               8,565        3,903
                                                                                                                                                             Cash flows from investing activities
         Receivables and prepayments                                                                             15             51,399       60,610
                                                                                                                                                             Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                             68          58
         Inventories                                                                                                              1,383       1,366
                                                                                                                                                             Finance lease payments received, including interest                                              13          13
         Total current assets                                                                                                   61,347       65,879
                                                                                                                                                             Repayment of advances from Equity Accounted Investees                                             0      1,000
         Total assets                                                                                                         1,817,186    1,748,861
                                                                                                                                                             Dividends from Equity Accounted Investees                                            14     10,096       9,840
                                                                                                                                                             Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                   (38,239)    (41,125)
         Equity                                                                                                  16
                                                                                                                                                             Purchase of intangible assets                                                                  (587)     (1,058)
         Share capital                                                                                                          69,816       69,757
         Share based payment reserve                                                                                                                         Interest capitalised on property, plant and equipment                                          (451)       (274)
                                                                                                                                  4,513       4,085
         Hedging reserve                                                                                                        (22,375)     (16,975)        Total net cash used in investing activities                                                 (29,100)    (31,546)

         Revaluation reserve                                                                                                  1,050,223    1,013,131
         Retained earnings                                                                                                      61,403       95,887          Cash flows from financing activities

         Total equity                                                                                                         1,163,580    1,165,885         Proceeds from borrowings                                                                   130,265      44,250
                                                                                                                                                             Dividends paid                                                                      16     (124,486)   (122,440)
         Liabilities                                                                                                                                         Repurchase of shares                                                                           (716)     (1,386)
         Loans and borrowings                                                                                    18            229,458      124,213          Repayment of borrowings                                                                     (88,004)     (3,000)
         Lease liabilities                                                                                       11             24,810             0         Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                 (434)          0
         Derivative financial instruments                                                                        19             29,359       20,895          Net cash used in financing activities                                                       (83,375)    (82,576)
         Employee benefits                                                                                        5               3,157        1,783
         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                 9             65,349       66,389          Net increase/(decrease) in cash held                                                         4,662       (1,933)
         Total non current liabilities                                                                                         352,133      213,280          Add opening cash brought forward                                                             3,903       5,836
                                                                                                                                                             Ending cash and cash equivalents                                                             8,565       3,903
         Loans and borrowings                                                                                    18            259,000      322,000
         Lease liabilities                                                                                       11                592             0
         Derivative financial instruments                                                                        19                   0        1,138
         Trade and other payables                                                                                21             32,066       33,688
         Revenue received in advance                                                                                                93          260
         Employee benefits                                                                                        5                724         2,178
         Income tax payable                                                                                                      8,998       10,432
         Total current liabilities                                                                                             301,473      369,696
         Total liabilities                                                                                                     653,606      582,976
         Total equity and liabilities                                                                                         1,817,186    1,748,861
         Net tangible assets per share (dollars per share)                                                                         1.70         1.71

         For and on behalf of the Board of Directors who authorised these financial statements for issue on 27 August 2020.



         ………………………………………….		 …………………………………………….
         Chair					Director

         These statements are to be read in conjunction with the notes on pages 89 to 119.                                                                   These statements are to be read in conjunction with the notes on pages 89 to 119.


/ 86                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            / 87
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



 PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES                                                                                 PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

 RECONCILIATION OF PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD TO CASH FLOWS                                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020

 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020


                                                                                                                                1        COMPANY INFORMATION
                                                                                                       2020        2019
                                                                                            Note     NZ$000      NZ$000
                                                                                                                                         Reporting Entity
                                                                                                                                         Port of Tauranga Limited (referred to as the Parent Company), is a port company. The Parent Company carries out business through
                                                                                                                                         the provision of wharf facilities, land and buildings, for the storage and transit of import and export cargo, berthage, cranes, tugs and
        Profit for the period                                                                        90,027     100,577                  pilot services for customers.
                                                                                                                                         Port of Tauranga Limited holds investments in other New Zealand ports and logistic companies.
        Items classified as investing/financing activities:                                                                              The Parent Company is a company domiciled in New Zealand, and registered under the Companies Act 1993 and listed on the
                                                                                                                                         New Zealand Stock Exchange (NZX). The Parent Company is a Financial Markets Conduct (FMC) reporting entity for the purposes
            Finance lease interest revenue                                                    7           (2)        (2)                 of the Financial Reporting Act 2013 and Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013. The financial statements comply with these Acts.
            Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment                                                68         40                   The financial statements of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2020 comprise the Parent Company and its Subsidiaries (together
                                                                                                         66         38                   referred to as the Group) and the Group’s interest in Equity Accounted Investees.
                                                                                                                                         In accordance with the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013, where a reporting entity prepares consolidated financial statements,
                                                                                                                                         parent company disclosures are not required.
        Add/(less) non cash items and non operating items:
            Depreciation                                                                    10, 11   29,110      27,039         2        BASIS OF PREPARATION
            Amortisation expense                                                             12         636        546                   Statement of Compliance and Basis of Preparation
            Impairment of property, plant and equipment                                      10            0       499                   These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with New Zealand Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (NZ GAAP).
                                                                                                                                         These financial statements comply with New Zealand Equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS), and other
            Decrease in deferred taxation expense                                             9       (5,441)    (1,017)                 applicable Financial Reporting Standards, as appropriate for Tier 1 for-profit entities. They also comply with International Financial
            Ineffective portion of change in fair value of cash flow hedge                                (1)         1                  Reporting Standards.

            Amortisation of interest rate collar premium                                                                                 The financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis except for the following assets and liabilities which are stated at their
                                                                                                         86         86
                                                                                                                                         fair value: derivative financial instruments, land, buildings, harbour improvements, and wharves and hardstanding.
            Reversal of previous revaluation deficit                                                    (175)         0                  These financial statements are presented in New Zealand Dollars (NZ$), which is the Group’s functional currency. All financial
            Share of net profit after tax retained by Equity Accounted Investees            14(c)    (11,305)    (8,100)                 information presented in New Zealand Dollars has been rounded to the nearest thousand.

            Impairment of investment in Equity Accounted Investees                          14(b)     6,986           0                  Significant accounting policies that are relevant to an understanding of the financial statements are provided throughout the notes
                                                                                                                                         to the financial statements.
            Increase in equity settled share based payment accrual                                     1,167      2,038
                                                                                                                                         Accounting Estimates and Judgements
                                                                                                     21,063      21,092                  The preparation of financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the
                                                                                                                                         application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from
                                                                                                                                         these estimates.
        Add/(less) movements in working capital:
                                                                                                                                         Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the
            Change in trade receivables and prepayments                                               9,211     (10,606)                 period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods affected.
            Change in inventories                                                                        (17)      (964)                 In particular, information about significant areas of estimation uncertainty and critical judgements in applying accounting policies that
                                                                                                                                         have a significant effect on the amount recognised in the financial statements, are detailed below:
            Change in income tax payable                                                              (1,434)      769
                                                                                                                                         •   valuation of land, buildings, harbour improvements, and wharves and hardstanding (refer to note 10);
            Change in trade, other payables and revenue received in advance                           (1,779)     1,283                  •   valuation of derivative financial instruments (refer to note 19);
                                                                                                      5,981      (9,518)                 •   impairment assessment of intangible assets (refer to note 12);
        Net cash flows from operating activities                                                     117,137    112,189                  •   impairment assessment of investments in Equity Accounted Investees (refer to note 14); and
                                                                                                                                         •   valuation of share rights granted (refer to note 23).

                                                                                                                                         Fair Value Hierarchy
                                                                                                                                         Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are classified according to the following levels:
                                                                                                                                         •   Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
                                                                                                                                         •   Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (prices)
                                                                                                                                             or indirectly (derived from prices).
                                                                                                                                         •   Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
                                                                                                                                         Financial Instruments
                                                                                                                                         Financial Assets – Classification and Subsequent Measurement
                                                                                                                                         On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at: amortised cost; Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                                                                         (FVOCI) – debt investment; FVOCI – equity investment; or Fair Value Through Profit and Loss (FVTPL).
                                                                                                                                         Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Group changes its business model for managing
                                                                                                                                         financial assets, in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified on the first day of the first reporting period following the
                                                                                                                                         change in the business model.
                                                                                                                                         A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at FVTPL:
                                                                                                                                         •   it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; and
                                                                                                                                         •   its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal
                                                                                                                                             amount outstanding.

                                                                                                                                         A debt investment is measured at FVOCI if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at FVTPL:
                                                                                                                                         •   it is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets; and
                                                                                                                                         •   its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal
        These statements are to be read in conjunction with the notes on pages 89 to 119.                                                    amount outstanding.


/ 88                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      / 89
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



 PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




        2       BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                   3   SEGMENTAL REPORTING (CONTINUED)
                All financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost or FVOCI as described above are measured at FVTPL. This includes all                 The Group segment results are as follows:
                derivative financial assets.                                                                                                                                                                                         Port      Property    Marshalling                         Inter
                Financial Liabilities – Classification, Subsequent Measurement and Gains and Losses                                                                                                                            Operations      Services      Services     Unallocated (1)   Segment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Group         Group         Group             Group        Group      Group
                Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is classified as at FVTPL if it is classified       2020                                                      NZ$000        NZ$000        NZ$000             NZ$000       NZ$000     NZ$000
                as held-for-trading, it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial recognition. Financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair
                value and net gains and losses, including any interest expense, are recognised in profit or loss. Other financial liabilities are subsequently
                measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised                  Revenue (external)                                       266,293         29,628         4,966                   0          0    300,887
                in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised in profit or loss.
                                                                                                                                                                       Inter segment revenue                                           0            69        13,004                   0    (13,073)          0
                New and Amended Accounting Standards Adopted
                                                                                                                                                                       Total segment revenue                                    266,293        29,697         17,970                   0    (13,073)   300,887
                The following new standard has been adopted and applied in preparing these financial statements:
                •   NZ IFRS 16 Leases (refer to note 11).
                There are no new or amended accounting standards and interpretations that are issued but not yet adopted that are expected to have                     Other income and expenditure:
                a material impact on the Group.                                                                                                                                Share of profit from Equity Accounted                   0             0              0           11,305            0      11,305
                Covid-19                                                                                                                                                       Investees

                The Group has considered the potential impact of Covid-19 as part of its impairment testing of assets on its statement of financial position.                  Impairment of investment in Equity Accounted            0             0              0           (6,986)           0      (6,986)
                The Group’s services are considered essential services and as such, the Group continued trading throughout all alert levels, including                         Investees
                through the recent full lockdown. This has limited the impact of Covid-19 and the Government’s response on the Group. The table below
                                                                                                                                                                               Interest income                                         0             0              0               310           0        310
                provides an assessment of the impact of Covid-19 on the Group’s assets. It is acknowledged that there is significant uncertainty in how
                Covid-19 will impact the New Zealand economy and the Group in the future. This assessment is effective as at 30 June 2020 and has made                         Other income                                            0             0              0            1,273            0       1,273
                use of all available information at that time.
                                                                                                                                                                               Interest expense                                        0             0              0          (18,840)           0     (18,840)
                Asset                             Covid-19 Assessment                                                                                                          Depreciation and amortisation expense                   0             0          (946)          (28,800)           0     (29,746)
                Receivables and                   The Group has increased its provision for expected credit losses as a result of the deteriorating outlook for                Other unallocated expenditure                           0             0       (13,513)         (139,318)     13,073     (139,778)
                Prepayments                       the New Zealand economy. Refer to note 20(a) for more details.
                                                                                                                                                                               Income tax expense                                      0             0          (983)          (27,435)           0     (28,418)
                Property, Plant and               The Group’s property, plant and equipment (excluding plant and equipment) are held at fair value, and
                Equipment                         land and buildings have been revalued as at 30 June 2020 following an independent valuation by Colliers              Total other income and expenditure                              0             0       (15,442)        (208,491)      13,073     (210,860)
                                                  International New Zealand Limited (Colliers). Colliers have reported their valuation on the basis of “material
                                                  valuation uncertainty”, given the unprecedented set of circumstances on which to base a judgement.                   Total segment result                                     266,293        29,697          2,528         (208,491)            0     90,027
                                                  Refer to note 10 for more detail on valuation inputs.
                                                                                                                                                                           Operating costs are not allocated to individual business segments within the Parent Company.
                                                                                                                                                                       (1) 

                Right-of-use Assets               Covid-19 has not had any impact on any of the lease agreements underpinning these right-of-use assets.
                                                  The Group has not sought any rent relief from landlords or changed its view on likely contract extensions.                                                                         Port      Property    Marshalling                         Inter
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Operations      Services      Services     Unallocated (1)   Segment
                Investment in Equity              An impairment test was performed on Coda Group Limited Partnership due to the impact of Covid-19 on                                                                              Group         Group         Group             Group        Group      Group
                Accounted Investees               its operations. Refer to note 14 for more detail. There were no impairment indicators for the remaining              2019                                                      NZ$000        NZ$000        NZ$000             NZ$000       NZ$000     NZ$000
                                                  Equity Accounted Investees.
                Tax Depreciation on Buildings
                                                                                                                                                                       Revenue (external)                                       276,819         28,769         4,855                   0          0    310,443
                On 25 March 2020 the Government enacted the Covid-19 Response (Taxation and Social Assistance Urgent Measures) Act (Act). The Act
                reintroduces depreciation deductions on industrial and commercial buildings with effect from the start of the 2021 tax year. Refer to note 9           Inter segment revenue                                           0            58        12,823                   0    (12,881)          0
                for more detail and the impact of this law change on the financial statements.                                                                         Total segment revenue                                    276,819        28,827         17,678                   0    (12,881)   310,443

        3       SEGMENTAL REPORTING
                                                                                                                                                                       Other income and expenditure:
                Operating Segments
                                                                                                                                                                               Share of profit from Equity Accounted                   0             0              0             8,100           0       8,100
                The Group determines and presents operating segments based on the information that is internally provided to the Chief Executive, who is                       Investees
                the Group’s Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM).
                                                                                                                                                                               Interest income                                         0             0              0               417           0         417
                The Group operates in three primary reportable segments, being:
                •   Port Operations: This consists of providing and managing port services, and cargo handling facilities through the Port of Tauranga                         Other income                                            0             0             10            2,810            0       2,820
                    and MetroPort. The Port’s terminal and bulk operations have been aggregated together within the Port Operations segment, due to the                        Interest expense                                        0             0              0          (18,463)           0     (18,463)
                    similarities in economic characteristics, customers, nature of products and processes, and risks.
                                                                                                                                                                               Depreciation and amortisation expense                   0             0          (895)          (26,690)           0     (27,585)
                •   Property Services: This consists of managing and maintaining the Port’s property assets.
                •   Marshalling Services: This consists of the contracted terminal operations, stevedoring, marshalling and scaling activities of Quality                      Other unallocated expenditure                           0             0       (13,097)        (140,507)      12,881     (140,723)
                    Marshalling (Mount Maunganui) Limited (Quality Marshalling).
                                                                                                                                                                               Income tax expense                                      0             0        (1,035)          (33,397)           0     (34,432)
                The three primary business segments are managed separately as they provide different services to customers and have their own                          Total other income and expenditure                              0             0       (15,017)         (207,730)     12,881     (209,866)
                operational and marketing requirements.
                The remaining activities of the Group are not allocated to individual business segments. Due to the significant shared cost base of the Port,          Total segment result                                     276,819        28,827          2,661         (207,730)            0    100,577
                operating costs, measures of profitability, assets and liabilities are aggregated and are not reported to the CODM at a segmental level, but               Operating costs are not allocated to individual business segments within the Parent Company.
                                                                                                                                                                       (1) 
                rather at a port level, as all business decisions are made at a “whole port level”.
                The Group operates in one geographical area, that being New Zealand.




/ 90                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               / 91
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



 PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




        4       OPERATING REVENUE                                                                                                                                          5   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2020             2019
                                                                                                                                               2020              2019                                                                                                                          NZ$000           NZ$000
                                                                                                                                             NZ$000            NZ$000


                                                                                                                                                                               Wages and salaries                                                                                              38,096           36,334
                Revenue from contracts with customers
                                                                                                                                                                               ACC levy                                                                                                           291              261
                Container terminal revenue                                                                                                 178,394            176,473
                                                                                                                                                                               KiwiSaver contribution                                                                                           1,436            1,421
                Multi cargo revenue                                                                                                         52,584             60,948
                                                                                                                                                                               Medical subsidy                                                                                                    287              259
                Marine services revenue                                                                                                     40,281             43,367
                                                                                                                                                                               Total employee benefit expenses                                                                                 40,110           38,275
                                                                                                                                           271,259            280,788
                Other revenue
                                                                                                                                                                               Employee Benefit Provisions
                Rental revenue                                                                                                              29,628             28,769
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Long             Profit
                Other income                                                                                                                  1,098              3,706                                                                                                        Service      Sharing and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Leave         Bonuses              Total
                Total operating revenue                                                                                                    301,985            313,263                                                                                                         NZ$000          NZ$000            NZ$000



                Policies                     Revenue comprises the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of services in the                      Balance at 30 June 2019                                                                         1,783            2,178            3,961
                                             ordinary course of the Group’s activities. Standard credit terms are a month following invoice with any rebate                    Additional provision                                                                              482            2,414            2,896
                                             variable component calculated at the client’s financial year end. Rebateable sales are eligible for sales volume
                                             rebates. When the rebate is accrued, it is accrued as a current liability (rebate payable) based on contracted                    Unused amounts reversed                                                                           (65)                0             (65)
                                             rates and estimated volumes. For financial reporting purposes rebates are treated as a reduction in profit or
                                             loss. Revenue is shown, net of GST, rebates and discounts. Revenue is recognised as follows:                                      Utilised during the period                                                                        (88)          (2,823)          (2,911)

                                             •   Container terminal revenue: relates to the handling, processing, storage and rail containers. Contracts are entered
                                                                                                                                                                               Balance at 30 June 2020                                                                         2,112            1,769            3,881
                                                 into with shipping lines and cargo owners. The primary performance obligations identified include the load and                Total current provisions                                                                            0              724              724
                                                 discharge of containers (which include the services provided to support the handling of containers). Container
                                                 terminal revenue is recognised over time based on the number of containers exchanged (an output method). This                 Total non current provisions                                                                    2,112            1,045            3,157
                                                 method is considered appropriate as it allows revenue to be recognised based on the Group’s effort to satisfy the
                                                 performance obligation. The transaction price is determined by the contract and adjusted by variable consideration
                                                 (rebates). Rebates are based on container volume and the Group accounts for the variable consideration using
                                                                                                                                                                               Employee Benefits –              Underlying assumptions for provisions relate to the probabilities of employees reaching the required
                                                 the expected value method. The expected value is the sum of probability weighted amounts in a range of possible
                                                                                                                                                                               Long Service Leave               vesting period to qualify for long service leave. Probability factors for reaching long service leave
                                                 consideration amounts. The Group estimates container volumes based on market knowledge and historical data.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                entitlements are based on historic employee retention information.
                                             •   Multi cargo revenue: relates to the wharfage and storage of bulk goods. Contracts are entered into with cargo
                                                 owners. The stevedoring services are provided by a third party. Multi cargo revenue is recognised over time, from             Employee Benefits –              The Profit Sharing and Bonus Scheme rewards eligible employees based on a combination of Company
                                                 the point that cargo transferred from vessel to land (or vice versa), being an output method. The transaction price for       Profit Sharing and Bonuses       performance against budget and personal performance. The incentive is generally paid biannually.
                                                 multi cargo services is determined by the contract.
                                             •   Marine services revenue: relates directly to the visit of a vessel to the port and includes fees for pilotage, towage
                                                 and mooring. Contracts are entered into with vessel operators. The performance obligations identified include vessel      6   AUDIT FEES
                                                 arrival, departure and berthage. Revenue is recognised over time, based on time elapsed (berthage), being an input            Included in other expenses are fees paid to the auditors:
                                                 method. The transaction price for marine services is determined by the contract.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2020             2019
                                             •   Rental revenue: from property leased under operating leases is recognised in the income statement on a straight                                                                                                                               NZ$000           NZ$000
                                                 line basis over the term of the lease. Lease incentives provided are recognised as an integral part of the total lease
                                                 income, over the term of the lease.
                                             •   Other income: is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.                                                 Audit and review of financial statements                                                                           201              165
                                                                                                                                                                               Treasury function review                                                                                              0              33
                                                                                                                                                                               Data analytics review of GST and fixed assets                                                                        13              12
                                                                                                                                                                               Hedge accounting policy review                                                                                        0                  7
                                                                                                                                                                               Total audit and other services fees                                                                                214              217




/ 92                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        / 93
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



 PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




        7       FINANCIAL INCOME AND EXPENSE                                                                                                                           8   INCOME TAX
                                                                                                                                          2020                2019         Components of Tax Expense
                                                                                                                                        NZ$000              NZ$000
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   2020              2019
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 NZ$000            NZ$000

                Interest on lease                                                                                                             2                   2
                Interest income on bank deposits                                                                                            68                 123         Profit before income tax for the period                                                                              118,445           135,009
                Interest on advances to Equity Accounted Investees                                                                         205                 292
                Ineffective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges                                                            35                    0        Income tax on the surplus for the period at 28.0 cents                                                                33,165            37,803
                Finance income                                                                                                             310                 417
                                                                                                                                                                           Tax effect of amounts which are non deductible/(taxable) in calculating taxable income:
                Interest expense on borrowings                                                                                         (18,209)             (18,737)           Tax effect on change to depreciation rate for buildings (refer to note 9)                                          (3,327)                  0
                Less:                                                                                                                                                          Impairment of investment in Equity Accounted Investees (refer to note 14)                                           1,956                   0
                     Interest capitalised to property, plant and equipment                                                                 451                 274             Share of Equity Accounted Investees after tax income, excluding Coda Group Limited Partnership                     (3,438)           (3,258)
                                                                                                                                       (17,758)             (18,463)           Other                                                                                                                  62              (113)
                                                                                                                                                                           Total income tax expense                                                                                              28,418            34,432
                Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                                                     (996)                   0
                Ineffective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges                                                              0                  (1)       The income tax expense is represented by:
                Amortisation of interest rate collar premium                                                                                (86)                (86)
                Currency option expense                                                                                                       0                 (44)       Current tax expense
                Finance expenses                                                                                                       (18,840)             (18,594)       Tax payable in respect of the current period                                                                          33,206            35,736
                Total net finance costs                                                                                                (18,530)             (18,177)       Adjustment for prior period                                                                                               653              (287)
                                                                                                                                                                           Total current tax expense                                                                                             33,859            35,449

                Policies                    Finance income comprises interest income on bank deposits, finance lease interest and gains on hedging
                                            instruments that are recognised in the income statement. Interest income on financial assets carried at                        Deferred tax expense
                                            amortised cost is calculated using the effective interest method. Finance lease interest is recognised over
                                            the term of the lease using the net investment method, which reflects a constant periodic rate of return.                      Adjustment for prior period                                                                                              (634)                 (82)

                                            Finance expenses comprise interest expense on borrowings, finance lease interest expense, unwinding                            Origination/reversal of temporary differences                                                                          (1,480)             (935)
                                            of the discount of provisions and losses on hedging instruments that are recognised in the income statement.                   Tax effect on change to depreciation rate for buildings (refer to note 9)                                              (3,327)                  0
                                            Except for interest capitalised directly attributable to the purchase or construction of qualifying assets,
                                            all borrowing costs are measured at amortised cost and recognised in the income statement, using the effective                 Total deferred tax expense (refer to note 9)                                                                           (5,441)           (1,017)
                                            interest method.
                                                                                                                                                                           Total income tax expense                                                                                              28,418            34,432
                Capitalised Interest        The average weighted interest rate for interest capitalised to property, plant and equipment, was 3.25% for the
                                            current period (2019: 3.83%).
                                                                                                                                                                           Income tax recognised in other comprehensive income:
                                            Total interest capitalised to property, plant and equipment, was $0.451 million for the current period (2019:                                                                                                                                          2020              2019
                                            $0.274 million).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     NZ$000            NZ$000



                                                                                                                                                                           Revaluation of property, plant and equipment                                                                            6,429              (234)
                                                                                                                                                                           Cash flow hedges                                                                                                       (2,028)           (2,844)
                                                                                                                                                                           Total income tax recognised in other comprehensive income (refer to note 9)                                             4,401            (3,078)



                                                                                                                                                                           Policies                      Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax, calculated using the rate enacted or substantively
                                                                                                                                                                                                         enacted at balance date and any adjustments to tax payable in respect to prior years. Income tax expense
                                                                                                                                                                                                         is recognised in the income statement except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other
                                                                                                                                                                                                         comprehensive income or equity.

                                                                                                                                                                           Imputation Credits            Total imputation credits available for use in subsequent reporting periods are $28.696 million at 30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                                                                                         (2019: $39.750 million).




/ 94                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             / 95
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



 PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




        9       DEFERRED TAXATION                                                                                                                                      10   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                      Assets                              Liabilities                              Net                                                     Freehold         Freehold     Wharves and          Harbour         Plant and          Work in
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Land          Buildings    Hardstanding    Improvements        Equipment          Progress           Total
                                                                  2020              2019               2020                2019             2020             2019                                           NZ$000           NZ$000          NZ$000           NZ$000           NZ$000            NZ$000          NZ$000
                                                                NZ$000            NZ$000             NZ$000              NZ$000           NZ$000           NZ$000


                                                                                                                                                                            Gross carrying amount:
                Deferred tax (asset)/liability
                                                                                                                                                                            Balance at 1 July 2018        730,406          105,991          301,579          173,284           217,123            5,573       1,533,956
                Property, plant and equipment                         0                  0          75,939               74,066           75,939           74,066
                                                                                                                                                                            Additions                           22           10,237           17,233            1,183            2,877            9,083          40,635
                Intangible assets                                     0                  0              520                555               520               555
                                                                                                                                                                            Disposals                             0          (1,300)               0                0           (1,036)               0           (2,336)
                Finance lease receivables                             0                  0                 4                  7                4                  7
                                                                                                                                                                            Revaluation                     72,776                 0               0                0                0                0          72,776
                Derivatives                                      (8,273)           (6,246)                 0                  0           (8,273)          (6,246)
                                                                                                                                                                            Balance at 30 June 2019       803,204          114,928          318,812          174,467          218,964           14,656        1,645,031
                Provisions and accruals                          (2,416)           (1,993)                 0                  0           (2,416)          (1,993)
                Equity Accounted Investees                         (425)                 0                 0                  0             (425)                 0         Balance at 1 July 2019        803,204           114,928         318,812          174,467          218,964           14,656        1,645,031
                Total                                            11,114            (8,239)          76,463               74,628           65,349          66,389            Additions                             0           5,323            6,940            1,284          29,432            (4,383)         38,596
                                                                                                                                                                            Disposals                             0             (145)              0                0           (1,139)               0           (1,284)
                                                                                                     Recognised in the                   Recognised in Other
                                                                                                     Income Statement                   Comprehensive Income                Revaluation                    22,352            12,652                0                0                0                0          35,004
                                                                                                       2020                2019             2020             2019           Transfers between asset               0           4,687           (4,687)               0                0                0                0
                                                                                                     NZ$000              NZ$000           NZ$000           NZ$000           classes
                                                                                                                                                                            Balance at 30 June 2020       825,556          137,445          321,065          175,751          247,257           10,273        1,717,347

                Deferred tax (asset)/liability
                                                                                                                                                                            Accumulated depreciation
                Property, plant and equipment                                                        (4,556)             (1,031)           6,429               (234)
                                                                                                                                                                            and impairment:
                Intangible assets                                                                       (35)               139                 0                  0         Balance at 1 July 2018                0              (38)              0                0          (87,648)               0         (87,686)
                Finance lease receivables                                                                 (3)                (3)               0                  0         Depreciation expense                  0           (4,170)        (11,147)          (1,291)         (10,431)               0         (27,039)
                Derivatives                                                                                1                  0           (2,028)          (2,844)          Impairment                            0            (463)               0                0              (36)               0             (499)
                Provisions and accruals                                                                (423)               (122)               0                  0         Disposals                             0             466                0                0              938                0            1,404
                Equity Accounted Investees                                                             (425)                  0                0                  0         Balance at 30 June 2019               0          (4,205)         (11,147)          (1,291)         (97,177)               0        (113,820)
                Total                                                                                (5,441)             (1,017)           4,401           (3,078)
                                                                                                                                                                            Balance at 1 July 2019                0          (4,205)         (11,147)          (1,291)         (97,177)               0        (113,820)
                                                                                                                                                                            Depreciation expense                  0          (4,373)         (11,675)          (1,518)         (10,719)               0         (28,285)
                Policies                    Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences that arise between the carrying amount of assets and
                                            liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.                                        Disposals                             0             145                0                0            1,003                0            1,148

                                            Deferred tax is not recognised for the initial recognition of goodwill.                                                         Transfers between asset               0              (96)             96                0                0                0                0
                                                                                                                                                                            classes
                                            Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to the temporary differences when                     Revaluation                           0           8,475                0                0                0                0            8,475
                                            they reverse.
                                                                                                                                                                            Balance at 30 June 2020               0              (54)       (22,726)           (2,809)       (106,893)                0        (132,482)
                                            A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent it is probable it will be utilised.

                                            Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset and when              Carrying amounts:
                                            the deferred income taxes assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority
                                            on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances              Total net book value          803,204          110,723          307,665          173,176          121,787           14,656        1,531,211
                                            on a net basis.                                                                                                                 as at 30 June 2019

                                            The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which                        Total net book value          825,556          137,391          298,339          172,942          140,364           10,273        1,584,865
                                            the Group expects, at the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.               as at 30 June 2020
                                            For this purpose, the carrying amount of buildings classified as property, plant and equipment carried at cost
                                            is presumed to be recovered through use.
                                                                                                                                                                            Policies                  Property, plant and equipment is initially measured at cost, and subsequently stated at either fair value or
                Unrecognised Tax            There are no material unrecognised income tax losses or temporary differences carried forward. There are no                                               cost, less depreciation and any impairment losses.
                Losses or Temporary         material unrecognised temporary differences associated with the Group’s investments in Subsidiaries or Equity
                Differences                 Accounted Investees.                                                                                                                                      Subsequent expenditure that increases the economic benefits derived from the asset is capitalised.
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Land, buildings, harbour improvements, and wharves and hardstanding are measured at fair value, based
                Tax Depreciation            On 25 March 2020 the Government enacted the Covid-19 Response (Taxation and Social Assistance Urgent
                                                                                                                                                                                                      upon periodic valuations by external independent valuers. The Group undertakes a three yearly revaluation
                of Buildings                Measures) Act (Act). The Act reintroduces depreciation deductions on industrial and commercial buildings with
                                                                                                                                                                                                      cycle to ensure the carrying value of these assets does not differ materially from their fair value. In the years
                                            effect from the start of the 2021 tax year. Tax depreciation on buildings with an estimated useful life of 50 years
                                                                                                                                                                                                      between independent valuations, the carrying value of land is adjusted annually based on a desktop valuation
                                            or more was previously removed from the start of the 2012 tax year.
                                                                                                                                                                                                      provided by an independent valuer, as underlying land values are considered the significant determinant
                                            The 2012 law change reduced the tax base which resulted in the recognition of deferred tax liabilities for                                                of fair value changes. For the remaining asset classes, if during the three year revaluation cycle there are
                                            those buildings. The reinstatement of tax depreciation on those buildings in the current year will increase the                                           indicators that the fair value of a particular asset class may differ materially from its carrying value, an interim
                                            tax base and reduce the existing deferred tax liability. The quantum of the tax base going forward reflects tax                                           revaluation of that asset class is undertaken.
                                            depreciation deductions available over the remaining economic life of the building.                                                                       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment, other than freehold land and capital dredging (included within
                                                                                                                                                                                                      harbour improvements), is calculated on a straight line basis and expensed over their estimated useful lives.
                                            The impact of this law change has resulted in a decrease to tax expense and a movement in deferred tax of
                                            $3.327 million.



/ 96                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         / 97
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



 PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




        10      PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)                                                                                                      10   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

                Policies (continued)    Major useful lives are:                                                                                                     Judgements        The significant assumptions applied in the valuation of these assets are:
                                                                                                                                                                    (continued)
                                             Freehold buildings                  33 to 85 years
                                             Maintenance dredging                       3 years                                                                                                                                                                  2020                         2019

                                             Wharves                             44 to 70 years                                                                                                                                                            Range of                     Range of
                                                                                                                                                                                              Asset                                                      Significant    Weighted       Significant   Weighted
                                             Basecourse                                50 years                                                                                               Valuation       Key Valuation                            Assumptions       Average     Assumptions      Average
                                             Asphalt                                   15 years                                                                                               Method          Assumptions                   Hectares               $           $                $           $
                                             Gantry cranes                       10 to 40 years                                                                                               Direct sales    Tauranga (Sulphur                181.7       360-930          417         330-770          411
                                             Floating plant                      10 to 25 years                                                                                               comparison      Point) / Mount
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Maunganui – wharf
                                             Other plant and equipment            5 to 25 years
                                                                                                                                                                                                              and industrial land per
                                             Electronic equipment                  3 to 5 years                                                                                                               square metre
                                        Capital and maintenance dredging are held as harbour improvements. Capital dredging has an indefinite useful                                                          Auckland land – land               6.8       720-800          746         568-596          592
                                        life and is not depreciated as the channel is maintained via maintenance dredging to its original depth and                                                           adjacent to MetroPort
                                        contours. Maintenance dredging is depreciated over three years.                                                                                                       Auckland per square
                                                                                                                                                                                                              metre
                                        Work in progress relates to self constructed assets or assets that are being acquired which are under
                                        construction at balance date. Once the asset is fit for intended service, it is transferred to the appropriate asset                                                  Rolleston land –                  15.0            110         110              100         100
                                        class and depreciation commences. Software developed undertaken as part of a project is transferred                                                                   MetroPort Christchurch
                                        to intangibles on completion.                                                                                                                                         per square metre

                                        An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised when it is sold or otherwise disposed of, or when its                                •   Waterfront Access Premium: A premium of approximately 25% has been applied to the main wharf land
                                        use is expected to bring no future economic benefit. Upon disposal or derecognition, any revaluation reserve                                      areas reflecting the locational benefits this land asset gains from direct waterfront access.
                                        relating to the particular asset being disposed or derecognised is transferred to retained earnings.
                                                                                                                                                                                      •   No Restriction of Title: Valuation is made on the assumption that having no legal title to the Tauranga
                                                                                                                                                                                          harbour foreshore will not detrimentally influence the value of land assets.
                Restriction             An area of 12,000 square metres of land located between the Sulphur Point wharves and the Parliamentary
                on Title                approved reclamation does not have formal title. Actions are being taken to resolve the issue and obtain title.                               •   Highest and Best Use of Land: Subject to relevant local authority’s zoning regulations.
                                        The resolution lies with Land Information New Zealand.                                                                                            •     Tauranga and Mount Maunganui: The majority of land is zoned “Port Industry” under the Tauranga City
                                                                                                                                                                                                Plan and a small portion of land at both Sulphur Point and Mount Maunganui has “Industry” zoning.
                Security                Certain items of property, plant and equipment have been pledged as security against certain loans and
                                        borrowings of the Group (refer to note 18).                                                                                                       •     Auckland: The land is zoned “Heavy Industry Zone” under the Auckland Unitary Plan.
                                                                                                                                                                                          •     Rolleston: The land is zoned “Business 2A” under the Selwyn District Plan.
                Occupation              The Parent Company holds consent to occupy areas of the Coastal Marine Area to enable the management
                of Foreshore            and operation of port related commercial undertakings that it acquired under the Port Companies Act 1988.                                     Building Valuations
                                        The consented area includes a 10 metre radius around navigation aids and a strip from 30 to 60 metres wide
                                        along the extent of the wharf areas at both Sulphur Point and Mount Maunganui.                                                                The valuation of buildings was carried out by Colliers International New Zealand Limited. The valuation
                                                                                                                                                                                      increased the carrying amount of buildings by $21.127 million.
                Capital Commitments     The estimated capital expenditure for property, plant and equipment contracted for at balance date but not                                    The majority of assets are valued on a combined land and building basis using a Capitalised Income Model
                                        provided for is $6.989 million.                                                                                                               with either contract income or market income. A small number of specialised assets, such as gatehouses and
                                                                                                                                                                                      toilet blocks, are valued on a Depreciated Replacement Cost basis due to their specialised nature and the
                Judgements              Fair Values                                                                                                                                   lack of existing market.
                                        This fair value measurement has been categorised as a Level 3 fair value based on the inputs for the                                          The Capitalised Income Model uses either the contracted rental income or an assessed market rental income
                                        assets which are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs), (refer to note 2 for fair value                                   of a property and then capitalises the valuation of the property using an appropriate yield. Contracted rental
                                        measurement hierarchy).                                                                                                                       income is used when the contracted income is receivable for a reasonable term from secured tenants. Market
                                                                                                                                                                                      income is used when the current contract rent varies from the assessed market rent due to over or under
                                        Judgement is required to determine whether the fair value of land, buildings, wharves and hardstanding, and
                                                                                                                                                                                      renting, vacant space and a number of other factors.
                                        harbour improvements assets have changed materially since the last revaluation. The determination of fair value
                                        at the time of the revaluation requires estimates and assumptions based on market conditions at that time.                                    The value of land is deducted from the overall property valuation to give rise to a building valuation.
                                        Changes to estimates, assumptions or market conditions subsequent to a revaluation will result in changes to
                                                                                                                                                                                      The significant assumptions applied in the valuation of these building assets are:
                                        the fair value of property, plant and equipment.
                                        Remaining useful lives and residual values are estimated based on Management’s judgement, previous                                                                                                                       2020                         2019
                                        experience and guidance from registered valuers. Changes in those estimates affect the carrying value and the
                                        depreciation expense in the income statement.                                                                                                                                                                      Range of                     Range of
                                                                                                                                                                                              Asset                                                      Significant    Weighted       Significant   Weighted
                                        At the end of each reporting period, the Group makes an assessment whether the carrying amounts differ                                                Valuation           Key Valuation                        Assumptions       Average     Assumptions      Average
                                                                                                                                                                                              Method              Assumptions                                     %           %                 %          %
                                        materially from the fair value and whether a revaluation is required. The assessment considers movements in the
                                        capital goods price indices and other market indicators since the previous valuations.                                                                Capitalised         Market capitalisation rate             4.50-8.00         5.33       5.00-8.00          5.47
                                                                                                                                                                                              income model
                                        In line with policy, at 30 June 2020, the Group adjusted the carrying value of land based on a desktop valuation.
                                        The Group also revalued buildings due to indicators of potential material movement in the fair value of the asset                             Wharves and Hardstanding, and Harbour Improvements
                                        class. At 30 June 2020, the assessment is that there is no material change compared with carrying value in the
                                        fair value of wharves and hardstanding, and harbour improvements.                                                                             The last valuation of wharves and hardstanding, and harbour improvements assets were carried out at 30
                                                                                                                                                                                      June 2018 by WSP Opus. Wharves and hardstanding, and harbour improvements assets are classified as
                                        Land Valuation                                                                                                                                specialised assets and have accordingly been valued on a Depreciated Replacement Cost basis.
                                        The valuation of land assets was carried out by Colliers International New Zealand Limited. The valuation                                     The significant assumptions applied in the valuation of these assets are:
                                        increased the carrying amount of land by $22.352 million.                                                                                     •   Replacement Unit Costs of Construction Rates – Cost Rates Are Calculated Taking Into Account:
                                        Land assets are valued using the direct sales comparison approach which analyses direct sales of comparable                                       •     The Parent Company’s historic cost data, including any recent competitively tendered construction works.
                                        properties on the basis of the sale price per square metre which are then adjusted to reflect stronger and
                                                                                                                                                                                          •     Published cost information.
                                        weaker fundamentals relative to the subject properties.
                                                                                                                                                                                          •     The WSP Opus construction cost database.
                                        The interim valuation was performed on a desk top basis with no physical inspection of the sites, therefore the work
                                        performed is less than that which would be undertaken at the full revaluation cycle.                                                              •     Long run price trends.
                                                                                                                                                                                          •     Historic costs adjusted for changes in price levels.
                                                                                                                                                                                          •     An allowance is included for costs directly attributable to bringing assets into working condition, management
                                                                                                                                                                                                costs and the financing cost of capital held over construction period.


/ 98                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             / 99
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



 PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




        10      PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                    11   LEASES
                                                                                                                                                                                  Leases as a Lessee
                Judgements              •    Depreciation – the Calculated Remaining Lives of Assets Are Reviewed, Taking Into Account:
                (continued)                                                                                                                                                       NZ IFRS 16 Leases replaces NZ IAS 17 Leases and removes the classification of leases as either operating leases or finance leases,
                                             •     Observed and reported condition, performance and utilisation of the asset.                                                     for the lessee, and consequently all lease (other than short term or low value leases), are recognised on the balance sheet. This has
                                             •     Expected changes in technology.                                                                                                resulted in the Group recognising right-of-use assets and related lease liabilities on the statement of financial position. As a result,
                                                                                                                                                                                  payments for leases previously classified as operating leases, which include leases of land and building, and vehicles, have been
                                             •     Consideration of current use, age and operational demand.                                                                      reclassified from operating expenses to depreciation and interest expense.
                                             •     Discussions with the Parent Company’s operational officers.                                                                    The Group has adopted NZ IFRS 16 using the modified retrospectively approach from 1 July 2019 but it has not restated comparatives
                                             •     Opus Consultants’ in-house experience from other infrastructure valuations.                                                    for previous periods. The reclassifications and the adjustments arising from the new standard are therefore recognised in the opening
                                                                                                                                                                                  balance sheet on 1 July 2019.
                                             •     Residual values.
                                                                                                                                                                                  The lease liabilities were measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments. Lease payments are discounted at the
                                        The significant assumptions applied in the valuation of these wharves and hardstanding, and harbour                                       Group’s incremental borrowing rate as at 1 July 2019. The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities
                                        improvements assets are:                                                                                                                  at 1 July 2019 was 4.0%. The right-of-use assets were measured at the amount equal to the corresponding lease liabilities, with no
                                                                                                                                                                                  change in net assets.
                                                                                                                      2020                              2019                      The Group applied the following practical expedients when applying NZ IFRS 16 to leases previously classified as operating leases
                                                                                                                                                                                  under NZ IAS 17:
                                                                                                            Range of                            Range of
                                                 Asset                                                    Significant          Weighted        Significant       Weighted         •   a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with similar characteristics;
                                                 Valuation        Key Valuation                         Assumptions             Average      Assumptions          Average
                                                 Method           Assumptions                                       $                 $                 $               $         •   exemption to not recognise right-of-use assets for low value leases; and
                                                 Depreciated      Wharf construction replacement         5,000-7,000             6,446      5,000-7,000            6,446          •   exemption to not recognise, right-of-use assets for leases with less than 12 months remaining.
                                                 replacement      unit cost rates per square metre –
                                                 cost basis       high performance wharves                                                                                        The judgements and estimates made when adopting NZ IFRS 16 include:
                                                                  Earthworks construction                             9              9                  9                9        •   incremental borrowing rate, being the rate that the Group have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar
                                                                  replacement unit cost rates per                                                                                     value with similar terms and conditions; and
                                                                  square metre                                                                                                    •   lease terms, including any right of renewal where it is reasonably certain they will be exercised.
                                                                  Basecourse construction                         20-40             31               20-40              31
                                                                  replacement unit cost rates per                                                                                 The impact of adoption of NZ IFRS 16 on the Group’s statement of financial position is summarised in the table below:
                                                                  square metre
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               30 June 2020       1 July 2019
                                                                  Asphalt construction replacement                23-50             44               23-50              44                                                                                                                          NZ$000           NZ$000
                                                                  unit cost rates per square metre
                                                                  Capital dredging replacement                     4-75               *               4-75               *
                                                                  unit cost rates per square metre                                                                                Right-of-use assets                                                                                               25,011           24,273
                                                                  Depreciation method                       Straight                Not     Straight line             Not         Lease liabilities (current)                                                                                         (592)             (397)
                                                                                                          line basis         applicable            basis       applicable
                                                                  Channel assets (capital dredging)                                            Indefinite             Not         Lease liabilities (non current)                                                                                  (24,810)         (23,876)
                                                                                                              Indefinite            Not
                                                                  useful life                                                applicable                        applicable
                                                                  Pavement remaining useful lives         2-32 years          14 years       2-32 years         14 years          When compared to the accounting policies in the prior comparative period, the adoption of NZ IFRS 16 on the Group’s income statement
                                                                                                                                                                                  for the year ended 30 June 2020 is summarised in the table below:
                                                                  Wharves remaining useful lives          0-65 years          24 years       0-65 years         24 years
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Pre                              Post
                                             *Weighted average unit cost rates are not presented due to the complexity in measuring the types and                                                                                                                               NZ IFRS 16      Adjustments       NZ IFRS 16
                                             locations of removed quantities.                                                                                                                                                                                                      NZ$000           NZ$000           NZ$000

                                        Sensitivities to Changes in Key Valuation Assumptions for Land, Buildings, Wharves and Hardstanding, and
                                        Harbour Improvements
                                                                                                                                                                                  Other expenses                                                                                    17,976           (1,429)         16,547
                                        The following table shows the impact on the fair value due to a change in significant unobservable input:
                                                                                                                                                                                  Depreciation and amortisation                                                                     28,921             825           29,746
                                                                                                                                          Fair Value Measurement                  Finance expenses                                                                                  17,844             996           18,840
                                                                                                                                          Sensitivity to Significant
                                                                                                                                                                                  Income tax expense                                                                                24,748             (110)         24,638
                                                                                                                                          Increase           Decrease
                                                                                                                                          in Input           in Input
                                                                                                                                                                                  The Group as the lessee has various non cancellable leases predominantly for the lease of land and buildings. The leases have varying
                                                 Unobservable inputs within the direct sales comparison approach
                                                                                                                                                                                  term and renewal rights.
                                                 for land
                                                 Rate per             The rate per square metre assessed from recently sold               Increase           Decrease
                                                 square metre         properties of a similar nature
                                                 Unobservable inputs within the income capitalisation approach
                                                 for buildings
                                                 Market rent          The valuer’s assessment of the net market income                    Increase           Decrease
                                                                      attributable to the property
                                                 Market               The rate of return, determined through analysis of                  Decrease           Increase
                                                 capitalisation       comparable market related sales transactions, that is
                                                 rate                 applied to a market rent to assess a property’s value
                                                 Unobservable inputs within depreciated replacement cost analysis
                                                 for buildings, wharves and hardstanding, and harbour improvements
                                                 Unit costs of        The cost of constructing various asset types based                  Increase           Decrease
                                                 construction         on a variety of sources
                                                 Remaining            The remaining useful life on an asset                               Increase           Decrease
                                                 useful lives



/ 100                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           / 101
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



 PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




        11      LEASES (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                                       12   INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Computer      Consents and
                Information about leases for which the Group is a lessee is presented below:                                                                                                                                                                Goodwill         Software        Contracts           Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            NZ$000            NZ$000          NZ$000           NZ$000
                                                                                                                                                         30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                                              NZ$000

                                                                                                                                                                              Cost:

                Right-of-use assets                                                                                                                                           Balance at 1 July 2018                                                        15,490             4,154          10,000           29,644
                                                                                                                                                                              Additions                                                                           0               486             567           1,053
                Opening balance                                                                                                                               24,273
                                                                                                                                                                              Balance at 30 June 2019                                                       15,490             4,640          10,567           30,697
                Depreciation                                                                                                                                     (825)
                Additions to right-of-use assets                                                                                                                 298
                                                                                                                                                                              Balance at 1 July 2019                                                        15,490             4,640           10,567          30,697
                Adjustments to existing right-of-use assets                                                                                                    1,265
                                                                                                                                                                              Additions                                                                           0               587                0               587
                Closing balance                                                                                                                               25,011          Balance at 30 June 2020                                                       15,490             5,227          10,567           31,284


                Lease liabilities maturity analysis                                                                                                                           Accumulated amortisation:
                Between zero to one year                                                                                                                         592          Balance at 1 July 2018                                                              0           (1,736)          (9,387)         (11,123)

                Between one to five years                                                                                                                      2,496          Amortisation expense                                                                0             (422)            (124)             (546)
                                                                                                                                                                              Balance at 30 June 2019                                                             0           (2,158)          (9,511)        (11,669)
                More than five years                                                                                                                          22,314
                Total lease liabilities                                                                                                                       25,402
                                                                                                                                                                              Balance at 1 July 2019                                                              0            (2,158)         (9,511)        (11,669)
                                                                                                                                                                              Amortisation expense                                                                0             (497)            (139)             (636)
                During the year a lease liabilities interest expense of $0.996 million was recognised in the income statement.
                                                                                                                                                                              Balance at 30 June 2020                                                             0           (2,655)          (9,650)        (12,305)
                                                                                                                                                         30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                                              NZ$000
                                                                                                                                                                              Carrying amounts:
                                                                                                                                                                              Total net book value 30 June 2019                                             15,490             2,482            1,056          19,028
                Reconciliation of lease commitments to lease liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                              Total net book value 30 June 2020                                             15,490             2,572              917          18,979
                Operating commitments as at 30 June 2019 not previously disclosed                                                                             49,613
                Discounted at the incremental borrowing rate at the date of initial application                                                              (25,340)
                Net present value of future lease payments as at 1 July 2019                                                                                  24,273          Policies                  Goodwill that arises upon the acquisition of Subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. The Group measures
                                                                                                                                                                                                        goodwill as the fair value of consideration transferred, less the fair value of the net identifiable assets and
                                                                                                                                                                                                        liabilities assumed at acquisition date.
                Leases as a Lessor                                                                                                                                                                      Goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses.
                Lessor accounting is substantially unchanged from accounting under NZ IAS 17 and no adjustments resulted on transition to NZ IFRS 16.
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Other intangible assets acquired by the Group, which have finite useful lives, are measured at cost less
                Future minimum lease receivables from non cancellable operating leases where the Group is the lessor are:                                                                               accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.

                                                                                                                                              2020              2019
                                                                                                                                                                                                        The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are:
                                                                                                                                            NZ$000            NZ$000                                        Consents and contracts               10 to 35 years
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Computer software                     1 to 10 years

                Within one year                                                                                                             21,527            18,295                                    The carrying amounts of the Group’s intangibles other than goodwill are reviewed at each reporting date to
                                                                                                                                                                                                        determine whether there is any objective evidence of impairment.
                One to two years                                                                                                            14,603            14,730
                Two to three years                                                                                                          11,486            10,840                                    Goodwill is tested for impairment annually, based upon the value-in-use of the cash generating unit to which
                                                                                                                                                                                                        the goodwill relates. The cash flow projections include specific estimates for five years and a terminal growth
                Three to four years                                                                                                          9,018             9,332                                    rate thereafter.
                Four to five years                                                                                                           8,280              6,076
                                                                                                                                                                              Judgements                Goodwill relates to goodwill arising on the acquisition of Quality Marshalling.
                Greater than five years                                                                                                     44,096            39,721
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Goodwill was tested for impairment at 30 June 2020 and confirmed that no adjustment was required.
                Total                                                                                                                     109,010             98,994
                                                                                                                                                                                                        For impairment testing the calculation of value-in-use was based upon the following key assumptions:
                                                                                                                                                                                                        •   Cash flows were projected using management forecasts over the five year period.
                Policies             Where the Group is the Lessor, assets leased under operating leases are included in property, plant and equipment, in the                                          •   Terminal cash flows were estimated using a constant growth rate of 2% after year five.
                                     statements of financial position, as appropriate.
                                                                                                                                                                                                        •   A pre-tax discount rate of 12% was used.
                                     Payments and receivables made under operating leases are recognised in the income statement on a straight line basis
                                     over the term of the lease.
                                     Lease incentives are recognised as an integral part of the total lease expense/revenue, over the term of the lease.
                                     Where the Group is a lessee, a right-of-use asset and a lease liability are recognised at the lease commencement date.
                                     The right-of-use asset is initially measured at a cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for
                                     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial indirect costs. The right-of-use asset is
                                     subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method over the life of the lease term.
                                     The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement
                                     date, discounted using the Group’s incremental borrowing rate. The lease liability is subsequently measured at amortised
                                     cost using the effective interest rate method. It is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments or if the
                                     Group changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a right of renewal.
                                     When the lease liability is remeasured, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset.

/ 102                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      / 103
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



 PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




        13      INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES                                                                                                                          14   INVESTMENTS IN EQUITY ACCOUNTED INVESTEES (CONTINUED)
                Investments in Subsidiaries Comprises:                                                                                                                    (c) Summarised Financial Information of Equity Accounted Investees:
                                                                                                                        2020              2019           Balance             The following table summarises the financial information of individually material Equity Accounted Investees, Northport Limited and
                Name of Entity                    Place of Business       Principal Activity                              %                 %               Date             Coda Group Limited Partnership, and the combined value of individually immaterial Equity Accounted Investees as included in their
                                                                                                                                                                             own financial statements, adjusted for fair value adjustments at acquisition and differences in accounting policies.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Individually
                Port of Tauranga Trustee          New Zealand             Holding company for employee                100.00           100.00           30 June                                                                                                     Coda Group    Immaterial Equity
                Company Limited                                           share scheme                                                                                                                                                               Northport          Limited         Accounted
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Limited       Partnership          Investees         Total
                Quality Marshalling               New Zealand             Marshalling and terminal                    100.00           100.00           30 June              2020                                                                     NZ$000           NZ$000              NZ$000        NZ$000
                (Mount Maunganui) Limited                                 operations services

                                                                                                                                                                             Cash and cash equivalents                                                    325            2,923              3,223         6,471
                Policies            Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Parent Company. Control exists when the Parent Company is exposed, or
                                    has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through               Total current assets                                                       5,366          22,782               9,998        38,146
                                    its power over the investee. In assessing control, potential voting rights that presently are exercisable, are taken into
                                                                                                                                                                             Total non current assets                                                141,676           98,796            114,921        355,393
                                    account. The financial statements of Subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date
                                    that control commences until the date that control ceases.                                                                               Total assets                                                            147,042          121,578            124,919        393,539
                                    Intra-group balances, and any unrealised income and expenses arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated in
                                    preparing the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                                                                             Current financial liabilities excluding trade and other payables               0           (1,539)            (8,146)       (9,685)
                                                                                                                                                                             and provisions
                                                                                                                                                                             Total current liabilities                                                 (5,542)        (15,345)            (12,911)      (33,798)
        14      INVESTMENTS IN EQUITY ACCOUNTED INVESTEES
                (a) Investments in Equity Accounted Investees Comprises:                                                                                                     Non current financial liabilities excluding trade and other              (46,298)         (69,551)           (44,520)     (160,369)
                                                                                                                                                                             payables and provisions
                                                                                                                        2020              2019           Balance
                     Name of Entity                                      Principal Activity                               %                 %               Date             Total non current liabilities                                            (46,298)         (69,551)          (44,520)      (160,369)
                                                                                                                                                                             Total liabilities                                                        (51,840)        (84,896)            (57,431)     (194,167)
                     Coda Group Limited Partnership                      Freight logistics and warehousing             50.00             50.00          30 June              Net assets                                                               95,202           36,682              67,488       199,372
                     Northport Limited                                   Sea port                                      50.00             50.00          30 June              Group’s share of net assets                                               47,601          18,341             33,752         99,694
                     PortConnect Limited                                 On line cargo management                      50.00             50.00          30 June              Goodwill acquired on acquisition of Equity Accounted                           0          22,428               4,862        27,290
                                                                                                                                                                             Investees, less impairment losses
                     PrimePort Timaru Limited                            Sea port                                      50.00             50.00          30 June
                                                                                                                                                                             Carrying amount of Equity Accounted Investees                             47,601          40,769              38,613       126,984
                     Timaru Container Terminal Limited                   Sea port                                      50.10             50.10          30 June

                                                                                                                                                                             Revenues                                                                 39,840          219,000              39,371       298,211
                (b) Carrying Value of Investments in Equity Accounted Investees
                                                                                                                                                                             Depreciation and amortisation                                             (4,054)         (14,600)            (2,896)      (21,550)
                                                                                                                                         2020              2019
                                                                                                                                       NZ$000            NZ$000              Interest expense                                                          (1,850)          (3,240)            (1,302)       (6,392)
                                                                                                                                                                             Net profit before tax                                                    22,527            (1,944)             9,510        30,093
                     Balance as at 1 July                                                                                             132,731           134,331              Tax expense                                                               (4,937)               0             (2,548)        (7,485)
                                                                                                                                                                             Net profit after tax                                                      17,590           (1,944)             6,962        22,608
                     Group’s share of net profit after tax                                                                             11,305              8,100             Other comprehensive income                                                (1,026)               0              1,086            60
                     Group’s share of hedging reserve                                                                                     (186)             (308)            Total comprehensive income                                               16,564            (1,944)             8,048        22,668
                     Group’s share of revaluation reserve                                                                                  216              448              Group’s share of net profit after tax                                      8,795             (972)             3,482        11,305
                     Group’s share of total comprehensive income                                                                       11,335             8,240              Group’s share of total comprehensive income                                8,282             (972)             4,025        11,335
                                                                                                                                                                             Group’s share of dividends/distributions                                   8,745                0              1,351        10,096
                     Impairment of investment in Equity Accounted Investees                                                             (6,986)                  0
                     Dividends received                                                                                               (10,096)            (9,840)
                     Balance as at 30 June                                                                                            126,984           132,731




/ 104                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               / 105
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



 PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




        14      INVESTMENTS IN EQUITY ACCOUNTED INVESTEES (CONTINUED)                                                                                            15   RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS
                                                                                                                                    Individually
                                                                                                                Coda Group     Immaterial Equity                                                                                                                                      2020             2019
                                                                                                  Northport         Limited          Accounted                                                                                                                                      NZ$000           NZ$000
                                                                                                   Limited      Partnership           Investees         Total
                     2019                                                                          NZ$000          NZ$000               NZ$000        NZ$000

                                                                                                                                                                      Trade receivables                                                                                             44,278           51,702
                     Cash and cash equivalents                                                        386            3,748               2,464           6,598        Provision for expected credit losses – trade receivables (refer to note 20(a))                                   (201)               (22)
                     Total current assets                                                           4,766           26,091               7,698        38,555
                                                                                                                                                                      Trade receivables from Equity Accounted Investees and related parties                                            101                584
                     Total non current assets                                                     131,515           40,053              94,194       265,762
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    44,178           52,286
                     Total assets                                                                136,281            66,144            101,892        304,317


                     Current financial liabilities excluding trade and other payables and                0           (2,749)            (6,738)        (9,487)        Advances to Equity Accounted Investees (refer to note 22)                                                      5,319            5,319
                     provisions
                                                                                                                                                                      Provision for expected credit losses – advances to Equity Accounted Investees (refer to note 20(a))              (481)              (269)
                     Total current liabilities                                                     (4,812)         (20,101)            (11,366)      (36,279)
                                                                                                                                                                      Prepayments and sundry receivables                                                                             2,383            3,005

                     Non current financial liabilities excluding trade and other payables         (35,341)           (7,417)           (28,384)       (71,142)        Total receivables and prepayments                                                                             51,399           60,610
                     and provisions
                     Total non current liabilities                                                (35,341)           (7,417)          (28,384)        (71,142)        The ageing of trade receivables at reporting date was:
                     Total liabilities                                                            (40,153)         (27,518)            (39,750)     (107,421)                                                                                                                         2020             2019
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    NZ$000           NZ$000
                     Net assets                                                                    96,128           38,626              62,142       196,896
                     Group’s share of net assets                                                  48,064            19,313              31,078        98,455
                     Goodwill acquired on acquisition of Equity Accounted                                0          29,414               4,862        34,276          Not past due                                                                                                  31,374           35,358
                     Investees
                                                                                                                                                                      Past due 0-30 days                                                                                            11,442           14,400
                     Carrying amount of Equity Accounted Investees                                48,064            48,727             35,940        132,731
                                                                                                                                                                      Past due 30-60 days                                                                                            1,078            1,339

                     Revenues                                                                      42,622          215,884              36,797       295,303          Past due 60-90 days                                                                                                92               601
                     Depreciation and amortisation                                                  (3,818)          (1,799)            (2,272)        (7,889)        More than 90 days                                                                                                292                   4
                     Interest expense                                                               (1,813)             (18)            (1,246)        (3,077)        Total of ageing of trade receivables                                                                          44,278           51,702
                     Net profit before tax                                                         24,028           (7,072)              7,289        24,245
                     Tax expense                                                                   (6,038)                0             (2,012)        (8,050)
                                                                                                                                                                      Polices                    Receivables and prepayments are initially recognised at transaction price. They are subsequently measured
                     Net profit after tax                                                          17,990           (7,072)              5,277        16,195                                     at amortised cost, and adjusted for impairment losses.
                     Other comprehensive income                                                      (296)                0                576            280
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Receivables with a short duration are not discounted.
                     Total comprehensive income                                                    17,694           (7,072)              5,853        16,475
                     Group’s share of net profit after tax                                          8,995           (3,536)              2,641           8,100        Fair Values                The nominal value less impairment provision of trade receivables are assumed to approximate their fair
                                                                                                                                                                                                 values due to their short term nature.
                     Group’s share of total comprehensive income                                    8,847           (3,536)              2,929           8,240
                     Group’s share of dividends/distributions                                       9,190                 0                650           9,840        Judgements                 A provision for expected credit losses is established when the assessment under NZ IFRS 9 deems a
                                                                                                                                                                                                 provision is required (refer to note 20(a)).

                     Policies                    The Parent Company’s interests in Equity Accounted Investees comprise interests in Joint Ventures.                   Advances to Equity         The Parent Company makes advances to Equity Accounted Investees for short term funding purposes.
                                                                                                                                                                      Accounted Investees        These advances are repayable on demand and interest rates charged on these advances are varied.
                                                 A Joint Venture is an arrangement in which the Parent Company has joint control, whereby the Parent
                                                 Company has rights to the net assets of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligations
                                                 for its liabilities.
                                                 Equity Accounted Investees are accounted for using the equity method.
                                                 In respect of Equity Accounted Investees, the carrying amount of goodwill is included in the carrying
                                                 amount of the investment and not tested for impairment separately.
                     Tax Treatment of            Coda Group Limited Partnership is treated as a partnership for tax purposes and is not taxed at the
                     Coda Group Limited          partnership level. Fifty percent of the income and expense flow through the limited partnership to the Parent
                     Partnership                 Company who is then taxed.
                     Judgements                  It has been determined that the Parent Company has joint control over its investees, due to the existence
                                                 of contractual agreements which require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control over relevant
                                                 business activities.

                                                 The investment in Coda Group Limited Partnership was tested for impairment at 30 June 2020, based upon
                                                 the value-in-use of the investment. Value-in-use was determined by discounting five year future cash flows
                                                 and was based upon the following key assumptions:
                                                 •   Cash flow projections for the years 2021 to 2023 were projected using management forecasts.
                                                 •   An annual growth rate of 5% has been included in cash flow projections for the years 2024 and 2025.
                                                 •   Terminal cash flows were estimated using a constant growth rate of 1.25% after year five.
                                                 •   An after tax discount rate of 8.7% was applied in determining the recoverable amount of the investment.
                                                 The values assigned to the key assumptions represent management’s assessment of future trends in the
                                                 industry and are based on both external and internal sources.
                                                 As a result of impairment testing performed, the Parent Company has impaired its investment in Coda
                                                 Group Limited Partnership by $6.986 million.
/ 106                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             / 107
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



 PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




        16      EQUITY                                                                                                                                           16   EQUITY (CONTINUED)
                Share Capital
                                                                                                                                                                      Share Based                Share rights are granted to employees in accordance with the Parent Company’s Management Long
                                                                                                                                       2020               2019        Payments Reserve           Term Incentive Plan. The fair value of share rights granted under the plan are measured at grant date and
                                                                                                                                                                      – Management Long          recognised as an employee expense over the vesting period with a corresponding increase in equity. The fair
                                                                                                                                                                      Term Incentive             value at grant date of the share rights are independently determined using an appropriate valuation model
                                                                                                                                                                                                 that takes into account the terms and conditions upon which they were granted (refer to note 23).
                Number of ordinary shares issued
                Balance as at 1 July                                                                                          679,920,525        680,119,179                                     This reserve is used to record the accumulated value of the unvested shares rights, which have been
                                                                                                                                                                                                 recognised as an expense in the income statement. Upon the vesting of share rights, the balance of the
                Shares issued during year                                                                                          155,530           128,820                                     reserve relating to the share rights is offset against the cost of treasury stock allotted to settle the obligation,
                                                                                                                                                                                                 with any difference in the cost of settling the commitment transferred to retained earnings.
                Shares repurchased by the Group during the year                                                                    (110,623)         (327,474)
                                                                                                                                                                      Hedging Reserve            The hedging reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in fair value of cash flow
                Balance as at 30 June                                                                                         679,965,432       679,920,525                                      hedging instruments, related to hedged transactions that have not yet occurred.
                                                                                                                                                                      Revaluation Reserve        The revaluation reserve relates to the revaluation of land, buildings, wharves and hardstanding, and harbour
                Dividends                                                                                                                                                                        improvements.
                The following dividends were declared and paid during the period:
                                                                                                                                       2020             2019
                                                                                                                                     NZ$000           NZ$000
                                                                                                                                                                 17   EARNINGS PER SHARE

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               2020              2019
                Final 2019 dividend paid 7.3 cents per share (2018: 7.0 cps)                                                         49,661           47,619
                Final 2019 special dividend paid 5.0 cents per share (2018: 5.0 cps)                                                 34,014           34,014
                                                                                                                                                                      Earnings per share
                Interim 2020 dividend paid 6.0 cents per share (2019: 6.0 cps)                                                       40,811           40,807
                                                                                                                                                                      Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders (NZ$000)                                                             90,027           100,577
                Total dividends                                                                                                    124,486           122,440
                                                                                                                                                                      Weighted average number of ordinary shares (net of treasury stock) for basic earnings per share                671,685,796        671,641,605
                                                                                                                                                                      Basic earnings per share (cents)                                                                                         13.4              15.0
                Policies                    Capital Management
                                                                                                                                                                      Weighted average number of ordinary shares (net of treasury stock) for diluted earnings per share              680,771,040        680,797,763
                                            The Parent Company’s policy is to maintain a strong capital base, which the Group defines as total                        Diluted earnings per share (cents)                                                                                       13.2              14.8
                                            shareholders’ equity, so as to maintain investor, creditor and market confidence, and to sustain the future
                                            business development of the Group.

                                            The Group has established policies in capital management, including the specific requirements that interest               Policies                   The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) data for its ordinary shares. Basic EPS is
                                            cover is to be maintained at a minimum of three times and that the debt/(debt + equity) ratio is to be maintained                                    calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Parent Company by the
                                            at a 40% maximum. It is also Group policy that the ordinary dividend payout is maintained between a level of                                         weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the Parent Company during the period.
                                            between 70% and 100% of net profit after tax for the period.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Diluted EPS adjusts for any commitments the Parent Company has to issue shares in the future that
                                            The Group has complied with all capital management policies during the reporting periods.                                                            would decrease the basic EPS. The Parent Company has two types of dilutive potential ordinary shares,
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Management Long Term Incentive Plan share rights (refer note 23) and Container Volume Commitment
                Share Capital               All shares are fully paid and have no par value. All shares rank equally with one vote attached to each fully paid                                   Agreement share rights (refer note 16). Diluted EPS is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number
                                            ordinary share.                                                                                                                                      of ordinary shares outstanding to assume conversion of the share rights.
                                            During the year 2,940 shares at $3.55 per share were issued to employees from the Port of Tauranga Trustee
                                            Company Limited as part of the Employee Share Ownership Plan (2019: 128,820 shares at $3.02 per share).

                                            During the year no shares were repurchased on market and transferred to the Port of Tauranga Trustee                 18   LOANS AND BORROWINGS
                                            Company Limited as part of the Employee Share Ownership Plan (2019: 194,200 shares).                                      This note provides information about the contractual terms of the Group’s interest bearing loans and borrowings.
                                            Where the Group purchases its own share capital (treasury shares), the consideration paid, including and                                                                                                                   Committed           Undrawn            Carrying
                                            directly attributable to incremental costs are deducted from share capital until the shares are cancelled                                                                                                                   Facilities         Facilities           Value
                                            or reissued. Where such shares are reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable                 2020                                                  Maturity          Coupon                     NZ$000             NZ$000            NZ$000
                                            transaction costs, are included in share capital.

                                            During the year 110,623 shares were repurchased on market and are held as treasury stock (2019: 133,274                   Non current
                                            shares).
                                                                                                                                                                      Standby revolving cash advance facility               2023              Floating                  200,000           121,000             79,000
                Dividends                   The dividends are fully imputed. Supplementary dividends of $588,145 (2019: $630,929) were paid to
                                            shareholders that are not tax residents in New Zealand, for which the Group received a foreign tax credit                 Standby revolving cash advance facility               2022              Floating                  180,000           130,000             50,000
                                            entitlement.                                                                                                              Standby revolving cash advance facility               2021              Floating                  200,000           100,000           100,000
                Share Based                 On 1 August 2014 the Parent Company issued 2,000,000 shares as a volume rebate to Kotahi as part of a 10                  Advances from employees                               Various           0%                                0                  0             458
                Payment Reserve –           year freight alliance. Due to the Parent Company completing a 5:1 share split on 17 October 2016, the number
                Container Volume            of shares originally issued to Kotahi increased to 10,000,000. Of these shares, 8,500,000 are subject to a                Total non current                                                                                 580,000           351,000           229,458
                Commitment                  call option allowing the Parent Company to “call” shares back at zero cost if Kotahi fails to meet the volume
                Agreement                   commitments. During the period the Container Volume Commitment Agreement was extended by seven years
                                            and now expires on 31 July 2031.                                                                                          Current

                                            The increase in the reserve of $1.277 million (2019: $1.258 million) recognises the shares earned based on                Fixed rate bond                                       2021              4.792%                     75,000                    0          75,000
                                            containers delivered during the period.
                                                                                                                                                                      Multi option facility                                 2020              Floating                     5,000             5,000                  0
                                            The grant-date fair value of equity settled share based payments is recognised as a rebate against revenue, with          Commercial papers                                     <3 months         Floating                          0                  0        184,000
                                            a corresponding increase in equity, over the vesting period. The amount recognised as a rebate is adjusted to
                                            reflect the number of awards for which the related service is expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately         Total current                                                                                      80,000              5,000          259,000
                                            recognised is based on the number of awards that meet the related service conditions at the vesting date.
                                                                                                                                                                      Total                                                                                             660,000           356,000           488,458



/ 108                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    / 109
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



 PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




        18      LOANS AND BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                      19   DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                                                     Committed          Undrawn           Carrying                                                                                                                               2020               2019
                                                                                                                      Facilities        Facilities          Value                                                                                                                              NZ$000             NZ$000
                2019                                                       Maturity          Coupon                    NZ$000            NZ$000           NZ$000


                                                                                                                                                                           Current liabilities
                Non current
                                                                                                                                                                           Foreign exchange derivatives – cash flow hedges                                                                            0             (266)
                Standby revolving cash advance                             2023              Floating                 200,000           151,000            49,000
                                                                                                                                                                           Interest rate derivatives – cash flow hedges                                                                               0             (872)
                Standby revolving cash advance facility                    2022              Floating                 180,000           180,000                  0
                                                                                                                                                                           Total current liabilities                                                                                                  0           (1,138)
                Fixed rate bond – 2nd issue                                2021              4.792%                    75,000                   0          75,000
                Advances from employees                                    Various           0%                               0                 0             213
                                                                                                                                                                           Non current liabilities
                Total non current                                                                                    455,000           331,000           124,213
                                                                                                                                                                           Interest rate derivatives – cash flow hedges                                                                       (29,359)           (20,895)
                                                                                                                                                                           Total non current liabilities                                                                                      (29,359)           (20,895)
                Current
                                                                                                                                                                           Total liabilities                                                                                                  (29,359)           (22,033)
                Fixed rate bond – 1st issue                                2019              5.865%                    50,000                   0          50,000
                Standby revolving cash advance facility                    2019              Floating                  50,000                   0          50,000
                Multi option facility                                      2019              Floating                    5,000            3,000             2,000          Policies                    The Group uses derivative financial instruments to hedge its exposure to foreign exchange, commodity and
                                                                                                                                                                                                       interest rate risks arising from operational, financing and investment activities. In accordance with its Treasury
                Commercial papers                                          <3 months         Floating                         0                 0        220,000                                       Policy, the Group does not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. However,
                                                                                                                                                                                                       derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are accounted for as trading instruments.
                Total current                                                                                         105,000             3,000          322,000
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Derivative financial instruments qualifying for hedge accounting are classified as non current if the maturity
                Total                                                                                                560,000           334,000           446,213                                       of the instrument is greater than 12 months from reporting date and current if the instrument matures within
                                                                                                                                                                                                       12 months from reporting date. Derivatives accounted for as trading instruments are classified as current.
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Derivative financial instruments are recognised initially at fair value and transaction costs are expensed
                Policies                      Loans and borrowings are recognised at fair value, plus any directly attributable transaction costs, if the Group
                                                                                                                                                                                                       immediately. Subsequent to initial recognition, derivative financial instruments are stated at fair value. The
                                              becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. Loans and borrowings are derecognised if the
                                                                                                                                                                                                       gain or loss on remeasurement to fair value is recognised immediately in the income statement. However,
                                              Group’s obligations as specified in the contract expire or are discharged or cancelled.
                                                                                                                                                                                                       where derivatives qualify for hedge accounting, recognition of any resultant gain or loss depends on the
                                              Subsequent to initial recognition, loans and borrowings are measured at amortised cost using the effective                                               nature of the hedging relationship.
                                              interest method, less any impairment losses.                                                                                                             The Group’s hedging policy parameters are:
                Fixed Rate Bonds              The Parent Company has issued a $75 million fixed rate bond with final maturity on 29 January 2021.                                                      Interest Rate Derivatives

                Commercial Papers             Commercial papers are secured, short term discounted debt instruments issued by the Parent Company for                                                                                                                                Minimum Hedging       Maximum Hedging
                                              funding requirements as a component of its banking arrangements. The commercial paper programme is fully                                                      Debt Maturity                                                                        %                     %
                                              backed by committed term bank facilities.                                                                                                                     Within one year                                                                      45                  100
                                              At 30 June 2020 the Group had $184 million of commercial paper debt that is classified within current liabilities                                             One to three years                                                                   30                     85
                                              (2019: $220 million). Due to this classification, the Group’s current liabilities exceed the Group’s current                                                  Three to seven years                                                                 15                     65
                                              assets. Despite this fact, the Group does not have any liquidity or working capital concerns as a result of
                                              the commercial paper debt being interchangeable with direct borrowings within the standby revolving cash                                                      Seven to ten years                                                                    0                     50
                                              advance facility which is a term facility.
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Foreign Exchange Derivatives
                Standby Revolving             The Parent Company has a $580 million financing arrangement with ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited, Bank of
                Cash Advance Facility         New Zealand Limited, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, New Zealand Branch and MUFG Bank, Ltd, Auckland                                                                                                                                  Minimum Hedging       Maximum Hedging
                Agreement                     Branch (2019: $430 million). The facility, which is secured, provides for both direct borrowings and support for                                              Expenditure                                                                          %                     %
                                              issuance of commercial papers.                                                                                                                                Upon Board approval of capital expenditure denominated in a                           0                     50
                                                                                                                                                                                                            foreign currency
                Multi Option Facility         The Parent Company has a $5 million multi option facility with Bank of New Zealand Limited, used for short term
                                              working capital requirements (2019: $5 million).                                                                                                              Upon signing of contract with supplier for capital expenditure                       75                  100
                                                                                                                                                                                                            denominated in a foreign currency
                Security                      Bank facilities and fixed rate bonds are secured by way of a security interest over certain floating plant assets
                                              ($16.620 million, 2019: $17.285 million), mortgages over the land and building assets ($962.784 million, 2019:
                                                                                                                                                                           Cash Flow Hedges            Changes in the fair value of the derivative hedging instrument designated as a cash flow hedge are
                                              $913.791 million), and by a general security agreement over the assets of the Parent Company ($1,768.615 million,
                                                                                                                                                                                                       recognised directly in the cash flow hedge reserve to the extent that the hedge is effective. To the extent that
                                              2019: $1,631.564 million).
                                                                                                                                                                                                       the hedge is ineffective, changes in fair value are recognised in the income statement. The change in fair
                                              The Parent Company borrows under a negative pledge arrangement, which with limited circumstances does not                                                value of the cash flow hedge is accounted for as a cost of hedging and recognised in the hedging reserve
                Covenants
                                              permit the Parent Company to grant any security interest over its assets. The negative pledge deed requires the                                          within equity.
                                              Parent Company to maintain certain levels of shareholders’ funds and operate within defined performance and                                              The Group determines the existence of an economic relationship between the hedging instrument and
                                              debt gearing ratios.                                                                                                                                     hedged item based on the currency, amount and timing of their respective cash flows. The Group assesses
                                                                                                                                                                                                       whether the derivative designated in each hedging relationship is expected to be and has been effective in
                                              The Parent Company has complied with all covenants during the reporting periods.                                                                         offsetting changes in cash flows of the hedged item using the hypothetical derivative method.
                Fair Values                   The fair value of fixed rate loans and borrowings is calculated by discounting the future contractual cash flows                                         The notional amount of the hedging instrument must match the designated amount of the hedged item for the
                                              at current market interest rates that are available for similar financial instruments. The amortised cost of variable                                    hedge to be effective.
                                              rate loans and borrowings is assumed to closely approximate fair value as debt facilities mature every 90 days.
                                                                                                                                                                                                       The Group’s policy of ensuring a certain level of its interest rate risk exposure is at a fixed rate, is achieved
                Interest Rates                The average weighted interest rate of interest bearing loans was 2.73% at 30 June 2020 (2019: 3.85%).                                                    partly by entering into fixed-rate instruments and partly by borrowing at a floating rate and using interest rate
                                                                                                                                                                                                       swaps as hedges of the variability in cash flows attributable to movements in interest rates. The Group applies
                                                                                                                                                                                                       a hedge ratio of 1:1.




/ 110                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        / 111
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



 PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




        19      DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                           20   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Fair Value                              Total
                Cash Flow Hedges            Sources of hedge ineffectiveness are:                                                                                                                                                                      Through Profit        Amortised          Carrying             Fair
                (continued)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 and Loss             Cost           Amount              Value
                                            •   Material changes in credit risk that affect the hedging instrument but do not affect the hedged item.                       2019                                                                             NZ$000           NZ$000            NZ$000            NZ$000
                                            •   Drawn liabilities that fall below the hedging amount, causing the hedge ratio to exceed 100%.
                                            If the hedging instrument no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, expires, or is sold, terminated
                                            or exercised, then hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively. The cumulative gain or loss previously                       Assets
                                            recognised in the hedging reserve remains there until the highly probable forecast transaction, upon which
                                            the hedging was based, occurs. When the hedged item is a non financial asset, the amount recognised                             Receivables                                                                            0               12                12                12
                                            in the hedging reserve is transferred to the carrying amount of the asset when it is recognised. In other cases                 Total non current assets                                                               0               12                12                12
                                            the amount recognised in the hedging reserve is transferred to the income statement in the same period that
                                            the hedged item affects the income statement.

                Fair Values                 The fair value of derivatives traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the reporting date.                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                              0            3,903             3,903            3,903
                                            The fair value of derivatives that are not traded in active markets (for example over-the-counter derivatives),                 Receivables                                                                            0           57,605            57,605           57,605
                                            are determined by using market accepted valuation techniques incorporating observable market data about
                                            conditions existing at each reporting date.                                                                                     Total current assets                                                                   0          61,508            61,508            61,508

                                            The fair value of interest rate swaps is calculated as the present value of the estimated future cash flows. The fair           Total assets                                                                           0          61,520            61,520            61,520
                                            value of forward exchange contracts is determined using quoted forward exchange rates at the reporting date.

                                            Valuation inputs for valuing derivatives are:                                                                                   Liabilities

                                                   Valuation Input                           Source                                                                         Loans and borrowings                                                                   0         124,213           124,213           127,077
                                                                                                                                                                            Derivative financial instruments                                                 20,895                  0          20,895            20,895
                                                   Interest rate forward price curve         Published market swap rates
                                                                                                                                                                            Total non current liabilities                                                   20,895           124,213           145,108           147,972
                                                   Discount rate for valuing interest rate   Published market interest rates as applicable to the remaining life
                                                   derivatives                               of the instrument adjusted for the credit risk of the counterparty for
                                                                                             assets and the credit risk of the Group for liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                            Loans and borrowings                                                                   0         322,000           322,000           322,609
                                                   Foreign exchange forward prices           Published spot foreign rates and interest rate differentials                   Derivative financial instruments                                                  1,138                  0            1,138             1,138
                                                                                                                                                                            Trade and other payables                                                               0           12,144            12,144            12,144
                                            All financial instruments held by the Group and measured at fair value are classified as level 2 under the fair
                                            value measurement hierarchy (refer to note 2).                                                                                  Total current liabilities                                                         1,138          334,144           335,282           335,891
                                                                                                                                                                            Total liabilities                                                               22,033           458,357           480,390          483,863

        20      FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                The following tables show the classification, fair value and carrying amount of financial instruments held by the Group at reporting date:                  Financial Risk              The Group’s overall financial risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets
                                                                                                                                                                            Management                  and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the Group.
                                                                                                    Fair Value                              Total
                                                                                                Through Profit        Amortised          Carrying               Fair                                    The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group’s financial
                                                                                                     and Loss             Cost           Amount                Value                                    risk management framework. The Audit Committee is responsible for developing and monitoring the Group’s
                2020                                                                                  NZ$000           NZ$000            NZ$000              NZ$000                                     financial risk management policies, and reports regularly to the Board of Directors on its activities.

                                                                                                                                                                                                        The Group’s financial risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the
                Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                                               Group, to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Financial risk
                                                                                                            0            8,565             8,565              8,565
                                                                                                                                                                                                        management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the
                Receivables                                                                                 0           49,016            49,016             49,016                                     Group’s activities.

                Total current assets                                                                        0           57,581            57,581             57,581                                     The Board of Directors oversees how management monitors compliance with the Group’s financial risk
                                                                                                                                                                                                        management policies and procedures and reviews the adequacy of the financial risk management framework
                Total assets                                                                                0           57,581            57,581             57,581                                     in relation to the risks faced by the Group.


                Liabilities                                                                                                                                                 (a) Credit Risk
                Lease liabilities                                                                           0           24,810            24,810             24,810            The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for all financial assets. ECLs are based on the difference
                                                                                                                                                                               between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
                Loans and borrowings                                                                        0         229,458           229,458             229,458            discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate.
                Derivative financial instruments                                                      29,359                  0           29,359             29,359            For advances to Equity Accounted Investees, which have not had a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs
                                                                                                                                                                               are calculated based on the probability of a default event occurring within the next 12 months. An industry-accepted probability of
                Total non current liabilities                                                         29,359          254,268           283,627             283,627            default is obtained annually from the Standard & Poor’s Global Corporate Default Study for use in this calculation.
                                                                                                                                                                               For trade receivables, the Group applies a simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Therefore, the Group does not track changes
                                                                                                                                                                               in credit risk, but instead, recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established
                Lease liabilities                                                                           0              592               592                592            a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for any significant known amounts that are not
                Loans and borrowings                                                                        0         259,000           259,000             260,676            receivable.

                Trade and other payables                                                                                                                                       An additional $0.200 million has been included due to large forecast reductions in both New Zealand and global GDP over the next
                                                                                                            0             7,311            7,311              7,311
                                                                                                                                                                               year, as a result of Covid-19. There has been no indication of a change in customer payment behaviour, compared with pre-Covid-19
                Total current liabilities                                                                   0         266,903           266,903             268,579            behaviour.

                Total liabilities                                                                     29,359           521,171          550,530             552,206




/ 112                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       / 113
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



 PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




        20      FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                      20   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
                    On that basis, the following table details loss allowance for trade receivables:                                                                        (b) Liquidity Risk
                                                                                                                                                                               The following table sets out the contractual cash outflows for all financial liabilities (including estimated interest payments) and derivatives:
                                                                                        Not          Past Due         Past Due         More Than
                    2020                                                           Past Due         0-30 Days       30-60 Days           60 Days              Total                                                Statement
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  of Financial    Contractual        6 Months           6–12            1–2              2–5        More Than
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Position    Cash Flows           or Less        Months           Years            Years         5 Years
                                                                                                                                                                                2020                                  NZ$000         NZ$000           NZ$000          NZ$000         NZ$000           NZ$000          NZ$000
                    Expected loss rate (%)                                               0.1              0.4              4.5              18.3                 0
                    Gross carrying amount – trade receivables (NZ$000)               31,374            11,442            1,078              384            44,278
                                                                                                                                                                                Non derivative financial
                                                                                                                                                                                liabilities
                    Loss allowance on trade receivables (NZ$000)                         30               50                50                71               201              Loans and borrowings              (488,458)        (498,575)       (483,875)         (11,149)         (1,818)         (1,733)               0
                                                                                                                                                                                Lease liabilities                  (25,402)         (50,326)            (793)           (790)         (1,552)         (4,263)        (42,928)
                    Movements in the provision for impairment of financial assets are:
                                                                                                                                                                                Trade and other payables             (7,311)         (7,311)          (7,311)              0                0               0               0
                                                                                                                                           2020              2019
                                                                                                                                         NZ$000            NZ$000               Total non derivative              (521,171)        (556,212)       (491,979)         (11,939)         (3,370)         (5,996)        (42,928)
                                                                                                                                                                                financial liabilities

                    Opening balance                                                                                                         291                274
                                                                                                                                                                                Derivatives
                    Provision for trade receivables                                                                                          179                10
                                                                                                                                                                                Interest rate derivatives
                    Provision for advances to Equity Accounted Investees                                                                     212                10
                                                                                                                                                                                Cash flow hedges – outflow         (29,359)         (30,947)          (2,931)         (3,469)         (7,930)        (15,333)         (1,284)
                    Bad debts written off                                                                                                      0                 (3)
                                                                                                                                                                                Total derivatives                  (29,359)         (30,947)          (2,931)         (3,469)         (7,930)        (15,333)         (1,284)
                    Closing balance                                                                                                         682                291
                                                                                                                                                                                Total                             (550,530)        (587,159)       (494,910)        (15,408)         (11,300)        (21,329)        (44,212)


                    Credit Risk                 Counterparty credit risk is the risk of losses (realised or unrealised) arising from a counterparty failing to meet                                                Statement
                                                its contractual obligations. Financial instruments which potentially subject the Group to credit risk, principally                                                of Financial    Contractual        6 Months           6–12             1–2             2–5        More Than
                    Management Policies                                                                                                                                                                               Position    Cash Flows           or Less        Months            Years           Years         5 Years
                                                consist of bank balances, trade receivables, advances to Equity Accounted Investees and derivative financial                    2019                                  NZ$000         NZ$000           NZ$000          NZ$000          NZ$000          NZ$000          NZ$000
                                                instruments.

                                                The Group only transacts in treasury activity (including investment, borrowing and derivative transactions) with
                                                Board approved counterparties. Unless otherwise approved by the Board, counterparties are required to be                        Non derivative financial
                                                New Zealand registered banks with a Standard & Poor’s credit rating of A or above. The Group continuously                       liabilities
                                                monitors the credit quality of the financial institutions that are counterparties and does not anticipate any non               Loans and borrowings              (446,213)        (461,630)       (376,051)          (2,678)        (80,087)         (2,814)               0
                                                performance.
                                                                                                                                                                                Trade and other payables            (12,144)        (12,144)        (12,144)               0                0               0               0
                                                The Group adheres to a credit policy that requires each new customer to be analysed individually for credit
                                                worthiness before the Group’s standard payment terms and conditions are offered. Customer payment                               Total non derivative              (458,357)        (473,774)       (388,195)          (2,678)        (80,087)         (2,814)               0
                                                performance is constantly monitored with customers not meeting creditworthiness being required to transact                      financial liabilities
                                                with the Group on cash terms. The Group generally does not require collateral.

                    Default                     The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit                          Derivatives
                                                obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as security (if any is held).
                                                                                                                                                                                Interest rate derivatives
                    Write-off                   The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off when the Group has no reasonable expectations
                                                                                                                                                                                   Cash flow hedges –              (21,767)         (23,656)          (1,643)         (2,159)         (9,804)         (7,053)         (2,997)
                                                of recovering a financial asset in its entirety or a portion thereof.
                                                                                                                                                                                   outflow
                    Concentration of            The only significant concentration of credit risk at reporting date relates to bank balances and advances to                    Foreign currency
                    Credit Risk                 Equity Accounted Investees. The nature of the Group’s business means that the top ten customers account                         derivatives
                                                for 64.1% of total Group revenue (2019: 62.7%). The Group is satisfied with the credit quality of these                            Cash flow hedges –                  (294)            (295)           (295)              0                0               0               0
                                                debtors and does not anticipate any non performance.                                                                               outflow
                                                                                                                                                                                   Cash flow hedges –                     28              28              28               0                0               0               0
                                                                                                                                                                                   inflow
                                                                                                                                                                                Total derivatives                   (22,033)        (23,923)          (1,910)         (2,159)         (9,804)         (7,053)          (2,997)
                                                                                                                                                                                Total                             (480,390)        (497,697)       (390,105)          (4,837)        (89,891)         (9,867)          (2,997)



                                                                                                                                                                                Liquidity and Funding        Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as and when they
                                                                                                                                                                                Risk Management              fall due. The Group’s approach to managing liquidity risk is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will
                                                                                                                                                                                Policies                     always have sufficient cash and borrowing facilities available to meet its liabilities when due, under both
                                                                                                                                                                                                             normal and adverse conditions. The Group’s cash flow requirements and the utilisation of borrowing
                                                                                                                                                                                                             facilities are continuously monitored, and it is required that committed bank facilities are maintained
                                                                                                                                                                                                             at a minimum of 10% above maximum forecast usage.

                                                                                                                                                                                                             Funding risk is the risk that arises when either the size of borrowing facilities or the pricing thereof is not
                                                                                                                                                                                                             able to be replaced on similar terms, at the time of review with the Group’s banks. To minimise funding
                                                                                                                                                                                                             risk it is Board policy to spread the facilities’ renewal dates and the maturity of individual loans. Where
                                                                                                                                                                                                             this is not possible, extensions to, or the replacement of, borrowing facilities are required to be arranged
                                                                                                                                                                                                             at least six months prior to each facility’s expiry.




/ 114                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            / 115
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



 PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




        20      FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                          21   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                (c) Market Risk                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    2020                2019
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 NZ$000              NZ$000
                     Interest Rate Risk
                     At reporting date, the interest rate profile of the Group’s interest bearing financial assets/(liabilities) were:
                                                                                                                                           Carrying Amount                      Accounts payable                                                                                                  7,259              12,016

                                                                                                                                             2020               2019            Accrued employee benefit liabilities                                                                              5,120               4,597
                                                                                                                                           NZ$000             NZ$000
                                                                                                                                                                                Accruals                                                                                                         19,635              16,947
                                                                                                                                                                                Payables due to Equity Accounted Investees and related parties                                                       52                128
                     Fixed rate instruments
                                                                                                                                                                                Total trade and other payables                                                                                  32,066               33,688
                     Lease liabilities                                                                                                    (25,402)                     0
                     Fixed rate bonds                                                                                                     (75,000)          (125,000)
                                                                                                                                                                                Policies                   Trade and other payables are initially measured at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost.
                     Total                                                                                                               (100,402)          (125,000)
                                                                                                                                                                                Fair Values                The nominal value of trade and other payables are assumed to approximate their fair values due to their short
                                                                                                                                                                                                           term nature.
                     Variable rate instruments
                     Commercial papers                                                                                                   (184,000)         (220,000)
                     Standby revolving cash advance facility                                                                             (229,000)           (99,000)      22   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
                     Interest rate derivatives                                                                                            (29,359)           (21,767)           Related party transactions with related parties:
                     Multi option facility                                                                                                       0            (2,000)                                                                                                                              2020                2019
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 NZ$000              NZ$000
                     Cash balances                                                                                                          8,565              3,903
                     Total                                                                                                               (433,794)         (338,864)
                                                                                                                                                                                Transactions with Equity Accounted Investees
                                                                                                                                                                                Services provided to Port of Tauranga Limited                                                                       511                556
                     Sensitivity Analysis
                                                                                                                                                                                Services provided by Port of Tauranga Limited                                                                     4,987               3,824
                     If, at reporting date, bank interest rates had been 100 basis points higher/lower, with all other variables held constant, the result would
                     increase/(decrease) post tax profit or loss and the hedging reserve by the amounts shown below. The analysis was performed on the                          Accounts receivable by Port of Tauranga Limited                                                                      27                239
                     same basis for 2019.
                                                                                                                                                                                Accounts payable by Port of Tauranga Limited                                                                        342                125
                                                                                                            Profit or Loss               Cash Flow Hedge Reserve
                                                                                                                                                                                Advances by Port of Tauranga Limited                                                                              5,319               5,319
                                                                                                          100 bp               100 bp        100 bp           100 bp
                                                                                                        Increase             Decrease      Increase         Decrease            Services provided to Quality Marshalling (Mount Maunganui) Limited                                                   18                    3
                                                                                                         NZ$000               NZ$000        NZ$000           NZ$000
                                                                                                                                                                                Services provided by Quality Marshalling (Mount Maunganui) Limited                                                4,028               3,913
                                                                                                                                                                                Accounts receivable by Quality Marshalling (Mount Maunganui) Limited                                                365                345
                     Variable rate instruments                                                           (2,918)               2,959             0                     0
                                                                                                                                                                                Accounts payable by Quality Marshalling (Mount Maunganui) Limited                                                     1                    3
                     Interest rate derivatives                                                            1,477               (1,477)        7,886            (8,360)
                     Total as at 30 June 2020                                                            (1,441)               1,482         7,886            (8,360)
                                                                                                                                                                                Transactions with key management personnel
                                                                                                                                                                                Directors’ fees recognised during the period                                                                        764                735
                     Variable rate instruments                                                           (2,239)               2,269             0                     0
                                                                                                                                                                                Executive officers’ salaries and short term employee benefits recognised during the period                        2,965               3,593
                     Interest rate derivatives                                                            1,135                (1,135)       7,337             (7,774)
                                                                                                                                                                                Executive officers’ share based payments (equity settled) recognised during the period                            1,414                920
                     Total as at 30 June 2019                                                            (1,104)               1,134         7,337            (7,774)

                                                                                                                                                                                Related Parties            Related parties of the Group include the Joint Ventures disclosed in note 14 and the Controlling Entity
                     Market Risk                  Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates and interest rates,                                                (Quayside Securities Limited) or Ultimate Controlling Party (Bay of Plenty Regional Council).
                     Management Policies          will affect the Group’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market
                                                  risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while                                                       Quayside Securities Limited owns 54.14% (2019: 54.14%) of the ordinary shares in Port of Tauranga Limited.
                                                  optimising the return on risk.                                                                                                                           Quayside Securities Limited is beneficially owned by Bay of Plenty Regional Council.

                                                  The Group uses derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps and foreign currency options                                                 Transactions with the Ultimate Controlling Party during the period include services provided to Port of
                                                  to hedge certain risk exposures. All derivative transactions are carried out within the guidelines set out in the                                        Tauranga Limited, $0.021 million (2019: $0.076 million).
                                                  Group’s Treasury Policy which has been approved by the Board of Directors. Generally the Group seeks
                                                  to apply hedge accounting in order to manage volatility in the income statement.                                                                         In March 2013, the Ultimate Controlling Party granted Port of Tauranga Limited a resource consent to widen
                                                                                                                                                                                                           and deepen the shipping channels. As a condition of this consent, an environmental bond to the value of
                     Interest Rate Risk           Interest rate risk is the risk of financial loss, or impairment to cash flows in current or future periods, due to                                       $1.000 million is to be held in escrow in favour of the Ultimate Controlling Party. The bond is to ensure the
                                                  adverse movements in interest rates on borrowings or investments. The Group uses interest rate derivatives                                               remedy of any unforeseen adverse effects on the environment arising from the dredging. The resource
                                                  to manage its exposure to variable interest rate risk by converting variable rate debt to fixed rate debt.                                               consent expires on 6 June 2027.
                                                  The Group enters into derivative transactions into International Swaps Derivatives Association (ISDA) master                                             No related party debts have been written off, forgiven or provided for as doubtful during the year.
                                                  agreements. The ISDA agreements do not meet the criteria for offsetting in the balance sheet for accounting
                                                  purposes.                                                                                                                     Transactions With          During the year, the Group entered into transactions with companies in which Group Directors hold
                                                                                                                                                                                Key Management             directorships. These directorships have not resulted in the Group having a significant influence over the
                                                  The total nominal value of interest rate derivatives outstanding is $280 million (2019: $310 million).                        Personnel                  operations, policies, or key decisions of these companies.
                                                  The average interest rate on interest rate derivatives is 3.3% (2019: 3.9%).
                                                                                                                                                                                                           The Group does not provide any non cash benefits to Directors in addition to their Directors’ fees.
                     Foreign Exchange             Full disclosures on foreign exchange risk have not been presented as this risk is insignificant to the Group.
                                                                                                                                                                                                           All members of the Parent Company’s Executive Management Team participate in Management Long Term
                     Risk
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Incentive Plans and may receive cash or non cash benefits as a result of these plans (refer to note 23).


/ 116                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          / 117
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



 PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




        23      MANAGEMENT LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN                                                                                                                  24   CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

                Policy                  The Group provides benefits to the Parent Company’s Executive Management Team in the form of share based                          Disclosures             No material contingent liabilities or assets have been identified.
                                        payment transactions, whereby executives render services in exchange for rights over shares (equity settled
                                        transactions) or cash settlements based on the price of the Parent Company’s shares (cash settled transactions).
                                        The cost of the transactions is spread over the period in which the employees provide services and become
                                        entitled to the awards.                                                                                                      25   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
                                        Equity Settled Transactions
                                                                                                                                                                          Approval of Financial   The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 27 August 2020.
                                        The cost of the equity settled transactions with employees is measured by reference to the fair value of the equity               Statements
                                        instruments at the date at which they are granted. The cost of equity settled transactions is recognised in the
                                        income statement, together with a corresponding increase in the share based payment reserve in equity.                            Final and Special       A final dividend of 6.4 cents per share to a total of $43,531,749 has been approved subsequent to reporting
                                                                                                                                                                          Dividend                date. The final dividend was not approved until after year end, therefore it has not been accrued in the current
                Management Long         In December 2016, the Directors introduced an equity settled long term incentive (LTI) plan that will vest from                                           year financial statements.
                Term Incentive Plan –   financial year 2019 onwards. Under this LTI plan, share rights are issued to participating executives and have
                Equity Settled          a three year vesting period. The first granting of share rights under this LTI plan occurred in the 2018 financial                Covid-19                On Wednesday 12 August 2020 at 12.00pm, the Auckland region moved to Alert Level 3 and the rest of
                                        year and this LTI plan replaces the former cash settled plan.                                                                                             New Zealand moved to Alert Level 2.
                                        The vesting of share rights, which entitles the executive to the receipt of one Port of Tauranga Limited ordinary                                         This Alert Level escalation has had no material impact on the performance of the Group.
                                        share at nil cost, is subject to the executive remaining employed by Port of Tauranga Limited during the
                                        vesting period and the achievement of certain earnings per share (EPS) and total shareholder return (TSR)
                                        targets.

                                        For EPS share rights granted, the proportion of share rights that vest depends on the Group achieving EPS
                                        growth targets.

                                        For TSR share rights granted, the proportion of share rights that vests depends on the Groups TSR
                                        performance ranking relative to the NZX50 index less Australian listed stocks.

                                        To the extent that performance hurdles are not met or executives leave Port of Tauranga Limited prior to
                                        vesting, the share rights are forfeited.

                                        The share based payment expense relating to the LTI plan for the year ended 30 June 2020 is -$0.110 million
                                        (2019: $0.780 million) with a corresponding increase in the share based payments reserve (refer to note 16).

                                        Number of Share Rights Issued to Executives:

                                                                                            Balance at       Granted          Vested      Forfeited     Balance at
                                                               Scheme             Right       30 June          During         During        During        30 June
                                             Grant Date        End Date           Type           2019        the Year       the Year      the Year           2020
                                             1 March 2018      30 June 2019       EPS        127,470               0      127,470                   0           0
                                             1 March 2018      30 June 2019       TSR        106,225               0      100,276            5,949              0
                                             1 March 2018      30 June 2020       EPS        121,934               0              0                 0    121,934
                                             1 March 2018      30 June 2020       TSR        101,612               0              0                 0    101,612
                                             1 July 2018       30 June 2021       EPS        108,500               0              0                 0    108,500
                                             1 July 2018       30 June 2021       TSR          90,417              0              0                 0     90,417
                                             1 July 2019       30 June 2022       EPS               0         90,058              0                 0     90,058
                                             1 July 2019       30 June 2022       TSR               0         75,050              0                 0     75,050
                                             Total LTI Plan                                  656,158         165,108      227,746            5,949       587,571

                Fair Value of Share     Share rights are valued as zero cost in-substance options at the day at which they are granted, using the
                Rights Granted          Black-Scholes-Merton model. The following table lists the key inputs into the valuation:

                                                                                                                                     Expected            Valuation
                                                                                               Grant Date           Risk Free       Volatility of       per Share
                                                               Scheme             Right        Share Price      Interest Rate      Share Price               Right
                                             Grant Date        End Date           Type                   $                 %                   %                 $
                                             1 March 2018      30 June 2020       EPS                5.09               1.96             15.10               4.81
                                             1 March 2018      30 June 2020       TSR                5.09               1.96             15.10               2.26
                                             1 July 2018       30 June 2021       EPS                5.10               1.72              16.3               4.64
                                             1 July 2018       30 June 2021       TSR                5.10               1.72              16.3               2.00
                                             1 July 2019       30 June 2022       EPS                6.28               0.80              17.6               6.02
                                             1 July 2019       30 June 2022       TSR                6.28               0.80              17.6               2.72

                PAYE Liability          Upon vesting of share rights, the Parent funds the PAYE liability and issues the net amount of shares to
                                        executives.




/ 118                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            / 119
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




        COMMITTED TO
                                                                                                                                                                              REMUNERATION                                                                   Fixed Remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                              Remuneration policies and processes for Directors, the Chief Executive         Fixed remuneration is determined in relation to the market for comparable sized
                                                                                                                                                                              and Senior Executives are the responsibility of the Remuneration               and performing companies. It includes all benefits, allowances and deductions.


        EFFECTIVE GOVERNANCE
                                                                                                                                                                              Committee. An external review of Directors’ fees and executive
                                                                                                                                                                              remuneration will be undertaken in 2021.                                       Port of Tauranga’s policy is to pay fixed remuneration at the median of its
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             peer group. Adjustments are not automatic and are determined based on
                                                                                                                                                                              A table listing remuneration for employees paid above $100,000,                performance which is reviewed annually by the Remuneration Committee.
                                                                                                                                                                              a report on the Chief Executive’s remuneration and a report on Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                              remuneration is on pages 122 to 124 of this Integrated Annual Report           Short Term Incentives
                                                                                                                                                                              and also in the comprehensive Corporate Governance Report held on              Short Term Incentives (STIs) are at-risk payments linked to the
        This statement is a summary of the Corporate Governance Statement              Directors’ period of appointment are:                                                  our website: http://www.port-tauranga.co.nz/about-port-of-tauranga/
        approved by the Board of Directors (the Board) of Port of Tauranga Limited                                                                                                                                                                           achievement of annual financial and strategic targets. They are designed
                                                                                                                                                                              corporate-governance/                                                          to motivate and reward for performance in that financial year.
        (the Company) on 27 August 2020. The full statement is available at: http://                              0-3 Years     4-6 Years          7-9 Years      9 Years+
        www.port-tauranga.co.nz/about-port-of-tauranga/corporate-governance/                                                                                                                                                                                 The target value of the STI is set as a percent of the fixed remuneration.
        The Board and Senior Management Team of the Company recognise                  Number of Directors                2               3                 1             1   RISK MANAGEMENT AND AUDIT                                                      For the 2020 financial year the Chief Executive’s STI was set at 60% and
        the importance of good corporate governance and consider it is core to                                                                                                                                                                               for all nominated executives it was set between 40-50%.
                                                                                       Director attendance at meetings together with remuneration, are set                    Management of risk is a high priority to ensure the protection of the
        ensuring the creation, protection and enhancement of shareholder value.                                                                                                                                                                              For the 2020 financial year there were four nominated executives
                                                                                       out in the comprehensive Corporate Governance Report held on the                       Group’s employees, the environment, Company assets and reputation.
        The Board is committed to ensuring that the Company meets best practice                                                                                                                                                                              included in the STI Scheme, the same number as the previous year.
                                                                                       Company’s website: http://www.port-tauranga.co.nz/about-port-of-                       The Company has a comprehensive risk management system in place,
        governance principles and maintains the highest ethical standards.
                                                                                       tauranga/corporate-governance/ .                                                       overseen by the Board, which is used to identify and manage all risks.
                                                                                                                                                                              A summary of selected key risks is presented in the comprehensive              For the Chief Executive, 60% (2019: 70%) of the STI is linked to the Company’s
        The Board has an important role in directing the Company’s activities.                                                                                                                                                                               financial performance with the actual opportunity in the range of 0-110%.
                                                                                       The Board has three Committees to provide oversight on certain                         Corporate Governance Report on our website: http://www.port-tauranga.
        With the objective of increasing shareholder value, it is responsible                                                                                                                                                                                The remaining 40% (2019: 30%) comprised agreed safety, environmental
                                                                                       matters. The Committees are Audit, Nomination and Remuneration.                        co.nz/about-port-of-tauranga/corporate-governance/
        for setting the Company’s strategic direction, providing oversight of                                                                                                                                                                                and strategic objectives. Strategic objectives are set each year by the
                                                                                       All Committees operate under a charter approved by the Board.
        its management and directing business strategy.                                                                                                                                                                                                      Remuneration Committee (and approved by the Board) and closely align
                                                                                                                                                                              The Auditor-General is the Auditor of the Company and is therefore
                                                                                       The performance of the Board, Committees, Directors and the Chair                      independent. The Auditor-General has appointed Brent Manning from              to the Port of Tauranga’s strategic aspirations. The financial objective is
        As at 27 August 2020, the Board considers that the Company’s
                                                                                       is reviewed regularly.                                                                 KPMG to carry out the audit on his behalf.                                     to meet or exceed the normalised net profit after tax target. A threshold
        corporate governance practices materially reflect the NZX Corporate
        Governance Best Practice Code, the Financial Markets Authority’s                                                                                                                                                                                     of 90% of target is required before any of the financial component is paid.
                                                                                       The Chief Executive (CE), Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and other                      The Board has received written confirmation from KPMG regarding its
        Corporate Governance in New Zealand Principles and Guidelines and              Management regularly attend Board and Committee Meetings.                                                                                                             The Board retains complete discretion over paying an STI and may
                                                                                                                                                                              independence. Other assurance services considered and approved by
        the NZX Main Board Listing Rules (NZX Rules). The Board regularly                                                                                                                                                                                    determine, despite the actual performance against objectives, that a
                                                                                                                                                                              the Audit Committee were provided by KPMG and are included in Note 6
        reviews and assesses the Company’s governance structures and                   The positions of Chair of the Board and Chair of the Audit Committee
                                                                                                                                                                              of the financial statements in the 2020 Integrated Annual Report.              reduced bonus or no bonus will be paid in a given year.
        processes to ensure that they are consistent with best practice.               are held by independent Directors. These two roles, and the role of CE,
                                                                                       are all held by different people. The Chair has been assessed as being                 The Audit Committee oversees an active internal audit programme.               Long Term Incentives
        The Board’s policies and charters are available on the Corporate               independent by the Board.
        Structure page of the About Port of Tauranga section of the Company’s                                                                                                                                                                                The Long Term Incentive (LTI) is an at-risk payment designed to align the
        website: http://www.port-tauranga.co.nz/about-port-of-tauranga/                                                                                                                                                                                      reward of executives with the growth in shareholder value over a three
        corporate-governance/                                                                                                                                                 SHAREHOLDER RELATIONS                                                          year period.
                                                                                       DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
                                                                                                                                                                              The Board is committed to engaging with shareholders and market
                                                                                       The Board is committed to providing a workplace that recognises                        participants in order that timely and accurate information is provided and     The LTI is a Performance Share Rights Plan (PSR), where payments are made
        ETHICS                                                                         and values different skills, abilities, genders, ethnicity and experiences.            two-way communication is facilitated. The Company’s website has the            in shares rather than cash. The maximum number of shares an executive
                                                                                       The Board is committed to creating an inclusive workplace where                        Integrated Annual Reports, Market Updates and Interim Reports, as well as      may receive as an allocation is determined by dividing the value of the grant
        The Code of Ethics provides guidance regarding the ethical and                 all employees feel included and valued, and to providing equal                                                                                                        less tax by the face value of a Port of Tauranga share at the grant date.
                                                                                                                                                                              various announcements to the NZX and the public.
        behavioural standards expected of Directors, Senior Management                 employment opportunities with all appointments being merit based.
        and employees in relation to conduct, conflicts, proper use of assets                                                                                                 The Annual Shareholder Meeting is held locally, reflecting the head office     The 2018 LTI (allocated on 1 July 2017), which vested at the end of
        and information and the procedure for reporting concerns. The                  Last year the Company revised its Diversity and Inclusion Policy                       location for the Company, and to encourage participation in person by          the 2020 financial year, was set at 50% of fixed remuneration for the
        Whistleblowing Policy sets out the procedure for reporting concerns            and set itself the objective of achieving a minimum of 40% females and                 many of the Company’s shareholders. The 2020 Annual Meeting will also          Chief Executive and 30% of fixed remuneration for the nominated
        regarding a breach of the Code of Ethics or any other serious                  40% males holding director, executive and manager level positions                      be webcast.                                                                    executives. The value of each allocation is set at the date of the grant.
        wrongdoing within the Company.                                                 by 2025. In 2020 the Company had 17% females and 83% males                                                                                                            The plan’s performance hurdles are based on two metrics, the first 50%
                                                                                       holding these positions.                                                               Directors advise shareholders on any major decisions. The Notice of            is Port of Tauranga’s three year Total Shareholder Return (TSR) relative
        New Directors are provided with a copy of the Code of Ethics and                                                                                                      Meeting will be available at least 20 business days prior to a meeting.        to the performance of the NZX50 less Australian companies listed in
        they confirm that they have read and understand the document.                                                                                                         Where voting on a matter is required, voting is conducted by way of poll.      New Zealand. The second 50% is measured by achieving target
                                                                                                             As at 30 June 2020                    As at 30 June 2019
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             compound earnings per share (EPS) growth.
                                                                                                           Female             Male            Female              Male
        SHARE TRADING                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        The LTI targets are:
                                                                                                                                                                              REMUNERATION REPORT
                                                                                                          No.       %    No.         %    No.           %       No.      %
        The Board has an Insider Trading Policy which sets out the procedures                                                                                                 Port of Tauranga is committed to providing a remuneration framework            TSR Percentile Ranking                                                 Earned
        that must be followed by Directors, Senior Management and any                                                                                                                                                                                        %                                                                           %
                                                                                       Non                  0       0      2     100           0        0         2   100     that promotes a high performance culture and aligns rewards to the
        other employees with inside information when purchasing or selling             independent                                                                            creation of sustainable value for shareholders.                                Below 40                                                                   Nil
        Company securities. Directors and Senior Management require                    Directors
        approval to trade shares at any time and may not trade during certain                                                                                                 Port of Tauranga’s remuneration philosophy is aimed at attracting,             Above 40 to 50                                                         40–50
        specified periods. Directors’ interests are disclosed on pages 124 to          Independent          2     40       3         60        2       40         3      60   retaining and motivating employees of the highest quality at all levels
        125 of this Integrated Annual Report.                                                                                                                                 of the organisation. It is based on practical, guiding principles and a        Above 50 to below 75                                                   50–99
                                                                                       Directors
                                                                                                                                                                              framework that provides consistency, fairness and transparency.                At 75 or above                                                            100
                                                                                       Executives           0       0      5     100           1       20         4      80   The philosophy promotes behaviours and values that drive performance,
        OUR BOARD STRUCTURE
                                                                                                                                                                              a pervasive “can do” attitude and sustainable growth in shareholder value.
                                                                                       Management           2     18       9         82        2       20         8      80   All remuneration packages are reviewed annually in the context of individual
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             EPS* Three Year CAGR**                                                 Earned
        The Board has the ultimate responsibility for all decision making                                                                                                                                                                                    %                                                                           %
        within the Company. The roles and responsibilities are set out in the                                                                                                 and Company performance, market movements and expert advice.
                                                                                       Permanent          39      18    183          82       35       16       180      84                                                                                  0                                                                           0
        Board Charter.
                                                                                       employees                                                                              The Board through the Remuneration Committee establishes the policies
        The Board comprises seven Directors, five of whom are independent.                                                                                                    and practices for the remuneration of executives. Port of Tauranga’s           3.5                                                                        50
        Profiles are provided on pages 74 to 75 of this Integrated Annual              Total              43      18    202          82       40       17       197      83   remuneration for the Chief Executive and nominated executives
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             7.0                                                                       100
        Report and on the website. Director independence is assessed                                                                                                          provides the opportunity to receive, where performance merits, a total
        annually by the Board. A normal term of service for a Director                                                                                                        remuneration package in the upper quartile for equivalent market-              8.0                                                                       110
        is nine years but can extend beyond this term with continued Board             FINANCIAL AND NON FINANCIAL INFORMATION                                                matched positions.
        and shareholder support. All new Directors are provided with a letter                                                                                                                                                                                9.0                                                                       120
        of engagement.                                                                 The Board is committed to ensuring timely and accurate information                     Total remuneration is made up of three components: Fixed Remuneration,
                                                                                       is provided to shareholders and market participants. The Integrated                    a Short Term Incentive (STI) and a Long Term Incentive (LTI). Both short       *Earnings per Share
        The Board has determined that to operate effectively and to meet its           Annual Report for 2020 is based on the Integrated Reporting                            and long-term performance incentives are “at-risk” with the outcome            **Compound Annual Growth Rate
        responsibilities it requires a mix of skills, perspectives, knowledge and      Framework so that stakeholders can better understand the non                           determined by performance against a combination of agreed financial
        competencies. The current mix of skills and experience is considered           financial aspects of the Company. It is the Company’s second                           and non financial objectives.                                                  As with the STI, the Board retains absolute discretion over the payment
        appropriate for governing the Company.                                         Integrated Report.                                                                                                                                                    of the LTI to participants.

/ 120                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         / 121
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT (CONTINUED)
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




        Employee Share Ownership                                                     Chief Executive Remuneration                                                The Five Year Summary – Chief Executive Remuneration                                 Chief Executive Remuneration for 2021
        Permanent employees can choose to join Port of Tauranga’s Employee           For the 2020 financial year the Chief Executive’s fixed remuneration                            Total          STI Against      LTI Against        Span of LTI   The Chief Executive’s potential remuneration package for the year ending
        Share Ownership Plan (ESOP). The ESOP gives employees the                    was lifted by 2% to $884,340.                                                            Remuneration           Maximum          Maximum          Performance    June 2021 is shown in the following chart.
        opportunity to buy shares in the Company via weekly pay deductions.                                                                                      FY                      $                   %                %              Period
        The shares are offered every three years and paid off over the intervening   There will be no increase in the Chief Executive’s fixed remuneration for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      $2,500,000
        three year period. In 2018 an offer of $5,000 worth of shares was made to    the 2021 financial year.                                                    2020           2,022,501                    78               97      FY2017-2019
        employees at a 30% discount to the market price. On the day of allocation,                                                                               2019           1,773,259                    82               97      FY2016-2018
        the price was $5.08 per share and participating individuals received         FY2020
        980 shares. Over 95% of our employees are shareholders. .                                                                                                2018           1,680,106                    86               75      FY2015-2017     $2,000,000
                                                                                                               Performance Pay**
                                                                                             Fixed                                                      Total
        Employee Remuneration                                                         Remuneration*           STI         LTI      Subtotal   Remuneration***
                                                                                                                                                                 2017           1,242,214                    76               35      FY2014-2016
                                                                                                  $             $           $             $                 $
        The number of employees and former employees of Port of Tauranga                                                                                         2016           1,205,231                    62               28      FY2013-2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      $1,500,000
        who, during the year, received cash remuneration and benefits                       884,340       434,107   650,734 1,084,841             2,022,501
        (including at risk performance incentives) exceeding $100,000 are:
                                                                                                                                                                 $2,500,000
                                                                                     *Fixed remuneration includes the value of any benefits (health care,
                                                       Parent Company                superannuation or vehicle) taken. The Chief Executive participates in                                                                                            $1,000,000
                                                                                     the Company’s Health Insurance Scheme.
                                                   Number of          Number of
        Remuneration Range                         Employees          Employees      **Performance pay was earned over previous periods but paid in the          $2,000,000
        $000                                            2020               2019      current financial year.                                                                                                                                            $500,000
        100-109                                            25                21      ***Total remuneration includes payments that arise from calculating
                                                                                     actual holiday pay per the NZ Legislation.
                                                                                                                                                                 $1,500,000
        110-119                                            26                21
                                                                                     FY2019                                                                                                                                                                   $0
        120-129                                            23                18                                                                                                                                                                                           Fixed              On Target                 Maximum
        130-139                                            13                14                                Performance Pay**                                 $1,000,000
                                                                                             Fixed                                                      Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Fixed           STI               LTI Grant (2023 Vesting)
        140-149                                            10                13       Remuneration*           STI         LTI      Subtotal   Remuneration***
                                                                                                  $             $           $             $                 $
        150-159                                            11                  8
                                                                                            867,000       449,055   384,684     833,739           1,773,259       $500,000
        160-169                                            13                  6                                                                                                                                                                      Fixed remuneration reflects base salary and benefits. For performance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      that meets expectations, the STI would pay out at 60% of fixed
        170-179                                             2                  8     *Fixed remuneration includes the value of any benefits (health care,                                                                                             remuneration and the LTI at 50% of fixed remuneration. For performance
                                                                                     superannuation or vehicle) taken. The Chief Executive participates in                                                                                            that exceeds expectations, the STI would pay out a maximum 107%
                                                                                                                                                                         $0
        180-189                                             2                  3     the Company’s Health Insurance Scheme.                                                                                                                           of fixed remuneration and the LTI at 110% of fixed remuneration.
                                                                                                                                                                               FY2016         FY2018          FY2018         FY2019      FY2020
        190-199                                             0                  2     **Performance pay was earned over previous periods but paid in the
                                                                                     current financial year.
        200-209                                             1                  1     ***Total remuneration includes payments that arise from calculating
                                                                                                                                                                                   Fixed              STI              LTI
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      APPROVED DIRECTOR REMUNERATION
        210-219                                             1                  3     actual holiday pay per the NZ Legislation.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      The aggregate pool of fees able to be paid to Directors is subject to
        220-229                                             2                  0     Total remuneration paid includes fixed remuneration and the short and       Total Shareholder Return Performance                                                 shareholder approval and currently sits at $780,000.
                                                                                     long-term performance payments paid/vested in the year. Performance
        230-239                                             1                  0                                                                                                                                                                      There will be no increase in Directors fees for the 2021 financial year.
                                                                                     payments are actually those earned in prior periods.                        30.0%
        240-249                                             7                  8                                                                                                                                                                      The Board approved annual fees are:
                                                                                     An explanation of the Chief Executive’s performance pay paid/vested in
        250-259                                             3                  4     2020 is shown in the following table:
                                                                                                                                                                 25.0%                                                                                                                                                Directors’ Fees
        260-269                                             2                  3                                                                    Achieved                                                                                                                                                                        $
                                                                                            Description             Performance Measures                  %
        270-279                                             1                  0                                                                                                                                                                      Chair                                                                  168,480
                                                                                                                                                                 20.0%
                                                                                     STI    Set at 60% of fixed     70% based on achieving             100.0
        630-639                                             0                  1*                                                                                                                                                                     Directors                                                                88,400
                                                                                            remuneration. Based     normalised NPAT target.
        660-669                                             1*                 1*           on a combination        The range for the financial                                                                                                       Audit Committee Chair                                                    15,600
                                                                                                                                                                 15.0%
                                                                                            of financial and non    performance is 0-110%.
        740-749                                             0                  1*           financial performance                                                                                                                                     Audit Committee Member                                                    7,800
                                                                                            measures.               30% based on key strategic          44.8
        780-789                                             0                  1*                                   measures and safety. The                     10.0%                                                                                Remuneration Committee Chair                                             10,400
        810-819                                             1*                 0                                    range is 0-100%.                                                                                                                  Remuneration Committee Member                                             5,200
        840-849                                             1*                 0     LTI    Set at 50% of fixed     50% based on TSR                    94.4      5.0%
                                                                                            remuneration.           performance relative to
        850-859                                             1*                 0                                    the NZX50 less Australian
                                                                                                                    companies listed in NZ.
        1,770-1,779                                         0                  1*                                   The range is 0-100%.
                                                                                                                                                                  0.0%
                                                                                                                                                                          FY2016           FY2017           FY2018           FY2019        FY2020
        2,020-2,029                                         1*                 0
                                                                                                                    50% based on EPS CAGR.             120.0
        Total                                             148               138                                     The range is 0-120%.                                           POT                               NZX50

        *Includes vesting of Long Term Incentive Scheme and payment of
        Short Term Incentive




/ 122                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   / 123
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT (CONTINUED)
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




        Directors’ fees received during the 2020 year were:                                                                                                            General Notice of Interest by Directors (continued)
                                                                    Board                  Audit            Remuneration            Total 2020           Total 2019    Director                         Interest                                              Entity
                                                                        $                     $                        $                     $                    $
                                                                                                                                                                       Sir Robert Arnold McLeod         Chair/Director (resigned during the year)             E Tipu e Rea Limited
        Mr D A Pilkington                                       168,480                                            5,200             173,680              167,000
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Chair/Director (resigned during the year)             E Tipu e Rea Trustee Limited
        Ms A M Andrew                                              88,400                                          5,200              93,600               90,000
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Chair                                                 Quayside Holdings Limited
        Mr K R Ellis                                               88,400                 7,800                  10,400              106,600              102,500
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Director/Chair (appointed Chair during the year)      Sanford Group
        Ms J C Hoare                                               88,400               15,600                                       104,000              100,000
                                                                                                                                                                       David Alan Pilkington            Chair                                                 Douglas Pharmaceuticals Limited
        Mr A R Lawrence                                            88,400                 7,800                                       96,200               92,500
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Chair                                                 Rangatira Limited
        Mr D W Leeder                                              88,400                                          5,200              93,600               90,000
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Chair / Director (resigned as Chair and remained      Northport Limited
        Sir Robert McLeod                                          88,400                 7,800                                       96,200               92,500                                       as Director during the year)
        Total                                                                                                                       $763,880            $734,500                                        Director / Shareholder                                Excelsa Associates Limited
        Port of Tauranga meets Directors’ reasonable travel and other costs associated with the business.                                                                                               Director                                              Port of Tauranga Trustee Company Limited
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Director                                              PrimePort Timaru Limited
        Remuneration paid to Directors in their capacity as Directors of Subsidiaries during 2020 was:
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Trustee                                               New Zealand Community Trust
                                                                                                                                                              Fees
        Director                                      Subsidiary                                                                                                 $
                                                                                                                                                                       DIRECTORS’ LOANS
        Mr D A Pilkington                             NorthPort Chair/Director*                                                                             35,416
                                                                                                                                                                       There were no loans by the Company to Directors.
        Mr D A Pilkington                             PrimePort Director                                                                                    34,916
        Total                                                                                                                                             $70,332

        *Mr Pilkington changed designation from Chair to Director during the year.                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ INSURANCE
                                                                                                                                                                       The Group has arranged policies of Directors’ Liability Insurance, which together with a Deed of Indemnity, ensures that generally Directors will incur no
        Any fees paid to Port of Tauranga employees appointed as Directors of Subsidiaries are paid to the Company, not the individual.                                monetary loss as a result of actions undertaken by them as Directors. Certain actions are specifically excluded, for example the incurring of penalties
                                                                                                                                                                       and fines, which may be imposed in respect of breaches of the law.

        INTERESTS REGISTER
        The Company is required to maintain an Interests Register in which particulars of certain transactions and matters involving the Directors must be recorded.   SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

        The matters set out below were recorded in the Interests Register of the Company during the financial year.                                                    The ordinary shares of Port of Tauranga Limited are listed on NZX. The information in the disclosures below has been taken from the Company’s
                                                                                                                                                                       registers as at 30 June 2020.
        General Notice of Interest by Directors
                                                                                                                                                                       Twenty Largest Ordinary Equity Holders
        The Directors of the Company have declared interests in the following identified entities as at 30 June 2020:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Number of         % of Issued
        Director                                     Interest                                      Entity                                                              Holder                                                                                                                    Shares Held             Equity

        Alison Moira Andrew                          Chief Executive Officer                       Transpower New Zealand Limited                                      Quayside Securities Limited                                                                                              368,437,680               54.17
        Kimmitt Rowland Ellis                        Chair (appointed during the year)             Green Cross Health                                                  New Zealand Central Securities Depository Limited                                                                         60,966,450                8.96
                                                     Chair                                         Metlifecare Limited                                                 Custodial Services Limited (3 a/c)                                                                                        18,230,216                2.68
                                                     Chair                                         NZ Social Infrastructure Fund Limited                               Custodial Services Limited (4 a/c)                                                                                        16,488,144                2.42
                                                     Chair (resigned during the year)              Sleepyhead Group Limited                                            FNZ Custodians Limited                                                                                                    13,791,024                2.03
                                                     Director                                      Ballance Agri-Nutrients Limited                                     Custodial Services Limited (2 a/c)                                                                                        10,542,501                1.55
                                                     Director                                      Fonterra Shareholders Fund (FSF) Management Company                 Kotahi Logistics LP                                                                                                        8,500,000                1.25
                                                     Director                                      Freightways Limited                                                 Custodial Services Limited (18 a/c)                                                                                        6,821,200                1.00
        Julia Cecile Hoare                           Deputy Chair                                  The a2 Milk Company Limited                                         JBWere (NZ) Nominees Limited (NZ Resident a/c)                                                                             6,585,703                0.97
                                                     Deputy Chair                                  Watercare Services Limited                                          Forsyth Barr Custodians Limited (1-Custody a/c)                                                                            4,716,075                0.69
                                                     Director                                      Auckland International Airport Limited                              New Zealand Depository Nominee Limited (1 a/c)                                                                             4,258,092                0.63
                                                     Director                                      AWF Madison Group Limited                                           Investment Custodial Services Limited (C a/c)                                                                              2,920,601                0.43
                                                     Director (appointed during the year)          Meridian Energy Limited                                             Masfen Securities Limited                                                                                                  2,708,395                0.40
                                                     Director (resigned during the year)           New Zealand Post Limited                                            Custodial Services Limited (1 a/c)                                                                                         2,633,035                0.39
                                                     Director                                      The a2 Milk Company (New Zealand) Limited (subsidiary of            Custodial Services Limited (16 a/c)                                                                                        2,632,709                0.39
                                                                                                   The a2 Milk Company Limited)
                                                                                                                                                                       Lloyd James Christie                                                                                                       1,535,000                0.23
                                                     Member                                        External Reporting Advisory Panel
                                                                                                                                                                       FNZ Custodians Limited (DTA Non Resident a/c)                                                                              1,404,370                0.21
                                                     Vice President                                Institute of Directors Council
                                                                                                                                                                       ASB Nominees Limited (729140 a/c)                                                                                          1,214,225                0.18
        Alastair Roderick Lawrence                   Chair                                         Brittain Wynyard Limited
                                                                                                                                                                       Fraser Grant McKenzie & Dorothy Ann McKenzie                                                                               1,001,530                0.15
                                                     Chair (resigned during the year)              Glenorchy Pastoral Management Limited
                                                                                                                                                                       FNZ Custodians Limited (DRP NZ a/c)                                                                                          871,862                0.13
                                                     Director / Shareholder                        Antipodes Properties Limited and subsidiaries
                                                     Director / Shareholder                        CBS Advisory Limited
                                                                                                                                                                       Total                                                                                                                   536,258,812                78.84

                                                     Director / Shareholder                        Olrig Limited
                                                     Director / Shareholder                        Retail Dimension Limited
                                                     Trustee                                       JAB Hellaby Trust
        Douglas William Leeder                       Chair                                         Bay of Plenty Regional Council




/ 124                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             / 125
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT (CONTINUED)
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020




        Distribution of Equity Securities                                                                                                                          DONATIONS
                                                                                                                                                                   Donations of $47,059 were made during the year ended 30 June 2020 (2019: $24,806).
                                                                                                                 Number of     Number of             % of Issued
        Range of Equity Holdings                                                                                   Holders    Shares Held                 Equity

        1-5,000                                                                                                     2,904       1,684,428                  0.25    STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING
        5,001-10,000                                                                                                5,783      16,745,685                  2.46    The Company’s shares are listed on the New Zealand Stock Exchange.
        10,001-50,000                                                                                               2,645     20,421,400                   3.00
        50,001-100,000                                                                                              3,077     79,446,639                  11.68    NEW ZEALAND EXCHANGE (NZX) WAIVERS
        100,001 and over                                                                                              153    561,885,420                  82.61
                                                                                                                                                                   The Company currently has no NZX waivers.
        Total                                                                                                      14,562    680,183,572                100.00

        Substantial Security Holders                                                                                                                               CREDIT RATING
        According to Company records and notices given under the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013, the substantial security holders in ordinary shares           The Company during the year ended 30 June 2020 had a Standard & Poor’s rating of A-/Stable/A-2.
        (being the only class of quoted voting securities) of the Company as at 30 June 2020, were:

                                                                                                                               Number of                           ANNUAL MEETING
        Holder                                                                                                                Shares Held                     %
                                                                                                                                                                   The Annual Meeting will be held on Friday 30 October 2020 at 1.00pm, at Trustpower Baypark, 81 Truman Lane, Mount Maunganui. The ability for the
        Quayside Securities Limited                                                                                          368,437,680                  54.17    Company to hold a physical meeting may change depending on Covid-19 restrictions at that time.
        The total number of issued voting securities of the Company as at 30 June 2019 was 680,183,572.                                                            Messrs David Alan Pilkington and Douglas William Leeder are retiring by rotation and are seeking re-election at the Annual Meeting.

        Directors’ Equity Holdings
                                                                                                                                                                   AUDITORS
        As at 30 June 2020 Port of Tauranga Limited Directors’ had the following relevant interests in Port of Tauranga Limited equity securities:
                                                                                                                                                                   Under section 19 of the Port Companies Act 1988, the Audit Office is the Auditor of the Company. The Audit Office has appointed, pursuant to section
                                                                                             Held Beneficially               Held by Associated Persons            32 of the Public Audit Act 2001, the firm of KPMG to undertake the audit on its behalf.

                                                                                        30 June 2020        30 June 2019      30 June 2020       30 June 2019      The amount paid as audit fees and for other services provided by the Auditors is set out in the accounts.
        Mr D A Pilkington                                                                           0                   0           15,000                    0
        Ms A M Andrew                                                                               0                   0          82,500               82,500     FURTHER INFORMATION ON-LINE
        Mr K R Ellis                                                                                0                   0           62,750              62,750     Additional information on Port of Tauranga Limited can be found on the Company’s website at: http://www.port-tauranga.co.nz
        Ms J C Hoare                                                                                0                   0                0                    0
        Mr A R Lawrence                                                                             0                   0                0                    0
        Mr D W Leeder                                                                               0                   0                0                    0
        Sir Robert McLeod                                                                           0                   0                0                    0




/ 126                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     / 127
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL FIVE YEAR SUMMARY
 AS AT 30 JUNE 2020




         FINANCIAL                                                                                                                                       OPERATIONAL

                                                                                   Year           Year             Year              Year         Year                                                                              Year        Year        Year        Year      Year
                                                                                   2020           2019             2018              2017         2016                                                                              2020        2019        2018        2017      2016
                                                                                   $000           $000             $000              $000         $000


         Operating income                                                      301,985         313,263         283,726            255,882     245,521    Cargo throughput (000 tonnes)                                         24,808        26,946      24,458      22,194     20,120
         EBITDA*                                                               166,546         181,270         169,236            152,385     143,180    Containers (TEU)*                                                  1,251,741      1,233,177   1,182,147   1,085,987   954,006
         Surplus after taxation – reported                                      90,027         100,577           94,273            83,441       77,314   Net crane rate (container moves per hour)**                                35.8        32.9       35.5         36.2      35.6
         Dividends paid related to earnings                                    124,486         122,440          115,017           108,893       72,142   Ship departures                                                           1,515      1,678       1,747        1,651     1,482
         Total equity                                                         1,163,580      1,165,885        1,121,980           931,943     885,684    Berth occupancy (%)                                                         45          50          48          47        46
         Net interest bearing debt                                             479,435         442,097          399,164           374,816     308,420    Total cargo ship days in port                                             2,441      2,769       2,643       2,589      2,504
         Total assets                                                         1,817,186      1,748,861        1,657,031       1,422,600      1,322,367   Turn-around time per cargo ship (days)                                     1.61        1.65         1.5         1.4       1.6
         Interest cover (times)                                                     7.4             8.4             8.0               7.5          7.0   Cargo tonnes per ship                                                 16,291        16,058      14,000      13,442     13,549
         Gearing ratio (%)**                                                       29.2           27.5             26.2              28.7         25.8   Average cargo ship gross tonnage (GT)                                 33,408        33,920      30,218      29,654     26,665
         Return on average equity (%)                                               7.7             8.9             9.2               9.3          8.7   Average cargo ship length overall (metres)                                 207         207         200         199       190
         Share price ($)***                                                        7.70           6.34             5.10              4.45        19.50   Number of employees – Port of Tauranga Limited                             238         230         208         206       194
         Market capitalisation ($)                                            5,237,414      4,312,098        3,470,964       3,028,586      2,654,267   Lost time injuries (LTI – frequency)***                                     2.5         2.5         2.8         2.8       5.6
         Net asset backing per share ($)***                                        1.70           1.71             1.64              1.36         6.51   Total injury (frequency rate)                                               2.5         2.5         5.5         5.6       5.6
         *EBITDA is a non GAAP financial measure but is commonly used as a measure of performance as it shows the level of earnings before the impact    *TEU = Twenty Foot Equivalent Unit.
         of gearing levels and non cash charges such as depreciation and amortisation. Market analysts use the measure as an input into company          **As measured by the Australian Productivity Commission.
         valuation and other valuation metrics.
                                                                                                                                                         ***Number of lost time claims per million hours worked.
                                                                                   Year           Year             Year              Year         Year
                                                                                   2020           2019             2018              2017         2016   Operational data relates to the Parent Company as opposed to the Group.
                                                                                   $000           $000             $000              $000         $000


         Profit before taxation                                                118,445         135,009         126,386            111,347     103,088


         Net finance costs                                                      18,530          18,177           18,027            16,771      16,340
         Depreciation and amortisation                                          29,746          27,585           25,269            24,460      23,722
         Asset impairment                                                             0            499                0                 0           0
         Reversal of previous revaluation deficit                                  (175)              0            (446)             (193)         30
         Total                                                                  48,101          46,261           42,850            41,038      40,092
         EBITDA                                                                166,546         181,270         169,236            152,385      143,180

         **Net interest bearing debt to net interest bearing debt + equity.
         ***On 17 October 2016, the Parent Company completed a 5:1 share split.

         The Board approved a final dividend of 6.4 cents per share ($43.532 million) after year end payable on 2 October 2020.




/ 128                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    / 129
 / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020




 COMPANY DIRECTORY


        DIRECTORS                                             SOLICITORS
        D A Pilkington                                        Holland Beckett Law
        Chair                                                 Tauranga
        A M Andrew

        K R Ellis
                                                              BANKERS
        J C Hoare
                                                              ANZ National Bank Limited
        A R Lawrence
                                                              Bank of New Zealand
        D W Leeder
                                                              Commonwealth Bank of Australia
        Sir Robert McLeod
                                                              MUFG Bank, Limited


        EXECUTIVE
                                                              CREDIT RATING AGENCY
        M C Cairns
        Chief Executive                                       Standard & Poor’s (S&P)
                                                              Australia
        L E Sampson
        Chief Operating Officer                               Port of Tauranga Limited’s rating: A-/Stable/A-2

        M J Dyer
        Corporate Services Manager
                                                              SHARE REGISTRY
        B J Hamill
        Commercial Manager                                    For enquiries about share transactions, change of address
                                                              or dividend payments contact:
        S R Kebbell
        Chief Financial Officer                               Link Market Services Limited
                                                              PO Box 91976
        P M Kirk                                              Victoria Street West
        Group Health & Safety Manager                         Auckland 1142
                                                              New Zealand
        D A Kneebone
        Property & Infrastructure Manager                     Telephone        09 375 5998
                                                              Facsimile        09 375 5990
        R A Lockley
        Communications Manager                                Email            enquiries@linkmarketservices.co.nz
                                                              Website          www.linkmarketservices.co.nz

                                                              Copies of the Integrated Annual Report and Market Update
        REGISTERED OFFICE                                     (which replaces the Interim Report) are available from our website.

        Salisbury Avenue
        Mount Maunganui
                                                              FINANCIAL CALENDAR
        Private Bag 12504
        Tauranga Mail Centre                                  2 October 2020      Final dividend payment
        Tauranga 3143
                                                              30 October 2020     Annual Meeting
        New Zealand
                                                              26 February 2021 Interim results announcement
        Telephone         07 572 8899
                                                              March 2021          Interim Accounts and Market Update produced
        Email             marketing@port-tauranga.co.nz
        Website           www.port-tauranga.co.nz             26 March 2021       Interim dividend payment
                                                              30 June 2021        Financial year end

        AUDITORS                                              27 August 2021      Annual results announcement

        KPMG
        Tauranga
        (On behalf of the Auditor-General)




/ 130
                                                                                                       THIS REPORT
                                                                                                       HONOURS THE
                                                                                                       STRENGTH AND
                                                                                                       RESILIENCE OF OUR
                                                                                                       RELATIONSHIPS,




                                          / PORT OF TAURANGA LIMITED – INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                                       OUR PEOPLE AND
                                                                                                       OUR PORT.




                                                                                                                           PORT OF
                                                                                                                           TAURANGA
                                                                                                                           LIMITED –
                                                                                                                           INTEGRATED
                                                                                                                           ANNUAL
                                                                                                                           REPORT 2020


NEW ZEALAND’S

                www.port-tauranga.co.nz
