                         CONTENTS




2    Corporate Information
3    Chairman’s Statement
7    Management Discussion and Analysis
32   Independent Review Report
34   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

35   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
     Other Comprehensive Income
36   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
38   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
39   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
40   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
57   Other Information
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


CORPORATE INFORMATION

BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                              PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Executive Directors                                             In the Chinese Mainland:
                                                                Industrial Bank Co., Ltd. Shanghai Branch
Dr SU Ertian (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)             Bank of Liuzhou Co., Ltd.
Mr JIN Zengqin                                                  Liuzhou Urban Rural Credit Cooperative Union
Mr ZHOU Fangchao (Joint company secretary)
Mr BAI Zhihuan                                                  In Hong Kong, China:
Ms ZENG Zhu                                                     Citibank (Hong Kong) Limited
Mr LIM Kwang Su
                                                                In the Republic of Korea:
Non-executive Director                                          Shinhan Bank Chungbuk Retail Banking Center

Mr HU Yongxiang                                                 In Germany:
                                                                Deutsche Bank AG
Independent non-executive Directors
                                                                REGISTERED OFFICE
Mr HUI Chi Fung
Professor HAN Gaorong                                           Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
Mr LEUNG Kwai Wah Alex                                          PO Box 2681
                                                                Grand Cayman KY1-1111
Professor CHEN Fadong
                                                                Cayman Islands
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                                 PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG,
Mr HUI Chi Fung (Chairman)                                        CHINA
Professor HAN Gaorong                                           Room 2703, 27/F
Mr LEUNG Kwai Wah Alex                                          China Resources Building
                                                                26 Harbour Road
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                          Wanchai, Hong Kong
Mr LEUNG Kwai Wah Alex (Chairman)                               PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
Professor HAN Gaorong                                             IN THE CHINESE MAINLAND
Mr ZHOU Fangchao
                                                                Pearlescent Industrial Park
                                                                No. 380, Feilu Road
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                            Luzhai Town, Luzhai County
Dr SU Ertian (Chairman)                                         Liuzhou City
Professor HAN Gaorong                                           Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region
Mr HUI Chi Fung                                                 PRC
Ms ZENG Zhu
                                                                PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Professor CHEN Fadong                                             TRANSFER OFFICE
JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                                       Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
                                                                Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
Mr ZHOU Fangchao                                                PO Box 2681
Ms LEE Ching Ying (Appointed on 17 July 2026)                   Grand Cayman KY1-1111
Ms CHEUNG Ka Lun Karen (Resigned on 17 July 2026)               Cayman Islands

AUDITOR                                                         HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
                                                                  AND TRANSFER OFFICE
RSM Hong Kong
                                                                Tricor Investor Services Limited
Certified Public Accountants
                                                                17/F, Far East Finance Centre
(Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance with   16 Harcourt Road
the Financial Reporting Council Ordinance)                      Hong Kong

HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER                                         COMPANY’S WEBSITE
Charles Russell Speechlys LLP                                   www.chesir.com

                                                                STOCK CODE
                                                                06616



02
                                                                             GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                             2026 Interim Report


                                                                   CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

Dear Shareholders,

The first half of 2026 represents a watershed half-year in the development journey of the Group. Following the completion
of the acquisition of Merck Surface Solutions Business (currently the Group’s German business operation) on 31 July 2025,
the current reporting period marks the first full half-year operating cycle of the Group after establishing a business footprint
spanning Asia, Europe and the Americas. The Company’s business scope and management complexity have thus undergone
fundamental changes, and the core challenge confronting us has shifted from “whether a cross-border Acquisition can be
completed” to “whether the globally dispersed technologies, products, production capacities and talents can be integrated into
a truly efficiently operated company”.

During the reporting period, geopolitical tensions, tariff policies, exchange rate volatility and divergent downstream demand
continued to exert impacts on the global manufacturing and new materials industries. While the Group observes long-term
resilient demand for surface performance materials in enhancing product aesthetics, functionality and sustainability, the
Group also clearly recognise that the strategic value of the Group’s global footprint must ultimately be translated, through
effective integration and operational excellence, into sustained improvements in operational quality, enhanced profitability
and increased shareholder returns.

Acquisition alters asset boundaries while integration determines value boundaries. This is the most straightforward
judgment on the current stage of the Group.

FROM GLOBAL FOOTPRINT TO GLOBAL OPERATION
Transaction completion and consolidated financial statements merely mark the commencement of integration. Cross-border
integration shall not remain at superficial unification of organisational structures, systems and procedures, but shall be
implemented across clients, products, supply chains, research and development, capital and organisational responsibilities.

During the 1H2026, the Group steadily pushed forward the integration of the German business operation with existing
businesses centring on client and business continuity, global supply chains, product and market synergy, governance of
material matters and operation management systems. The Group’s principles are clear: clients and delivery take priority,
safety and compliance serve as the bottom line, professional systems and cultural traditions of different markets shall be
respected, and unified operational standards and accountability mechanisms applicable to the entire Group shall be gradually
established. The Group does not pursue unification for its own sake, nor sacrifice team stability and long-term value for short-
term speed.

The foundation of the Group’s PRC business operation, synthetic mica and mass production, the Korea business operation’s
accumulated strengths in special substrates and high-end applications, as well as the German business operation’s
advantages in brands, technologies, product portfolios and global client networks, are combining to form a more
comprehensive capability portfolio. The Group’s objective is not to simply juxtapose several outstanding enterprises, but to
achieve genuine interconnection among them across clients, technologies, products and supply chains. Newly added clients
and projects, stable delivery, improved product mix and inventory turnover efficiency, as well as growing operating cash
flows, constitute the genuine yardsticks for testing integration outcomes.




                                                                                                                            03
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



ESTABLISHMENT OF “THREE MATERIAL SYSTEMS AND ONE TECHNOLOGY PLATFORM”
The broader the business footprint, the clearer the strategic boundaries shall be. The Group is shaping a business framework
featuring “three core material systems, one generic technology platform and multiple high-value application scenarios”:
the high-end effect material and functional pigment system centred on pearlescent effective pigments, the synthetic mica
and functional substrate system, the cosmetic active and personal care functional material system, alongside the surface
functionalisation and formulation application technology platform running through all three systems. Accordingly, the Group
is upgrading from a single material supplier to a global platform provider of surface performance materials and application
solutions.

The high-end effect material and functional pigment system extends far beyond conventional pearlescent effective pigments.
Leveraging diversified substrates including natural mica, synthetic mica, glass and aluminium oxide, the Group’s offerings
evolve from delivering colour, lustre and texture to providing functionalities such as weather resistance, laser marking,
electrical conductivity and thermal reflection, catering to applications covering automotive and industrial coatings, plastics,
printing, cosmetics and green construction. Among these sectors, automotive coatings represent a key application market of
the Group. Its stringent requirements for colour design, weather durability, batch consistency and global delivery also serve
as a vital test scenario for the Group’s comprehensive capabilities. The growth logic of this system lies in its upgrade from
supplying colour and lustre to assisting clients in defining product appearance, performance and brand differentiation.

Synthetic mica is not merely an upstream raw material for effect materials, but an underlying material platform enabling
the Group to achieve synergies in quality, cost, supply security and application innovation. Through continuous optimisation
of purity, particle size, substrate structure and surface functionalities, synthetic mica can underpin high-end effect materials
while expanding into functional filler, electrical insulation, fire-resistant materials and new energy-related scenarios. It
provides the Group with self-controllable core substrates and reinforces product innovation, large-scale manufacturing and
the resilience of the global supply chain.

The cosmetic active and personal care functional material system further extends the Group’s offerings from supplying
colour and texture to delivering efficacy and formulation value. The Group’s existing capabilities cover cosmetic-grade
effect materials, functional filler, active ingredients and UV filters, with further expansion into functional segments including
moisturisation, sun protection, anti-ageing and mosquito repellent. This system shares client channels, regulatory and quality
systems, application testing and formulation services, which helps raise certification barriers, enhance client loyalty and
sustainable repeat purchases, and forms a key pillar for high value-added and knowledge-intensive growth.

Within this framework, surface functionalisation is not an isolated fourth product category, but a generic technology platform
running through all three material systems. Via surface coating, modification and end-formulation adaptation, the Group
can improve materials’ weather resistance, dispersibility, compatibility, skin feel and application stability, enabling the same
substrate to enter various client systems and higher-value scenarios. Adopting the unified technological chain of “substrate
research and development – surface functionalisation – end-formulation adaptation”, the Group drives coordination among
global research and development, application, production and supply chain centring on key client projects, sample verification
and industrialisation milestones, so as to boost the commercialisation efficiency of research and development outputs.




04
                                                                             GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                            2026 Interim Report


                                                                                  CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



During the reporting period, the 100,000-tonne annual synthetic mica production plant in Tonglu, Hangzhou (the “Hangzhou
Tonglu Synthetic Mica Production Plant”) commenced commissioning and production line operation, entering the stages of
process optimisation, capacity ramp-up and client verification. Capacity expansion and product mix upgrading of Chesir Pearl
also continued to progress. However, such completion and capacity formation merely mark the starting point of the Group.
Investments can only be truly converted into shareholder value when production capacity is translated into stable quality,
technologies are converted into client certifications, and certifications are converted into sales orders and operating cash
flows. Future resource allocation will be more concentrated on segments with technological foundations, accessible client
resources, industrialisation conditions and reasonable capital returns.

LEVERAGING OPERATIONAL QUALITY AND GOVERNANCE CAPABILITIES TO UNDERPIN THE GLOBAL
PLATFORM
Revenue marks the starting point of operations, while cash flows and capital returns represent the operational outcomes. The
Group clearly recognises that integration investments, finance costs, working capital occupation and supply chain volatility
may still exert impacts on short-term profit quality and cash returns. The management will remain equllay focused on scale
growth and operational efficiency, continuously enhancing earnings quality and cash returns through leaner operations
and stronger capital discipline. The Directors mandate each business department to accord equal priority to cash flows and
capital returns as revenue growth, and strengthen the management of trade receivables, inventory, procurement, costs and
expenses as well as asset-liability structure. Every growth going forward shall be subject to three core assessment criterias:
whether clients will continuously choose the Group, whether such growth generates operating cash flows, and whether
invested capital yields reasonable returns.

With rising business complexity, governance capabilities must advance ahead of business scale. The Group will continue to
strenthen the division of responsibilities between the Group headquarters and individual business departments, and reinforce
mechanisms covering reserved powers for material matters, authorisation administration, operational targets, project
tracking and risk early warning. While preserving the decision-making efficiency of local teams in close proximity to clients
and markets, all business departments are required to comply with the unified bottom-line requirements of the Group in
respect of capital, safety, environmental protection, compliance, brand reputation and material risks. In respect of material
investments, new projects and acquisitions, the Group will place greater emphasis on capital sources, worst-case scenarios,
management carrying capacity and exit arrangements, and adhere to phased decision-making and post-investment
evaluation.

During the reporting period, the Group also pressed ahead with relevant work for the proposed acquisition of controlling
interests in Zhejiang Jihua and its subsidiaries (the “Jihua Group”) in accordance with disclosed arrangements. The
transaction remains subject to the satisfaction of relevant precedent conditions and completion of requisite procedures
prior to closing. Upon closing of the transaction, Jihua Group will serve as a new industrial carrier for the Group’s expansion
into dyes, dye intermediates, polymer coatings and other fine chemical materials, and provide the Group with an additional
domestic capital market platform.

The Group does not regard the closing of the acquisition of Jihua Group or a listed status as value realisation itself. Genuine
value hinges upon operational improvements, standardised governance, controllable risks and cash returns. The Directors
attach equal importance to risk prevention prior to completion and governance handover after completion, with focused
attention on capital security, risk isolation, operational authorisation, team stability and medium-to-long term transformation
pathways, ensuring every step is aligned with the interests of the Company and all shareholders as a whole.




                                                                                                                           05
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



OUTLOOK: TRANSLATING GLOBAL CAPABILITIES INTO LONG-TERM RETURNS
Looking ahead to the second half of 2026, the external environment may remain volatile, and internal integration cannot
be accomplished overnight. The Group does not underestimate the challenges, yet maintain confidence in the Group’s
technological foundation, global client resources, industrial depth and capable teams. The priorities for subsequent work are
clear:

Firstly,   retain clients and guarantee delivery, continue to push forward the integration of the German business operation,
           boost collaborative efficiency across global commercial, supply chain, research and development as well as
           production systems, and establish talent, cultural and execution systems matching a global materials enterprise;

Secondly, optimise product portfolios centred on the three core material systems, strengthen the surface functionalisation
           and formulation application technology platform, accelerate the ramp-up for new production capacities, client
           certification and commercialisation, and convert industrial investments into revenue, profits and cash flows;

Thirdly,   reinforce the management of working capital, asset-liability structure and finance costs, adhere to prudent
           investment and capital allocation disciplines, and enhance the Group’s capacity to withstand cyclical fluctuations;
           and

Lastly,    steadily press ahead with the transaction relating to Jihua Group on the premise of strict compliance with
           regulatory rules of both jurisdictions and satisfaction of transaction conditions, and prepare in advance for
           governance, risk segregation and operational handover after completion.

“I always believe how far an enterprise can go does not lie in how fast it expands when the market is favourable,
but lies in whether it can hold clients, cash flows, compliance and reputation during complicated periods.
Scale can be quickly changed in one transaction, while capabilities can only be formed through day-to-day
operations.”
Nowadays, the Group boasts deeper industrial reach, richer technological resources and a network closer to global customers
than ever before. Meanwhile, the Group shoulders greater operational responsibilities and stricter governance requirements.
The mission of the Group is crystal clear: convert the global footprint into global operation, translate technological resources
into client value, and turn growth opportunities into cash flows and sustainable returns.

Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express sincere gratitude to our global clients, partners and all shareholders for
their enduring trust and support. I also extend my appreciation to all employees for their professionalism, commitment and
perseverance throughout the integration and transformation journey.

The Directors and management will continue to push forward all work with a prudent, pragmatic and resolute attitude, and
strive to build the Group into a global platform for surface performance materials and application solutions with in-depth
technologies, high-quality operations, disciplined governance and the capacity to navigate through cycles, so as to create
sustainable long-term value for shareholders.

Dr Su Ertian
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

28 August 2026




06
                                                                             GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                            2026 Interim Report


                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

INDUSTRY OVERVIEW
In the six months ended 30 June 2026 (the “1H2026”), geopolitical divergence and the restructuring of trade rules have driven
a notable rise in the value of industrial-chain security and brought about profound adjustments to the industrial landscape.
Supply systems featuring self-reliance and controllability as well as multi-source layout, together with technical capabilities
for key materials, are replacing pure cost advantages to become core competitive factors. As a core supporting industry for
the upgrading of high-end manufacturing, the new-materials industry is driven by both policies and market demands and
maintains sound and steady performance amid cyclical fluctuations. Among such materials, fuelled by the combined effects
of demand upgrading, technological iteration and regulatory reshaping, the surface-performance-materials segment has seen
continuous increase in industrial concentration, and the globalised full-industrial-chain advantages of leading enterprises
have been further magnified.

I.    Macro and industrial environment: Policy support and tightening compliance reshape industry boundaries
      Domestically, the policies under the 15th Five-Year Plan are implemented in depth, and the strategic positioning
      of new materials keeps rising. The “Catalogue for the Guidance of Industrial Structure Adjustment (2024 Version)”
      categorises high-quality artificial crystal materials into the encouraged category, which provides clear policy support
      for technological breakthroughs and large-scale application of core base materials such as synthetic mica. As the sole
      undertaking entity for the synthetic mica project, a strategic emerging material under the “Industrial Strong-Foundation
      Project” of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People’s Republic of China, the Group directly
      benefits from such policy support.

      Globally, the divergence in world economic growth intensified in 2026. Geopolitical conflicts and trade barriers drive
      multinational enterprises to restructure supply chains under the principle of “security and resilience first”. Meanwhile,
      requirements of various countries on raw-material traceability, purity and environmental-protection attributes keep
      increasing, and downstream brands accelerate the shift to raw-material partners with stable quality and controllable
      sources. The dual effects of policy support and tightening compliance jointly raise the industry’s entry thresholds.

II.   Industry supply-demand pattern: Steady expansion of market size with concurrent concentration and
      high-end transformation
      (I)   Supply-side: Production capacity accelerates to gather among leading enterprises, and barriers in the high-end
            market become prominent

            Industry resources are accelerating to concentrate in leading enterprises equipped with full-chain technologies,
            large-scale production capacity, complete product matrices and global service systems, and the supply presents
            notable structural stratification. The requirements of the mid-to-high-end market for performance adaptation for
            high-end customers, full-link compliance traceability and global supporting services are far above the industry
            average, and effective supply is highly concentrated in a small number of global leading enterprises. With the
            expansion of high-end application scenarios and rising customer requirements for supply-chain stability and
            compliance, such stratification trend will be further solidified.




                                                                                                                           07
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



       (II)   Demand-side: Diversified expansion of downstream demand with strong momentum from emerging tracks

              The global surface-material and pearlescent effective pigments market expands steadily and has formed a
              dual-engine pattern of “steady growth in traditional sectors plus high growth in emerging sectors”. According
              to industry research reports by Frost & Sullivan, the compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of the global
              pearlescent-material market size reached 10.0% from 2019 to 2025. Driven by rising penetration rate, material
              substitution and policy support, the market size is expected to exceed RMB50 billion by 2030. Structurally, the
              automotive and environmental-protection coating sectors posted remarkable growth during 2019-2025. Intelligent
              transportation, Building-Integrated Photovoltaics (BIPV) and high-end cosmetics are expected to inject new
              momentum into industry growth from 2025 to 2030.

III.   Competitive landscape and core barriers: Sustained prominence of leading-player effect and upgrade of
       competitive factors toward system-based capabilities
       According to the report by Frost & Sullivan, as of 2025, the market concentration ratio of the top-three enterprises
       (CR3) in the global pearlescent-material market stood at 44.1%, while small-and-medium-sized manufacturers remain
       concentrated in the mid-to-low-end and regional markets. Upon completion of the acquisition of the German business
       operation, based on 2025 sales metrics, the Group held a market share of 24.4% in the global pearlescent-material
       market and 13.0% in the global surface-material market, ranking first in the industry in both cases.

       The core of industry competition has shifted from mere price comparison to comprehensive-capability competition
       covering “technology and quality - cost efficiency - global delivery”. Coupled with the evolution of downstream
       demand toward high-performance, eco-friendly and scenario-specific products, industry entry barriers keep rising.
       The advantages of leading enterprises will be further consolidated, and the living space for small-and-medium-sized
       enterprises will keep narrowing.

GROUP PERFORMANCE AND HIGHLIGHTS
The 1H2026 represents the first complete semi-annual operating cycle in which the integration effects arising from the
Group’s strategic acquisition of the German business operation starts to manifest at the financial and operational levels.
It also constitutes a critical six-month period for the Group to fully shift from “scale leapfrogging” to “value unlocking” and
achieve systematic upgrading of its fundamentals. During the reporting period, the Group anchored its strategic positioning
as a global platform for surface-performance materials and application solutions, prioritised end-to-end integration and
efficiency enhancement following the cross-border acquisition as its top management focus, as well as drove synergistic
empowerment to advance from “implementation and layout” into “accelerated unlocking”. Business has been advancing
across multiple regions in parallel, diversified growth drivers have taken shape, and the anti-cyclical development resilience
has been notably enhanced.




08
                                                                             GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                             2026 Interim Report


                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



I.   Financial performance
     In the 1H2026, alongside the full consolidation of the German business operation, the Group deeply activated its
     global business layout and achieved notable growth in total revenue, recording total revenue of RMB2,558.3 million,
     representing an increase of 180.5% compared with total revenue of RMB912.0 million for the corresponding period
     of the previous year. As the German business operation was only included in the Group’s consolidated statement of
     financial position with effect from 31 July 2025, the results for the corresponding period of the previous year did not
     include such portion of revenue. Accordingly, the year-on-year increase mainly reflects the change in consolidation
     scope. The Group provides a sequential comparison on a like-for-like basis below for the German business operation
     between the 1H2026 and its initial consolidation period from August to December 2025. During the reporting period, the
     Group’s business structure developed in a diversified manner and application scenarios kept expanding. Among others,
     the revenue contribution ratios of the three major business operations, namely the PRC business operation, the German
     business operation and the Korea business operation, stood at 34.1%, 59.5% and 6.4%, respectively.

     During the reporting period, benefiting from the Group’s proactive advancement of optimisation of production and
     sales, as well as sustained robust demand from major downstream customers, all business segments of the Group
     demonstrated sound growth momentum. Revenue of the PRC business operation rose by 15.4% compared with the
     corresponding period of the previous year, demonstrating steady and resilient business. Excluding foreign-exchange
     impacts, revenue of the Korea business operation increased by 17.2% versus the corresponding period of the previous
     year, showing an accelerating growth momentum. As the Group’s core platform for high-end businesses, the German
     business operation saw its operational vitality fully unlocked. Excluding foreign-exchange impacts, the average monthly
     revenue in the 1H2026 grew by 32.3% compared with the average monthly revenue during its consolidation period from
     August to December 2025, which validates the operational effectiveness of acquisition integration.

     In the 1H2026, the Group achieved gross profit of RMB977.7 million, representing an increase of 106.3% compared
     with the gross profit of RMB473.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 (the “1H2025”). Such increase in
     gross profit was mainly attributable to the growth in revenue scale. The overall gross profit margin stood at 38.2%,
     representing a decrease of 13.8 percentage points from the gross profit margin of 52.0% for the 1H2025, which was
     mainly due to (i) accounting impacts arising from the acquisition of the German business operation, whereby the
     fair-value increment of inventories at the acquisition date was one-off recognised in costs upon sales, resulting in a
     reduction in gross profit of RMB118.0 million; (ii) the production bases of the German business operation are located in
     high-cost countries including Germany, the United States and Japan, and its gross profit margin is lower than that of the
     Group’s mature businesses in the PRC and Korea; and (iii) the Hangzhou Tonglu Synthetic Mica Production Plant is in the
     initial phase of capacity ramp-up, scale effects have not been fully realised, unit production costs remain at a relatively
     high level, which has exerted a phased impact of 0.7 percentage points on the overall gross profit margin of the Group’s
     PRC business operation.

     Notably, the gross profit margin of the Group’s Korea business operation rose by 1.7 percentage points to 45.9% in the
     1H2026, from 44.2% for the 1H2025. The gross profit margin of the PRC business operation was 51.5%, representing
     a decrease of 2.1 percentage points from 53.6% for the 1H2025, affected by the low gross profit margin at the initial
     production stage of the Hangzhou Tonglu Synthetic Mica Production Plant. Excluding the impact of such project, the
     gross profit margin of the PRC business operation stood at 52.2%, which remained broadly stable compared with the
     corresponding period of the previous year, demonstrating strong resilience in endogenous profitability. After excluding
     the impact of non-cash acquisition-related accounting adjustments, the gross profit margin of the German business
     operation for the 1H2026 was 37.6%, representing an increase of 8.2 percentage points from the adjusted gross profit
     margin of 29.4% during its consolidation period from August to December 2025. As acquisition integration enters
     the phase of efficiency unlocking, operating efficiency and cost-control capabilities keep improving, driving steady
     enhancement in the profitability of the German business operation.




                                                                                                                            09
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



      In the 1H2026, the Group’s selling expenses amounted to RMB425.4 million, representing an increase of 681.4%
      compared with RMB54.4 million for the 1H2025, mainly attributable to the incremental selling expenses arising
      from the first-time full consolidation of the German business operation and the increase in amortisation of the the
      appreciated valuation of intangible assets (such as customer relationships) in connection with the acquisition of the
      German business operation. The selling expense ratio of the German business operation is higher than that of the
      Group’s original businesses, which essentially reflects its business model and brand positioning: targeting the global
      high-end market with high brand premium and a large proportion of direct-sales customers, the segment is required
      to undertake brand promotion, marketing and customer development functions on its own. Meanwhile, leveraging its
      network of global application centres, teams of formulation engineers and application technical specialists are deeply
      involved in joint development and mass-production onboarding for downstream direct-sales customers, and such
      professional technical inputs are also included in selling expenses. In other words, higher selling expense input is a
      concomitant outcome of strong brand power, high customer loyalty and product premiumisation, and is consistent with
      the segment’s high-value products. Excluding the impact of the German business operation, the selling expense ratio of
      the PRC and Korea Business operations stood at 5.7%, representing a decrease of 0.3 percentage points from 6.0% for
      the 1H2025, with robust cost control maintained for the original businesses.

      In the 1H2026, the Group’s administrative and other operating expenses amounted to RMB403.5 million, representing
      an increase of 233.6% compared with RMB120.9 million for the 1H2025, mainly attributable to the incremental
      expenses generated from the consolidation of the German business operation, including one-off items such as fees
      under the Transitional Service Agreement (TSA) paid to Merck in the initial integration phase, as well as investments in
      governance, compliance and information systems required for establishing the global management platform covering
      Asia, Europe and America. Excluding one-off factors, the Group’s administrative and other operating expense ratio stood
      at 11.6%, representing a slight increase of 0.4 percentage points from 11.2% for the 1H2025, which mainly reflects
      concentrated investments during the establishment phase of the globalised management structure. As integration
      progresses, there is room for optimisation of such expense ratio.

      In the 1H2026, the Group’s net impairment loss on trade receivables, bills receivables and other receivables amounted
      to RMB0.9 million, as compared with a net reversal of RMB2.1 million for the 1H2025. Finance costs increased from
      RMB144.6 million for the 1H2025 to RMB293.5 million for the 1H2026, mainly attributable to the increase in bank loans
      and other borrowings, as well as higher interest expenses arising from lease liabilities and defined-benefit retirement
      plans. Income tax expenses increased from RMB48.2 million for the 1H2025 to RMB82.7 million for the 1H2026, mainly
      attributable to the expansion of the PRC business operation and the incremental impact of the German business
      operation.

      Affected by one-off transaction costs and professional fees related to the acquisition of the German business operation,
      fair-value adjustments and amortisation of intangible assets, initial integration expenses upon business acquisition
      (including fees under the Transitional Service Agreement paid to Merck, and other costs and expenses to be borne
      by the the Group arising from its spin-off from Merck), as well as increased finance costs incurred to complete the
      acquisition, the Group’s profit segment was subject to phased pressure. In the 1H2026, the Group recorded a net loss
      of RMB93.4 million, representing a decrease of RMB193.0 million compared with a net profit of RMB99.6 million for the
      corresponding period of the previous year, of which loss attributable to owners of the Company amounted to RMB133.9
      million and profit attributable to non-controlling interests stood at RMB40.5 million. After excluding the impacts of
      one-off items such as the acquisition of the German business operation and asset fair-value adjustments, the adjusted
      net profit was RMB43.5 million.




10
                                                                      GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                      2026 Interim Report


                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



The aforesaid impacts mainly stem from accounting and one-off factors during the acquisition-integration phase and
do not alter the operational substance of the Group’s core businesses. After excluding such factors, the Group’s core
operating profitability remains sound and keeps improving. In the 1H2026, the Group’s adjusted EBITDA amounted to
RMB589.3 million, representing an increase of RMB158.0 million or 36.6% from RMB431.3 million for the 1H2025, with
an adjusted EBITDA margin of 23.0%. Among others, the German business operation contributed RMB191.3 million
to the Group’s adjusted EBITDA during the reporting period, with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 12.6%, representing
an increase of 2.5 percentage points compared with the adjusted EBITDA margin during its consolidation period from
August to December 2025, and its operational profitability kept improving. Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net profit
are non-IFRS measures, which aim to reflect the core-business profitability after excluding acquisition-related one-off
and non-cash items. They shall not be equated with or used as a substitute for profit or net cash flows generated
from operating activities prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, and may not be
comparable with similarly-named metrics of other companies.

During the reporting period, moving from completion of the acquisition of the German business operation to
realisation of synergies, operational-integration outcomes have been manifested simultaneously at both the
financial and business levels:

1.   Gross profit margins of core businesses remain sound and operational profitability improves: The gross profit
     margin of the Korea business operation rises steadily. Excluding the ramp-up impact of newly-commissioned
     projects, the gross profit margin of the PRC business operation stays stable. The gross profit margin (after
     excluding accounting adjustments) and adjusted EBITDA margin of the German business operation both increased
     notably compared with its consolidation period from August to December 2025, and its operational profit centre
     has entered an upward trajectory.

2.   Net liabilities decreased compared with year-end level and liquidity remains sufficient: As of 30 June 2026,
     cash and cash equivalents of the Group stood at RMB4,631.8 million (31 December 2025: RMB3,748.9 million).
     In the corresponding period, interest-bearing borrowings of the Group (excluding lease liabilities) amounted
     to RMB8,711.3 million (31 December 2025: RMB7,970.2 million). Such increase was mainly attributable to the
     Group’s issuance of HK$1 billion convertible bonds in January 2026. As the increase in cash and cash equivalents
     exceeded that in interest-bearing borrowings, the Group’s net liabilities decreased from RMB4,221.3 million
     as of 31 December 2025 to RMB4,079.5 million. During the reporting period, finance cost of the Group was
     RMB293.5 million. The Group’s current liquidity position is sufficient to support its operations and existing debt
     arrangements. The Company will continue to push forward business integration and keep reviewing the Group’s
     capital-and-liability position and financing arrangements. The Company may, from time to time, consider various
     financing options having regard to market conditions, its funding requirements and business development plans.

3.   The German business operation boasts solid fundamentals with an initial operational turning point emerging:
     Sales orders from core customers of the German business operation achieved a smooth transition. Core functions
     including production, research and development and sales remained continuous. The total number of global
     employees registered a net-growth compared with the early stage of the acquisition of the German business
     operation, and sales revenue increased notably against its first consolidation period after such acquisition (August
     to December 2025). During the reporting period, capacity utilisation rates of the Gernsheim site in Germany and
     the Onahama site in Japan kept rising, mainly driven by the restart of idle assets, strategic equipment investment
     and the implementation of special initiatives for yield improvement. As a fully-vitalised high-end business
     platform post-acquisition, the value of the German business operation is being gradually realised.




                                                                                                                     11
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



      4.      Synergistic orders are implemented in batches, and global linkage effects are gradually unlocked:
              Cross-regional and cross-product-line business synergy of the Group has entered the substantive implementation
              phase. As of the end of the reporting period, the German business operation has launched a total of 60
              cross-selling products originating from the PRC business operation in batches, covering three major sectors
              namely industrial applications, coatings and cosmetics. Cross-selling businesses have reached more than 40
              countries and regions worldwide. The first batch of formal industrial-sector orders have been secured across
              multiple markets including Canada, Korea, the United Kingdom, Romania, the United States, Italy, Peru and
              Poland. The Group has identified more than 500 potential cross-selling business opportunities across its global
              regions. It should be noted that the conversion of cross-selling opportunities from identification to actual orders
              normally requires a customer testing and certification cycle of six to eighteen months. There exists uncertainty as
              to whether such potential opportunities can be converted into actual orders and the relevant timing thereof.

II.   Business Review
      During the reporting period, the Group has achieved a qualitative leap in its competitive position within the global
      high-end surface-performance-material industrial value chain — evolving from a single-material supplier into a
      global platform-based enterprise for surface-performance materials and application solutions, with its leading-player
      advantages further consolidated. The long-term value of acquisition integration keeps manifesting. The Group steadily
      implemented synergy measures across multiple dimensions including supply-chain integration, sales-channel and
      customer expansion, product-and-market synergy and organisational-system integration to continuously unlock
      integration dividends.

      The Group’s integration of acquired business is implemented under the principle of “phased advancement with
      milestone gates”. The first phase centres on business, customer and team stability as well as the development of
      independent operational capabilities, including implementation of governance mechanisms, building of key positions
      and organisational capabilities, migration of information systems, orderly exit from the Transitional Service Agreement,
      and safeguarding of customer and supply-chain continuity. The second phase drives the scaling-up of synergy plant
      to generate quantifiable operational contributions, measured by orders and invoiced revenue from synergistic sales,
      procurement savings, quality certification and cost improvements for logistics delivery and contract manufacturing.
      Subject to satisfying customer, quality, regulatory and return-on-investment requirements, the third phase further
      optimises the global research-and-development, manufacturing, supply-chain and commercial platforms. An
      Integration Steering Committee has been established at the Group level to define responsible persons, milestones and
      acceptance criteria for workflows covering sales, supply chain, contract manufacturing, research and development and
      procurement, and conduct reviews on a phased basis.

      The following table sets forth the Group’s revenue by reportable segment:

                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                      2026                                 2025
                                                                             The revenue                          The revenue
                                                              Revenue         proportion           Revenue         proportion
                                                              RMB’000                  %           RMB’000                  %

      PRC business operation                                   871,855               34.1           755,667                82.9
      Korea business operation                                 165,192                6.4           156,371                17.1
      German business operation                              1,521,296               59.5                —                   —

      Total                                                  2,558,343              100.0           912,038              100.0




12
                                                                      GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                     2026 Interim Report


                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



In the 1H2026, the German business operation generated revenue of RMB1,521.3 million, accounting for 59.5% of
the Group’s total revenue. During the reporting period, one-off disruptions arising from the transitional period upon
closing of the German business operation gradually subsided. Production capacities and production teams constrained
during the initial-integration phase have been fully restored. Coupled with robust order demand from core downstream
customers and continuous increase in the proportion of high-value-added products. During the reporting period,
excluding foreign-exchange impacts, the average monthly revenue achieved the aforesaid growth of 32.3% compared
with the first consolidation period post-acquisition. Its operational vitality has been fully unlocked under the Group’s
integrated empowerment.

In the 1H2026, the PRC business operation achieved revenue of RMB871.9 million, representing an increase of
15.4% compared with revenue of RMB755.7 million for the 1H2025, and accounting for 34.1% of total revenue. Such
increase was mainly attributable to the steady capacity ramp-up of Phase II of the Liuzhou 30,000-ton-per-annum
pearlescent-material production plant (the “Liuzhou Pearlescent-material Production Plant”), which provided effective
support for growth in product sales volume; meanwhile, demand from downstream applications including automotive
and industrial coatings kept expanding, and the proportion of high-value-added products such as synthetic mica
substrates rose.

In the 1H2026, the Korea business operation recorded revenue of RMB165.2 million, representing an increase of 5.6%
compared with revenue of RMB156.4 million for the 1H2025, and accounting for 6.4% of total revenue. Excluding the
depreciation impact of the Korean Won against Renminbi, revenue of the Korea business operation rose by 17.2%
compared with the 1H2025. Such growth was jointly driven by higher product sales volume and rising average selling
prices. During the reporting period, benefiting from the batch roll-out of industrial-sector projects, recovered demand
from downstream coating manufacturers in the automotive sector and expanded export scale in the cosmetics sector,
the Korea business operation achieved both volume and price increases for pearlescent effective pigments products.

(i)   A comprehensive global-operation framework has taken shape, with overseas-market expansion and
      strategic-customer cooperation continuously deepened
      1.   A multi-region synergistic global revenue framework is fully established

           With the continuous deepening of the integration of sales and service systems, leveraging its sales network
           and brand heritage covering Asia, Europe and the Americas, the Group has built up a sales network reaching
           more than 150 countries and regions worldwide. Its global revenue framework featuring multi-region
           synergy and multi-point growth is increasingly well-developed.

           In the PRC market, the Group gives full play to its manufacturing strengths of a full-range product matrix
           and large-scale delivery. In the 1H2026, it secured sales revenue of RMB1,087.2 million, representing a
           year-on-year growth of 42.8%, with its fundamental-market position further consolidated. Benefiting from
           the in-depth integration and concerted efforts of global sales networks, the penetration rate of the Group’s
           mid-to-high-end products in core overseas markets including Europe and America increased notably.
           During the reporting period, sales revenue in Europe rose by 1,372.5% year-on-year, and sales revenue
           in North America grew by 1,824.7% year-on-year. Emerging markets including Asia (excluding the PRC),
           Africa and South America also maintained rapid-growth momentum. The proportion of overseas-market
           sales revenue accounted for 57.5%, representing an increase of 41.0 percentage points from 16.5% in the
           1H2025. This signifies that the Group’s global revenue structure has shifted towards multi-polar driving. The
           revenue structure across various regions has become more balanced, with counter-cyclical resilience and
           global-market share steadily enhanced.




                                                                                                                    13
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                  The following table sets forth sales revenue by geographical sales region:

                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                  2026                                2025
                                                            RMB’000                   %         RMB’000                  %

                  The PRC                                  1,087,165               42.5          761,440               83.5
                  Europe                                     575,232               22.5           39,064                4.3
                  Asia (other than the PRC)                  420,539               16.4           84,731                9.3
                  North America                              270,247               10.6           14,041                1.5
                  South America                              117,198                4.6            7,567                0.8
                  Africa                                      39,391                1.5            5,195                0.6
                  Others                                      48,571                1.9               —                 0.0

                  Total                                    2,558,343              100.0          912,038             100.0


            2.    Notable achievements in upgrading customer mix and expanding direct-sales channels

                  Relying on leading product quality, profound research-and-development accumulation of technologies,
                  stable large-scale delivery capabilities and solid brand moat, the Group has successfully entered into the
                  supply-chain systems of several world-class luxury automotive brands and leading international customers
                  in the beauty-and-personal-care sector. It has completed full-process qualification certifications and
                  established the foundation for long-term and stable supply. In terms of customer concentration, aggregate
                  sales from the top-five customers accounted for 15.5% of the Group’s total revenue during the reporting
                  period. The customer mix is relatively diversified, and the Group has no material dependence on any single
                  customer.

                  With the continuous advancement of integration progress, notable results have been achieved in upgrading
                  customer mix and expanding direct-sales channels. In the 1H2026, sales to trading-company customers of
                  the Group amounted to RMB1,044.2 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 40.4%; sales to global
                  end-user customers stood at RMB1,514.1 million, registering a substantial year-on-year increase of 800.5%
                  and accounting for 59.2% of total sales volume, representing a rise of 40.8 percentage points compared with
                  18.4% for the corresponding period of last year.




14
                                                               GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                2026 Interim Report


                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     The following table sets forth sales revenue by end-user customers and product category:

                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                    2026                                 2025
                                              RMB’000                   %          RMB’000                     %

     Trading company customers
       – Pearlescent effective
          pigments                             889,991               34.7           694,930                 76.2
       – Functional filler                      53,316                2.1            40,194                  4.4
       – Cosmetic actives                       91,571                3.6
       – Others                                  9,334                0.4              8,773                  1.0

                                             1,044,212               40.8           743,897                 81.6

     End-user customers
       – Pearlescent effective
          pigments                           1,211,725               47.4           156,195                 17.1
       – Functional filler                     116,076                4.5             8,841                  1.0
       – Cosmetic actives                      181,769                7.1             1,350                  0.1
       – Others                                  4,561                0.2             1,755                  0.2

                                             1,514,131               59.2           168,141                 18.4

     Total                                   2,558,343              100.0           912,038                100.0


3.   Continuous expansion of the depth and breadth of cooperation with core strategic customers

     In the 1H2026, the Group continued to deepen its strategic cooperation with core brands in sectors including
     leading maternal-and-infant-care brands and top-tier beauty brands. The scope of cooperation has extended
     from product supply to full-link dimensions such as joint research and development of new products,
     customisation of exclusive formulations and integrated supply of full-range product categories. Customer
     stickiness has been steadily enhanced and the competitive moat for direct-sales channels has been further
     consolidated. During the reporting period, sales contributed by strategic customers of the German business
     operation amounted to RMB387.8 million, accounting for 25.5% of its sales revenue. The proportion of
     high-end strategic customers has increased and cooperation has been continuously deepened.




                                                                                                               15
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



      (ii)   Upgrade of product-matrix structure underpinned by three material systems, and
             diversified-application expansion driven by technology platforms
             1.   Well-defined business architecture supporting in-depth deployment of products and application
                  scenarios

                  In the 1H2026, the Group continued to consolidate its core business architecture of “three core material
                  systems and one common-technology platform”. Its product matrix covers the high-end effect-material
                  and functional-pigment system centred on pearlescent effective pigments, the synthetic-mica-based
                  functional-substrate system, and the cosmetic-active-ingredient and personal-care functional-material system.
                  A common-technology platform for surface functionalisation and formulation applications spanning the three
                  systems has also been established, consolidating the technical foundation for product innovation and scenario
                  expansion.

                  During the reporting period, leveraging the aforesaid business architecture, the Group’s product matrix
                  accelerated its deployment toward high-value-added and diversified niche segments. The sales proportion
                  of high-gross-margin categories such as high-end automotive coatings, cosmetic active raw materials
                  and industrial functional materials rose steadily. Application scenarios have been extended to high-growth
                  tracks including beauty and personal care, precision optics, laser marking, new-energy products,
                  conductive materials and intelligent equipment, building diversified growth drivers for the Group’s steady
                  medium-and-long-term performance growth.

                  The following table sets forth the Group’s revenue by major product:

                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                  2026                                 2025
                                                            RMB’000                   %          RMB’000                   %

                  Pearlescent effective pigments           2,101,716               82.2           851,125                93.3
                  Cosmetic actives                           273,340               10.7                —                   —
                  Functional filler                          169,392                6.6            49,035                 5.4
                  Others                                      13,895                0.5            11,878                 1.3

                  Total                                    2,558,343              100.0           912,038              100.0

                  The pearlescent effective pigments remains the Group’s core revenue pillar. Its development boundary
                  is extending from traditional colour and lustre to appearance design, weather resistance and functional
                  performance. In the 1H2026, revenue generated by pearlescent effective pigments amounted to RMB2,101.7
                  million, accounting for 82.2% of sales revenue, representing an increase of RMB1,250.6 million or 146.9%
                  from revenue of RMB851.1 million for the 1H2025. The increase in sales revenue of pearlescent effective
                  pigments was mainly attributable to the consolidation of the German business operation by the Group during
                  the reporting period, which contributed RMB1,138.1 million. Excluding the consolidation effect, benefiting
                  from the capacity ramp-up of the Phase II of the Liuzhou Pearlescent-material Production Plant and the
                  robust demand from mid-to-high-end downstream applications such as automotive and industrial coatings,
                  the PRC and Korea business operations also achieved steady growth compared with the corresponding
                  period of last year.




16
                                                                 GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                 2026 Interim Report


                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     In the 1H2026, revenue generated by the Group’s cosmetic actives products amounted to RMB273.3
     million, accounting for 10.7% of sales revenue. It represented a new business operation arising from
     merger-and-acquisition integration during the reporting period, which further extended the Group’s product
     portfolio towards provision of efficacy and formulation value. All revenue of this segment was derived from the
     German business operation, whose core products cover global high-value-added markets with relatively high
     profit margins and prominent growth potential including sun protection, skin care and mosquito repellent.

     Synthetic mica serves as the underlying-material platform for the Group to enhance quality control,
     supply-security and application-innovation capabilities. In the 1H2026, revenue of functional filler stood at
     RMB169.4 million, accounting for 6.6% of sales revenue, representing an increase of RMB120.4 million or
     245.5% compared with revenue of RMB49.0 million for the 1H2025. Such growth was mainly attributable
     to revenue contribution of RMB107.7 million from the newly-consolidated German business operation.
     Excluding the consolidation effect, sales of synthetic-mica substrates of the PRC business operation also
     delivered organic growth due to capacity ramp-up and higher proportion of high-value-added products.

2.   Technology-empowered product innovation across multiple fields

     The Group has in-depth engagement in its core tracks, with multiple technology-led landmark new products
     successively launched, further consolidating its industry-leading technological edge and core product
     competitiveness. During the reporting period, the Group rolled out the world’s first PHOENIX robotic colour
     tool and the ROBO CHROMATICS humanoid-robot coating-colour system. It extended its years-accumulated
     industrial-grade precision colour-control technology to the humanoid-robot track and delivered systematic
     surface-performance solutions for emerging industries. In the high-performance-product segment,
     Xirallic® leopard-white pearlescent effective pigments has been globally launched. It optimises the relevant
     performance metrics of high-end silvery-white pigments and has secured indicative orders from multiple
     automotive-coating customers. In the beauty-ecosystem segment, the Group jointly released the “Cosmetic
     Colour Trend Forecast” report with BEAUTYSTREAMS, a globally authoritative beauty institution, unveiling
     six formulation-gamut trend directions for 2028 and providing full-link guidance for brands ranging from
     trend anticipation to formulation implementation.

3.   Consolidation of brand-pricing moat and orderly advancement of global cross-selling

     With the gradual realisation of integration-synergy effects, the Group’s product-pricing power and brand
     moat have been continuously consolidated. Cross-selling is promoted via multi-brand matrix to achieve
     mutual empowerment between technical strengths and global channels. During the reporting period,
     product-price optimisations were successively implemented by the PRC business operation, the Korea
     business operation and the German business operation. A new round of price-adjustment measures have
     been rolled out and taken effect, fully demonstrating the market recognition and pricing power of the
     Group’s mid-to-high-end products, and underpinning the steady improvement in profitability and continuous
     expansion of global-market share.

     As aforesaid, the Group’s synergistic sales have entered the substantive-implementation phase. Such
     synergistic-sales product portfolio covers three major sectors namely industrial applications, coatings
     and cosmetics. Among them, natural-mica-pigment products for industrial applications have secured
     the first batch of formal orders in core markets including Canada, the Republic of Korea, the United
     Kingdom, Romania, the United States, Italy, Peru and Poland; distribution-cooperation relationships have
     also been established in markets such as Turkiye and the United Arab Emirates. Sample submission and
     customer-qualification-certification work for the coating and cosmetics sectors are being steadily advanced
     across the globe.


                                                                                                                17
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



      (iii)   In-depth integration of the global intelligent-manufacturing production-and-supply system, enhancing
              supply-chain self-reliance, controllability and resilience
              1.   Operational resilience demonstrated by the globally-coordinated production network

                   Following the full integration of the production network of the German business operation, the Group has
                   established six manufacturing bases, six research-and-development centres and six application centres.
                   Outcomes from the integration and synergy of global production capacities and supply chains have been
                   gradually realised. In the 1H2026, the operational resilience of the integrated global production network
                   kept strengthening. The three production bases of the German business operation located in Gernsheim
                   of Germany, Savannah of the United States and Onahama of Japan maintained stable operations. Among
                   them, driven by the reactivation of idle assets, strategic incremental capital expenditure on equipment and
                   implementation of special projects for yield improvement, capacity-utilisation rates of the German base
                   and the Japanese base increased notably compared with the corresponding period of 2025. Phase II of
                   the Liuzhou Pearlescent-material Production Plant under the PRC business operation was at the critical
                   stage of capacity ramp-up, supporting sustained growth in product sales volume. During the reporting
                   period, large-scale domestic production capacities complemented high-end overseas precision production
                   capacities. While meeting diversified product demands across global markets, quick responses and mutual
                   capacity backup can be achieved in light of market fluctuations, safeguarding the stable operation of global
                   businesses.

                   Adopting the capacity-integration strategy of “local retention, interoperable standards and flexible
                   synergy”, the Group fully preserves the production processes, quality-control systems and local-operation
                   mechanisms of mature overseas plants. Meanwhile, it has built a cross-continental distributed supply-chain
                   network to realise unified scheduling and inter-connectivity of global production capacities. Flexible
                   cross-regional allocation and risk diversification have become routine operational capabilities, with
                   supply-chain resilience and response speed enhanced notably.

              2.   Accelerated integration of global supply-chain and logistics networks

                   In the 1H2026, centring on three core modules, namely optimisation of warehousing layout, co-ordination
                   of global freight and upgrade of direct-supply links, the Group phased in the construction of a unified
                   cross-continental logistics network. During the reporting period, the Group conducted orderly stock-taking
                   and assessment of regional warehousing networks to identify room for warehousing-network integration
                   and optimisation. Meanwhile, tendering for global-freight integration was initiated, and the configuration
                   of warehousing-distribution and freight networks was continuously optimised. This effectively reduced
                   the comprehensive logistics-and-warehousing rate and shortened end-user-delivery links, facilitating
                   continuous improvement in the operating-cost structure.

                   In respect of centralised supply-chain procurement, during the reporting period, the Group deepened the
                   co-ordination and integration of its global-procurement system. It leveraged group-wide procurement scale
                   to strengthen upstream bargaining power and lower comprehensive procurement costs of raw materials.
                   With the further deepening of global-operation synergy effects, the scope and coverage of centralised
                   procurement increased steadily, which is conducive to medium-and-long-term cost optimisation.




18
                                                                GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                               2026 Interim Report


                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



3.   Steady advancement in the deployment of self-reliant and controllable upstream supply chains

     At the upstream supply-chain end, the Group simultaneously advances self-reliance and controllability of
     core raw materials and deepens its upstream-resource deployment. In February 2026, the Hangzhou Tonglu
     Synthetic Mica Production Plant was successfully ignited for trial production. This plant is constructed
     in phases. Phase I is expected to deliver an annual capacity of 30,000 tonnes. The progress of plant
     construction and capacity ramp-up may be affected by engineering-construction works, production-line
     commissioning, yield improvement and changes in market demand, and there exists uncertainty in respect
     of actual progress. Upon full commissioning, this plant will deliver large-scale supply capacity for high-end
     synthetic mica. While securing the Group’s demand for core production substrates for pearlescent effective
     pigments, it will lay the capacity foundation for expanding synthetic-mica applications into emerging-market
     segments, strengthening the Group’s industrial-chain security safeguards.

     In June 2026, the Group formally set-up a branch office in the Republic of India through its subsidiaries.
     Leveraging local teams to tap into India’s emerging market and gain direct access to core natural-mica
     producing regions, the Group has enhanced quality control and cost optimisation for upstream-material
     procurement, improved market coverage across Asia-Pacific and localised-service capabilities for supply
     chains, and further completed the closed-loop industrial-value chain of the Group covering “raw-material
     end, manufacturing end and market end”.

4.   Tangible results from intelligent and lean upgrade of manufacturing system

     During the reporting period, the Group deepened the integrated application of intelligent manufacturing
     and AI technologies within its global production system, consolidating manufacturing competitiveness
     through digital upgrade. The production base under the Korea business operation has been accredited
     as a K-Smart Lighthouse Factory by the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy of the Republic of Korea,
     achieving an upgrade in intelligence level. It has effectively driven steady improvement in production yield
     and optimised manufacturing lead-time and labour-man-hours. Meanwhile, drawing on more than sixty
     years of process-data accumulation from the German business operation and large-scale operational-data
     accumulation from domestic production bases, the Group has built an industry-leading professional
     database for pearlescent-effect materials. A vertical-domain AI-application system covering the full links
     of research-and-development formulation design, production-process optimisation and quality-control
     management has also been deployed, forming a data-driven closed-loop for research-and-production
     collaboration. The Group has launched the Instrumental Colour Release system, transforming the traditional
     colour-acceptance quality-control procedures relying on manual judgement into colour-data specifications
     that can be accurately identified, compared and retrieved by digital systems. It establishes general-purpose
     digital interfaces for effect-pigment products compatible with AI-aided design tools, facilitating the deep
     integration of products into emerging-industry ecosystems such as downstream AI-driven colour design
     and intelligent coating.




                                                                                                              19
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



      (iv)   Continuous upgrade of collaborative-governance system to build solid underpinnings for
             global-operation activities
             1.   Clear differentiation-and-complementation strategy for the three major brands

                  The Group is steadily advancing its transformation into a global platform-based enterprise and has
                  established a strategic layout featuring the synergy of three core brands namely “Chesir, Susonity and
                  CQV”. It has evolved into a global platform for surface-performance materials and application solutions
                  covering full product categories and tiers. The differentiated-strategy matrix for the three major brands
                  has been clearly implemented and the collaborative-operation system has become increasingly mature.
                  Susonity serves as the Group’s high-end core platform, underpinning global core customers, cutting-edge
                  technologies, brand credibility and quality-control systems. CQV builds a differentiated platform for
                  mid-to-high-end effect materials and flaky alumina targeting the Republic of Korea and selected Asia-Pacific
                  markets. Chesir consolidates its position as the global leader for mass-market pearlescent-effect materials,
                  stabilising business operations and cash-flow sources and giving play to large-scale manufacturing
                  advantages.

                  To ensure efficient multi-brand synergy, the Group has set up a governance architecture and
                  decision-making mechanism of “relative brand independence, mutual capability synergy and unified
                  group-wide co-ordination”. At group level, strategic planning, resource allocation and coordination of
                  key customers are co-ordinated, whilst each business entity retains independent brand-operation and
                  local-management authority. Synergy channels for technology sharing, capacity scheduling and channel
                  reuse have been opened up across the full links of research-and-development, production and sales. A
                  sound internal-competition-avoidance mechanism has also been established. Internal mechanisms including
                  clear brand positioning, product-portfolio management, tiered-customer management, quotation-authority
                  management and recognition of synergy benefits are adopted to mitigate internal competition and resource
                  consumption.

             2.   Strengthening of team building and support system underpinned by human resources

                  Upon completion of the acquisition of German business operation, the Group gave priority to ensuring
                  smooth transition of overseas teams and seamless continuity of customer services. The local core
                  team of the German business operation was retained. During the reporting period, staffing levels at the
                  production base in Gernsheim of Germany and the Innovation and Application Centre in Höchst of Frankfurt
                  were significantly expanded. The headcount of global employees under the German business operation
                  achieved net growth compared with the initial stage of the Acquisition, building a talent moat underpinning
                  global-operation activities.

                  Meanwhile, the Group regards international core talents as one of the key strategic assets for
                  merger-and-acquisition integration. It continues to advance the development of talent systems and
                  implementation of support mechanisms. Differentiated long-term incentive and performance-alignment
                  schemes have been rolled out in light of business characteristics of respective regions to galvanise
                  the vitality of core teams. During the reporting period, the Group organised business and technical
                  exchanges among operating entities, promoting cross-regional sharing and reuse of production processes,
                  research-and-development experience and customer-service capabilities, and deepening team-synergy
                  effects.




20
                                                                    GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                   2026 Interim Report


                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



(v)   In-depth advancement of global research-and-development deployment and accelerated formation of
      production-and-research integrated closed-loop
      1.   Official commissioning of the Frankfurt Innovation and Application Centre and continuous increase in
           technology investment

           The Group adheres to technological innovation as its core growth driver. Leveraging the
           surface-functionalisation and formulation-application technology platform spanning its three major
           product systems, the Group deepens its global research-and-development and application network and
           keeps scaling up research-and-development investment. It focuses on core directions including core base
           materials, high-end effect pigments and functional raw materials, and builds up technological reserves for
           emerging-application tracks. In the 1H2026, the Group’s research-and-development expenditure amounted
           to RMB80.6 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 121.0% and accounting for 3.2% of revenue. The
           technological moat kept widening and platform-related competitive edges were continuously consolidated.

           The Group further deepens its full-chain innovation system of “base-material research-and-development,
           surface-functional modification and end-product formulation adaptation”. Global research-and-development
           resources and capabilities are integrated to promote cross-regional synergy and efficient sharing
           of technologies, talents and deliverables. On 26 June 2026, the Frankfurt Innovation and Application
           Centre of the German business operation was officially completed and commissioned at the Höchst
           Industrial Park. It constitutes a landmark milestone in the construction of the Group’s global
           research-and-development system, signifying the completion of systematic centralised integration of
           Germany-based research-and-development and customer-service systems. As at this point, the Group
           has established a global innovation-and-application network with Frankfurt of Germany as the European
           hub interconnected with major regional centres in the Americas and Asia. A complete closed-loop ranging
           from laboratory-based technological research-and-development to market-oriented practical application
           has been formed. The integrated innovation model of “global research-and-development with regional
           commercialisation” is consolidated, bringing about notable improvement in research-and-development
           efficiency and speed of commercial implementation.




                                                                                                                  21
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



            2.    Landmark breakthroughs and industry recognition in technological innovation and
                  intellectual-property-rights field

                  In the 1H2026, the Group achieved multiple industry-relevant and milestone outcomes in technological innovation
                  and intellectual-property-rights. As of the end of the reporting period, the Group held a total of 462 valid patents
                  and nearly 40 pending patent applications, covering the complete chain ranging from base-material formulation,
                  smelting equipment and crystal control to surface modification and end-use applications. The Group’s subsidiary,
                  Guangxi Chesir Pearl Material Co., Ltd., was selected as a creation entity for national intellectual-property-rights
                  demonstration enterprises for 2025-2027 by the National Intellectual Property Administration of the PRC,
                  signifying that the Group’s intellectual-property-rights work has entered the national-level demonstration tier.
                  In respect of product pipelines, in May 2026, the project “Development of make-up-lasting cosmetic-grade
                  synthetic-mica powder”, jointly completed by the Group’s subsidiaries, namely Zhejiang Hongzun Technology
                  Co., Ltd., Guangxi Chesir Pearl Material Co., Ltd. and Luzhai Chesir Pearl Mica Material Co., Ltd., passed the
                  scientific-and-technological-achievement evaluation organised by Zhongke Hechuang. It was appraised by an
                  authoritative expert panel as being at the “domestically leading and internationally advanced” level, further
                  consolidating the Group’s technological reserves in the field of high-end cosmetic materials. Drawing on its
                  proprietary effect-pigment and patented core printing technologies, the German business operation participated
                  in-depth in the STELLA conceptual-banknote project of Bundesdruckerei. This project won the Grand Award
                  under the “Best Specimen Banknote” category at the 2026 Excellence in Currency Awards of International
                  Association for Currency Affairs (IACA), further strengthening the Group’s industry influence in the global
                  high-security printing sector.

                  Going forward, the Group will maintain a steady pace of research-and-development investment and deepen
                  global research-and-development synergy. It will give full play to the radiating role of the Frankfurt Innovation
                  and Application Centre as the European hub, and continuously focus on three core research-and-development
                  directions namely upgrading of core-material technologies, expansion into high-value-added application tracks
                  and full-link deployment of digital and AI technologies. Core-product technological competitiveness will be
                  enhanced to drive the commercialisation of more research-and-development deliverables. In-depth technological
                  development underpins the long-term high-quality development of the Group’s global platform.

OUTLOOK AND FUTURE STRATEGIES
I.    Operation environment and overall judgement
      Looking ahead to the second half of 2026, uncertainties persist over the recovery of the global economy and
      manufacturing industries. Geopolitics, trade policies, exchange-rate fluctuations and logistics volatility may continue
      to affect customers’ procurement rhythm and cross-border supply chains. Meanwhile, downstream markets are
      accelerating their upgrade towards differentiation, functionalisation, safety compliance and sustainability, bringing
      structural opportunities for material enterprises with technological accumulation, global-service capabilities and
      stable-delivery capacity.

      Following the completion of the acquisition of the German business operation on 31 July 2025, the current reporting
      period represents the first full-half-year operating cycle of the Group after establishing its footprint spanning Asia,
      Europe and the Americas. At the current stage, the key to development lies no longer merely in revenue scale or
      geographical coverage, but in maintaining continuity of customers and businesses, and translating global technologies,
      brands, production capacities and channels into steady profitability, operating cash flows and reasonable returns on
      capital.




22
                                                                       GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                        2026 Interim Report


                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Going forward, the Group will shift from expanding asset boundaries to enhancing the operating efficiency, synergy
capabilities and capital returns of global assets.

(i)   Consolidation of the three major product systems and common-technology platform

      The Group takes building a global platform for surface-performance materials and application solutions as its
      long-term direction, continuously consolidates three core product systems of pearlescent effective pigments,
      synthetic mica and cosmetic active materials, and adopts surface-functionalisation and formulation-application
      capabilities as the common-technology platform, focusing on serving high-value applications including automotive
      and industrial coatings, cosmetics and personal care, electronics and electrical appliances, and new-energy
      sectors.

      •    Pearlescent effective pigments: Upgrade from visual-effect-oriented to comprehensive-performance-oriented

           Pearlescent effective pigments remain an important source of revenue and customer base for the Group.
           Their development boundaries are extending from traditional colour and lustre to appearance design,
           weather resistance and functional properties. Drawing on multiple base materials including natural mica,
           synthetic mica, glass, alumina, silica and metals, as well as brand and technological reserves such as
           Xirallic® and Colorstream®, the Group will continuously enrich its differentiated product portfolio for colours,
           textures and functionalities, and increase the proportion of high-value applications in automotive coatings,
           industrial coatings, high-end cosmetics and other sectors. Growth priorities under this system will shift
           from boosting the volume of single-type products to penetration of high-end products, certification by key
           customers and capabilities for application solutions. Research-and-development and market-relevant
           investments will be measured by the revenue conversion of new products, mass-production of projects and
           quality of customer contributions.

      •    Synthetic mica: Extension from core base material to functional-material platform

           Synthetic mica serves not only as an important base material for high-end pearlescent effective pigments,
           but also as the underlying material platform for the Group to enhance its capabilities in quality control,
           supply-chain security and application-oriented innovation. Through continuous improvement of crystal
           quality, particle-size control, purity, stability and surface-functionalisation capabilities, the Group will
           consolidate the application of synthetic mica in high-end effect-relevant materials and prudently expand into
           applications relating to functional filler, electrical insulation, high-temperature resistance and new-energy
           sectors. The Hangzhou Tonglu Synthetic Mica Production Plant with an annual output capacity of 100,000
           tonnes was ignited for trial production in February 2026. Going forward, priorities will be placed on process
           optimisation, capacity ramp-up, customer validation and order conversion. Capacity-related advantages will
           be translated into consistent quality, large-volume delivery, profits and cash flows, and the self-supply of
           the Group’s core base materials as well as the resilience of its global supply chain will be strengthened.




                                                                                                                       23
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



             •    Cosmetic active materials: Extension from visual-expression-oriented to efficacy-value-oriented

                  Cosmetic active materials enable the Group to extend its offering from colours and textures further to
                  efficacy-relevant and formulation-oriented value. The Group’s existing product portfolio covers categories
                  including cosmetic-grade effect materials, functional filler, active ingredients, UV-filtering agents and
                  mosquito-repellent ingredients, which can cater for functional requirements such as sun protection,
                  moisturisation and repair, personal protection and other relevant purposes. This system shares part of
                  global customers, sales channels, quality-and-regulatory systems and application-testing resources with
                  the existing effect-pigment-relevant business, and is characterised by stringent certification requirements,
                  relatively long cooperation cycles and recurring purchases. The Group will promote product-portfolio
                  synergy, cross-selling to key customers, regional registration compliance and development of application
                  solutions, so that this segment will gradually evolve into an important component of high-value-added and
                  knowledge-intensive growth.

             •    Surface functionalisation: The technology platform underpinning the three major systems

                  Surface-functionalisation does not constitute a standalone fourth product category, but serves as a
                  common-technology platform running through the three major product systems. Via surface coating,
                  modification and end-product formulation adaptation, the weather resistance, dispersibility, compatibility,
                  skin feel and application stability of materials can be enhanced, enabling the same base material to be
                  adopted by different customer systems and deployed in higher-value-added scenarios. The Group will
                  refine its full-chain innovation system of “base-material research-and-development, surface-functional
                  modification and end-product formulation adaptation”, drive synergy among research-and-development and
                  application resources across different regions, and measure its commercial value by reference to the speed
                  of customer certification, product premium, repeat purchases and large-scale orders.

      (ii)   Strengthening deployment in automotive and new-energy-vehicle applications

             Automotive-relevant applications represent an important source of revenue for the Group and constitute a key
             market for testing material technologies, quality consistency and global-service capabilities. Certification cycles
             for automotive-coating projects are relatively long with stringent requirements for performance and stability,
             and supply continuity is generally strong upon project onboarding. With rising consumer demand for vehicle body
             colours, textures and personalised expression, together with accelerated product iteration by new-energy-vehicle
             brands, the automotive business will continue to act as a key enabler for the Group’s product premiumisation,
             optimisation of customer mix and brand enhancement.




24
                                                                         GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                         2026 Interim Report


                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



        •    Advancing conversion of global automotive projects

              The Group will leverage the Xirallic® series as well as effect materials based on multiple substrates
              including alumina and synthetic mica to develop products centred on high weather resistance, differentiated
              colour tones and application stability. It will integrate the global customer network for automotive coatings
              of the German business operation, special-substrate and colour-technology expertise of the Korean business
              operation, and large-scale manufacturing capacity of the PRC business operation to drive joint development,
              customer testing, regional certification and mass-volume delivery, and expand coverage of international
              automotive-coating enterprises, global original-equipment-manufacturer brands, and mainstream and
              new-energy-vehicle original-equipment manufacturers in the PRC. The performance of the automotive
              business will be measured by key-customer and model onboarding, conversion from certification to mass
              production, cross-regional orders, delivery performance and quality of payment collection.

(iii)   Deepening global integration and synergy

        Completion of the transaction and financial consolidation marks merely the starting point of integration. The
        Group will prioritise customer stability and business continuity. On the basis of ensuring quality, delivery, safety
        and compliance, it will advance the alignment between the German business operation and existing businesses in
        commercial, research-and-development, supply-chain, production and management aspects. The synthetic-mica
        resources and large-scale manufacturing capacity of the PRC business operation, the special-substrate expertise
        and flexible-production capabilities of the Korean business operation, as well as the international brands,
        proprietary technologies and global-customer network of the German business division are complementary to
        one another. The Group will foster a global operating system whereby “high-end customisation, special-purpose
        applications and large-scale manufacturing” mutually reinforce one another.

        On the market front, the Group will take automotive and new-energy-vehicle sectors as priority synergy scenarios,
        and promote joint development and cross-selling for industries including industrial coatings, cosmetics and
        personal care, plastics and printing sectors. On the supply-chain front, it will optimise procurement, capacity
        division of labour, inventory levels and logistics in light of customer requirements, cost considerations, trade
        environment and delivery radius. On the management front, it will gradually unify key operating data and
        risk-control requirements. Newly-secured orders, customer retention, on-time delivery, product mix, turnover
        efficiency and operating cash flows shall serve as the primary metrics for assessing integration value.

(iv)    Enhancing operating quality and capital returns

        The Group will establish mechanisms for research-and-development project screening and phased evaluation
        centred on the three major product systems. It will drive earlier-stage synergy among research-and-development,
        application, production and supply-chain functions around customer scenarios, so as to improve efficiency
        from technical conception to customer validation and mass-volume delivery. For cutting-edge directions yet to
        complete technical and market validation, steady progress will be made mainly through customer co-creation,
        joint research-and-development or small-scale trials to control industrialisation risks.




                                                                                                                        25
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



            With the gradual establishment of the global production network and newly-added production capacities, the
            Group will shift from capacity expansion to improving capacity utilisation, quality stability, supply-chain resilience
            and asset returns, and strengthen management over gross profit and expenses, trade receivables, inventories,
            procurement, capital expenditure and operating cash flows. For each newly-added production capacity, product
            project and market-relevant investment, three questions shall be addressed: whether customers will continuously
            choose the Group, whether growth will generate operating cash flows, and whether invested capital can achieve
            reasonable returns.

            •     Steadily advancing external development

                  The Group will prudently manage debt maturities, financing costs, interest-rate risks and foreign-exchange
                  risks, reasonably arrange onshore and offshore funds as well as capital expenditure, and maintain requisite
                  liquidity and financial flexibility. As of the date of this announcement, the Company is proceeding with work
                  in relation to the proposed acquisition of controlling stake in Jihua Group in accordance with the disclosed
                  arrangements. Completion of the transaction remains subject to the satisfaction of relevant pre-conditions,
                  shareholders’ approval and completion of necessary procedures. The Group does not presuppose that the
                  transaction will necessarily generate immediate synergies. If the transaction is completed, it will strengthen
                  corporate governance, fund security, risk isolation and operational alignment on the basis of maintaining
                  business continuity and team stability, and assess its long-term value by reference to operational
                  improvement, cash flows and capital returns.

II.   Key work priorities for the next phase
      Based on the foregoing assessments, the Group will focus on advancing the following work in the next phase:

      Firstly, consolidate customer bases, product quality and delivery performance, continuously push forward
      the integration of the German business operation, and improve the synergy efficiency of global commercial,
      research-and-development, supply-chain and management functions;

      Secondly, optimise the product portfolio centred on the three major product systems, enhance product performance
      and application value via the surface-functionalisation platform, and accelerate certification and commercialisation with
      automotive and new-energy-vehicle sectors as priority scenarios;

      Thirdly, drive steady capacity ramp-up for synthetic mica and other newly-added production capacities, and convert
      process improvements, production capacities and customer validation into orders, profits and cash flows;

      Fourthly, optimise global capacity division of labour, procurement, inventory levels and logistics, and strengthen
      management over trade receivables, capital expenditure, assets and liabilities, as well as financing costs; and

      Lastly, prudently advance the transaction relating to Jihua Group subject to the satisfaction of pre-conditions and
      regulatory requirements, and refine the global governance, talent, compliance and risk-management systems.

      The Group maintains confidence in the long-term development of global surface-performance materials and
      high-value-added applications. The management will adhere to a prudent, pragmatic and result-oriented approach,
      convert global technological, customer, production-capacity and brand resources into sustainable operating outcomes,
      and deliver long-term value for shareholders.




26
                                                                                                     GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                          2026 Interim Report


                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



        Statements concerning the Group’s future operating environment, industry trends, development strategies,
        capacity progress and integration outcomes set forth in this section and other parts of this interim report constitute
        forward-looking statements. They reflect only the management’s current judgements as of the date of this interim
        report and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from such
        forward-looking statements due to factors including macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, trade and tariff
        policies, foreign-exchange and interest-rate fluctuations, industry competition, progress of customer certification,
        execution of merger-and-acquisition integration and changes in regulatory policies. Save as otherwise required by
        applicable laws and The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
        “Listing Rules”), the Group assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.

USE OF THE NET PROCEEDS
Use of the net proceeds from the issue of the 2026 Convertible Bonds
On 15 December 2025, the Company and The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited and Deutsche Bank AG,
Hong Kong Branch (the “Managers”) entered into the subscription agreement (the “Subscription Agreement”), pursuant
to which the Company has agreed to issue, and the Managers have conditionally agreed to subscribe and pay for, or to
procure subscribers to subscribe and pay for, the HKD-denominated convertible bonds (the “2026 Convertible Bonds”) in an
aggregate principal amount of HK$1.0 billion. The 2026 Convertible Bonds have an initial conversion price of HK$10.19 per
Share and are convertible into the maximum of 98,135,410 Shares. The closing price of the Shares on 15 December 2025,
being the date on which the terms of the Subscription Agreement were fixed, was HK$9.48 per Share. The amount of the
net proceeds received by the Company from the issue of the 2026 Convertible Bonds amounted to HK$981.0 million. Further
details of the 2026 Convertible Bonds are disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 15 December 2025.

On 6 January 2026, the Company completed the issue of the 2026 Convertible Bonds in the principal amount of HK$1.0 billion
to the subscribers. The amount of the net proceeds received by the Company from the issue of the 2026 Convertible Bonds
amounted to HK$981.0 million. Further details of which are disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 6 January
2026.

The table below sets forth the intended use of the net proceeds from issue of the 2026 Convertible Bond and the actual
utilisation amount for the 1H2026:

                                              Allocation of the
                                                  net proceeds
                                                from the issue
                                                    of the 2026    Percentage                                  Amount        Remaining
                                                   Convertible      to the total     Balance as of       utilised up to   balance as of       Expected timeline
 Prescribed usage                                        Bonds    net proceeds     6 January 2026        30 June 2026     30 June 2026      for the intended use
                                                   HK$’ million               %       HK$’ million        HK$’ million     HK$’ million

Replenishment of the working capital                     392.4             40.0             392.4                392.4               —                  Utilised
  required for the consolidation of the
  core business operations of the Group
  and the Worldwide Business
Refinance the Group’s existing indebtedness              392.4             40.0             392.4                392.4               —                  Utilised
The Group’s general corporate purposes                   196.2             20.0             196.2                196.2               —                  Utilised

Total                                                    981.0           100.0              981.0                981.0               —

The net proceeds from the issue of the 2026 Convertible Bond have been fully utilised in the 1H2026.




                                                                                                                                                            27
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board has decided not to declare and pay any interim dividend for the 1H2026 (1H2025: Nil).

LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
Liquidity and indebtedness
The Group’s business operation is generally financed by its internal financial resources and bank borrowings.

As of 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the bank and cash balances amounted to RMB4,631.8 million and RMB3,748.9
million, respectively. These balances were maintained at a prudent level for the purpose of satisfying the requirements for
daily business operations of the Group and the Hangzhou Tonglu Synthetic Mica Production Plant. The increase in the bank
and cash balances as of 30 June 2026 was mainly due to cash generated from operating activities and the increase in bank
loans and other borrowings.

As of 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the bank loans and other borrowings amounted to RMB7,253.2 million and
RMB7,489.2 million, respectively. The decrease in borrowings was attributable to the repayments of bank loans and other
borrowings of RMB979.0 million, and exchange differences of RMB249.4 million which reduced the carrying amount of
borrowings, partially offset by the new bank loans and other borrowings of RMB992.4 million obtained during the first half of
2026.

As of 30 June 2026, the Group had borrowing from related company of RMB36.2 million (31 December 2025: RMB68.4 million).

As of 30 June 2026, the Group had a liability component of the convertible bonds of RMB1,228.1 million (31 December 2025:
RMB412.6 million).

As of 30 June 2026, the Group’s portion of bonds payable amounted to RMB193.7 million (31 December 2025: Nil).

Gearing ratio
The gearing ratio (calculated as total interest-bearing borrowings divided by total assets) of the Group was 57.7% as of 30
June 2026 (31 December 2025: 56.8%). The increase in the gearing ratio was mainly due to the increase of convertible bonds
and bonds payable.

Net asset value
As of 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the net assets of the Group amounted to RMB4,481.5 million and RMB4,473.5
million, respectively. Net asset value per Share contributed to owners of the Company as of 30 June 2026 amounted to
RMB2.50, as compared to RMB2.54 as of 31 December 2025.

Pledge of assets
As of 30 June 2026, certain property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and patents with aggregate net book value of
RMB1,605.9 million, as compared to RMB2,370.7 million as of 31 December 2025, were pledged to financial institutions as
collaterals for bank and other borrowings.

As of 30 June 2026, the restricted deposits and restricted bank deposits pledged as security for the Group’s banking facility
amounted to RMB31.0 million (31 December 2025: RMB218.6 million).




28
                                                                              GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                              2026 Interim Report


                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



CAPITAL STRUCTURE
In the 1H2026, there has been no material change in the capital structure of the Company.

The capital of the members of the Group comprises ordinary shares. Information about the share options of the Company and
details of changes in the share options granted by the Company for the 1H2026 is set forth in the paragraph under “Share
Option Scheme” below.

As of 30 June 2026, the Company had issued:

(i)    the Tranche A Convertible Bond in an aggregate principal amount of RMB300.0 million on 30 December 2022. Such
       convertible bond has an initial conversion price of HK$7.6 per share and are convertible into the maximum of 43,815,789
       shares of the Company; and

(ii)   the 2026 Convertible Bonds in an aggregate principal amount of HK$1.0 billion on 6 January 2026. Such convertible
       bonds have an initial conversion price of HK$10.19 per share and are convertible into the maximum of 98,135,410
       shares of the Company.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURE AND COMMITMENTS
Capital commitments represent the amount of capital expenditure contracted for as of a particular date but not yet incurred.
As of 30 June 2026, the capital commitments amounted to RMB2,092.1 million (31 December 2025: RMB932.0 million),
which represent the consideration of the proposed transaction, as well as the commitments to purchase property, plant and
equipment including in relation to (a) the modifications and expansions of the Phase 1 Production Plant; (b) the construction of
the Phase 2 Production Plant and the Luzhai Synthetic Mica Plant; (c) the Hangzhou Tonglu Synthetic Mica Production Plant;
and (d) projects such as the ERP overhaul for the global Surface Solutions Business. It is estimated that the said commitments
will be financed by internal resources and external financing.

FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE
The Group primarily operates in the PRC, Germany and Korea different business units through acquisition. Most of the Group’s
business transactions, assets and liabilities are denominated in Renminbi, Euro, US$ and Korean Won. Hence, the Group
is exposed to foreign currency risks primarily in respect of transactions denominated in different currencies. To efficiently
and effectively manage these risks, the Group’s financing and treasury activities are co-ordinated at the corporate level. As
a matter of policy, the management of the Group regularly and closely monitors the Group’s foreign currency exposure and
considers hedging against significant foreign currency exposure should there be any likely and significant foreign exchange
risks arising from the performances of contracts or the financial position of the Group as a whole. In the 1H2026, the Group
was not engaged in any hedging activities on foreign currency risks, as the Directors are of the opinion that the related foreign
currency risks affecting the Group’s operations or liquidity and is manageable.




                                                                                                                             29
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT, MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL
On 2 February 2026, a limited partnership agreement (“Junheng LLP Agreement”) entered into between Shenzhen
Chesir Pearl Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shenzhen Chesir”), a limited liability company established in the PRC and a wholly-
owned subsidiary of the Company, acting as the general partner and Tonglu Liuan Equity Investment Partnership (Limited
Partnership) (“Hongzun LLP”), a limited partnership established in the PRC, acting as the limited partner, to establish Tonglu
Junheng Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Junheng LLP”) for the purpose of proposed acquisition (the
“Acquisition”) of the 202,308,716 shares (the “JH Sale Shares”) in issue of Zhejiang Jihua Group Co., Ltd. (“Zhejiang Jihua”),
a joint stock limited liability company established in the PRC, with its shares currently listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
(Stock code: 603980) by Junheng LLP from the Hangzhou Jinhui Electromechanical Equipment Co., Ltd. (“Hangzhou Jinhui”)
and Mr. Shao Hui (collectively, the “Vendors”).

On 6 February 2026, the conditional share transfer agreement (“Share Transfer Agreement”) entered into between Junheng
LLP, as the purchaser, has conditionally agreed to purchase, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent, and and
the Vendors, as the vendors, have conditionally agreed to sell, the JH Sale Shares.

On 7 May 2026, an option agreement (the “Option Agreement”) has been entered into between the Company, being the grantor
of the put option (the “Put Option”) and the grantee of the call option (the “Call Option”), Hongzun LLP, being the grantee of
the Put Option and the grantor of the Call Option; and Hongzun Investment, being the limited partner of Hongzun LLP that
owns 99% of its interest, whereby (a) the Put Option has been granted by the Company to Hongzun LLP, pursuant to which
Hongzun LLP will be entitled to sell, and the Company will acquire, 60% interest in Junheng LLP at the option price and (b) the
Call Option has been granted by Hongzun LLP to the Company, pursuant to which the Company will be entitled to acquire, and
Hongzun LLP will sell, 60% interest in Junheng LLP at the option price.

On 16 July 2026, a supplemental agreement (the “Supplemental Agreement”) entered into between the Vendors and Junheng
LLP pursuant to which the parties thereunder have agreed on additional terms and conditions after the Group has completed
the due diligence on the Zhejiang Jihua and its subsidiaries.

On 6 August 2026, a second supplemental agreement (the “Second Supplemental Agreement”) entered into between the
Vendors and Junheng LLP for amendments of certain terms under the Share Transfer Agreement and incorporation of certain
new terms. Pursuant to the Second Supplemental Agreement, Junheng LLP agreed to purchase, and the Vendors agreed
to sell, an aggregate of 202,308,616 JH Sale Shares, representing 29.89% of the issued share capital of Zhejiang Jihua, as
opposed to 202,308,716 JH Sale Shares (i.e. the original total number of JH Sale Shares) as set forth in the Share Transfer
Agreement.

Further details of the above events are disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated 6 February 2026, 11 February
2026, 27 March 2026, 30 June 2026, 17 July 2026 and 7 August 2026.

Save as disclosed above, the Group did not have any significant investment, material acquisition or disposal for the 1H2026.




30
                                                                                             GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                    2026 Interim Report


                                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
Employees’ contribution and support are valuable to the business development of the Group. The Group would regularly
review the employees’ compensation and benefits packages to reward and recognise those with outstanding performance.
Other fringe benefits, such as employees’ provident fund and share options, if applicable, are provided to attract and retain
talents helping the Group in success.

As of 30 June 2026, the Group had a total of 2,265 employees: 854 in the PRC, 747 in Germany, 204 in Korea, 187 in Japan, 140
in the United States and 1331 in other countries and regions (31 December 2025: the Group had a total of 2,111 employees:
761 in the PRC, 700 in Germany, 201 in Korea, 182 in Japan, 144 in the United States and 123 in other countries and regions).
The Group encourages high productivity and remunerates its employees based on their qualifications, work experience,
prevailing market rates and individual contribution to the Group. Incentives in the form of bonuses and share options may also
be offered to eligible employees based on individual performance. Pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, the Group has
(a) participated in relevant defined contribution retirement schemes administered by responsible government authorities in
the PRC for its employees there; (b) participated in defined benefit and defined contribution retirement pension plans in Korea
for its employees there; (c) provided the required social security and retirement contribution to employees in Europe and
other countries; and (d) provided a mandatory provident fund scheme to employees in Hong Kong.

SUBSEQUENT EVENT
Save as disclosed in the paragraphs under “Significant Investment, Material Acquisition and Disposal”, there was no
significant event affecting the Group which occurred after 30 June 2026 and up to the date of this interim report.




1
     The 133 employees are located in Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, India, France, the United Kingdom, Italy, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Poland, Spain,
     Brazil and Mexico, etc.




                                                                                                                                                      31
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


INDEPENDENT REVIEW REPORT




TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

INTRODUCTION
We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 34 to 56 which comprises the condensed consolidated
statement of financial position of Global New Material International Holdings Limited (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries
as at 30 June 2026 and the related condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss, condensed consolidated statement
of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed
consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and selected explanatory notes. The Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on
interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and International Accounting Standard
34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“IAS 34”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”). The directors
are responsible for the preparation and presentation of this interim financial information in accordance with IAS 34. Our
responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim financial information based on our review and to report our conclusion
solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

SCOPE OF REVIEW
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of
persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is
substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently
does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an
audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.




32
                                                                            GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                           2026 Interim Report


                                                                       INDEPENDENT REVIEW REPORT



CONCLUSION
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information is not
prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34.




RSM Hong Kong
Certified Public Accountants
29th Floor, Lee Garden Two, 28 Yun Ping Road, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong

28 August 2026




                                                                                                                          33
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                                Unaudited
                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                 Notes       2026            2025
                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000

Revenue                                                           4       2,558,343          912,038
Cost of goods sold                                                       (1,568,676)        (432,211)
Sales related tax and auxiliary charges                                     (11,931)          (5,882)

Gross profit                                                                977,736         473,945
Other income, other gains and losses                                        134,960          (8,115)
(Impairment)/reversal of impairment losses on trade, bills and
   other receivables, net                                                      (897)           2,065
Selling expenses                                                           (425,390)         (54,436)
Administrative and other operating expenses                                (403,527)        (120,946)

Profit from operations                                                      282,882          292,513
Finance costs                                                              (293,543)        (144,648)

(Loss)/profit before tax                                                    (10,661)        147,865
Income tax expense                                                5         (82,701)        (48,237)

(Loss)/profit for the period                                      6         (93,362)          99,628

Attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                      (133,894)          62,198
Non-controlling interests                                                    40,532           37,430

                                                                            (93,362)          99,628

(Loss)/earnings per share                                         8
– Basic (RMB)                                                                  (0.11)           0.05

– Diluted (RMB)                                                                (0.11)           0.05




34
                                                                  GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                  2026 Interim Report


          CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
 PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2026


                                                                                          Unaudited
                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                        2026               2025
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000

(Loss)/profit for the period                                                           (93,362)             99,628

Other comprehensive income:
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Remeasurement gains on defined benefit pension plan, net of tax                         15,643                  19

Item that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                                 (28,974)             23,346

Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                                  (13,331)             23,365

Total comprehensive income for the period                                             (106,693)            122,993

Attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                               (121,908)             71,704
  Non-controlling interests                                                             15,215              51,289

                                                                                      (106,693)            122,993




                                                                                                                 35
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
At 30 June 2026




                                                             Unaudited         Audited
                                                                  As at          As at
                                                               30 June    31 December
                                                     Notes        2026           2025
                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000

ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                         9       4,245,257      4,044,521
Right-of-use assets                                   10        612,621        667,464
Intangible assets                                               701,358        661,655
Prepayments for construction in progress              11         96,296        113,332
Goodwill                                                      1,241,075      1,317,700
Restricted deposits                                              41,624         33,847
Defined benefit assets, net                                       4,906          3,053
Deposits and other receivables                                   68,087         56,338
Escrow deposit                                        12        100,019             —
Long term time deposit                                               —          50,000
Deferred tax assets                                              10,060         18,606

Total non-current assets                                      7,121,303      6,966,516

Current assets
Inventories                                                   2,173,845      2,322,651
Trade and bills receivables                           14      1,182,435      1,078,297
Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                     549,721        496,932
Tax recoverable                                                   4,450          3,042
Restricted bank deposit                               13         93,562        184,754
Short term time deposit                                          50,000             —
Bank and cash balances                                        4,631,775      3,748,921

Total current assets                                          8,685,788      7,834,597

TOTAL ASSETS                                                 15,807,091     14,801,113




36
                                                                           GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                            2026 Interim Report


           CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                              At 30 June 2026




                                                                                               Unaudited            Audited
                                                                                                    As at             As at
                                                                                                 30 June       31 December
                                                                               Notes                2026              2025
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity attributable to owners of the Company
Share capital                                                                   19               104,530             103,701
Reserves                                                                                       3,018,017           3,048,026

                                                                                               3,122,547           3,151,727
Non-controlling interests                                                                      1,358,957           1,321,744

Total equity                                                                                   4,481,504           4,473,471

LIABILITIES
Non-current liabilities
Bank loans and other borrowings                                                 15             5,182,611           5,065,192
Loan from a related company                                                                       36,233              68,430
Lease liabilities                                                                                352,104             391,959
Other payables                                                                                    45,739              60,954
Deferred revenue                                                                                 113,525             107,494
Defined benefit liabilities, net                                                                 293,420             312,905
Provisions                                                                                       103,944             106,071
Bond payable                                                                    18               193,735                  —
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                         113,242             123,956

Total non-current liabilities                                                                  6,434,553           6,236,961

Current liabilities
Bank loans and other borrowings                                                 15             2,070,573           2,423,972
Convertible bonds                                                               16             1,228,139             412,610
Derivative component of convertible bonds                                       16                36,217              38,114
Lease liabilities                                                                                 51,282              50,272
Trade payables                                                                  17               386,839             376,767
Accruals and other payables                                                                      939,314             627,908
Provisions                                                                                        86,009              98,828
Contract liabilities                                                                              24,133              14,696
Deferred revenue                                                                                     829               1,021
Current tax liabilities                                                                           67,699              46,493

Total current liabilities                                                                      4,891,034           4,090,681

TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES                                                                  15,807,091         14,801,113

Approved by the Board of Directors on 28 August 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:




                            SU Ertian                                                   ZHOU Fangchao
                            Director                                                       Director



                                                                                                                           37
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                                                            Unaudited
                                                                                Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                       Foreign
                                                                                                      currency     Statutory                                     Non-
                                                     Share       Share       Other       Merger     translation     surplus      Retained                  controlling       Total
                                                    capital   premium      reserve      reserve        reserve      reserve      earnings        Total       interests      equity
                                                   RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000

At 1 January 2025                                   103,701    886,372   1,157,853      137,549        (20,307)         82,981   1,028,348    3,376,497       976,628    4,353,125

Profit for the period                                    —          —           —             —             —               —      62,198        62,198        37,430       99,628
Other comprehensive income                               —          —           —             —          9,487              —          19         9,506        13,859       23,365

Total comprehensive income for the period                —          —           —             —          9,487              —       62,217       71,704        51,289      122,993
Capital injection from non-controlling interests         —          —           —             —             —               —           —            —        500,000      500,000
Transfer of statutory reserve                            —          —           —             —             —           10,700     (10,700)          —             —            —

Changes in equity for the period                         —          —           —             —          9,487          10,700     51,517        71,704       551,289      622,993

At 30 June 2025                                     103,701    886,372   1,157,853      137,549        (10,820)         93,681   1,079,865    3,448,201     1,527,917    4,976,118

At 1 January 2026                                  103,701    886,372    1,157,853      137,549       (119,601)         95,865    889,988     3,151,727    1,321,744     4,473,471

Loss for the period                                      —          —           —             —             —               —    (133,894)     (133,894)       40,532      (93,362)
Other comprehensive income                               —          —           —             —         (3,691)             —      15,677        11,986       (25,317)     (13,331)

Total comprehensive income for the period                —          —           —             —         (3,691)             —    (118,217)     (121,908)       15,215     (106,693)
Capital injection from
  non-controlling interests                              —          —           —             —             —               —           —            —       100,000      100,000
Conversion of convertible
  bond of non-controlling interests                     —          —           —              —             —               —          —            —          18,726      18,726
Acquisition of non-controlling interests               829     68,192      19,363             —             —               —       4,344       92,728        (96,728)     (4,000)
Transfer of statutory reserve                           —          —           —              —             —            2,125     (2,125)          —              —           —

Changes in equity for the period                       829     68,192      19,363             —         (3,691)          2,125   (115,998)      (29,180)       37,213        8,033

At 30 June 2026                                    104,530    954,564    1,177,216      137,549       (123,292)         97,990    773,990     3,122,547    1,358,957     4,481,504




38
                                                                       GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                        2026 Interim Report


    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                                                Unaudited
                                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                           Notes              2026               2025
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000

NET CASH GENERATED FROM/(USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                       391,346             (68,350)

Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                   20              (389,913)           (369,433)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                               (110,215)             (2,438)
Prepayment for construction in progress                                     20                    —             (371,121)
Payments for escrow deposit                                                                 (100,000)                 —
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                        8,898                  —
Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets                                                    4,831                  —
Increase in restricted deposits                                                               (7,777)             (5,800)
Decrease/(increase) in restricted bank deposits                                               91,192             (14,000)
Interest received                                                                              3,860              11,272

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                       (499,124)           (751,520)

Bank loans and other borrowings raised                                                       992,412           1,784,290
Repayment of bank loans and other borrowings                                                (978,998)         (1,223,482)
Repayment of loan from a related company                                                     (32,197)                 —
Proceeds from issue of convertible bond, net                                                 890,274                  —
Proceeds from issue of a bond, net                                                           193,735                  —
Principal elements of lease payments                                                         (25,567)             (2,081)
Disposal of non-controlling interest                                                              —              500,000
Capital injection of non-controlling interest                                                100,000                  —
Payment for acquisition of non-controlling interests in a subsidiary                          (4,000)                 —

NET CASH GENERATED FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                               1,135,659           1,058,727

NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                                  1,027,881             238,677

EFFECT OF FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES                                                     (145,027)            (63,047)

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT 1 JANUARY                                                     3,748,921           3,411,401

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT 30 JUNE                                                       4,631,775           3,587,211




                                                                                                                       39
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

1.    BASIS OF PREPARATION
      These condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34
      “Interim Financial Reporting” (“IAS 34”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and the
      applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
      Limited.

      These condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the 2025 annual financial statements. Except
      as described below, the accounting policies (including the significant judgements made by management in applying
      the Group’s accounting policies and the key sources of estimation uncertainty) and methods of computation used in the
      preparation of these condensed financial statements are consistent with those used in the annual financial statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2025.

2.    NEW AND AMENDED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
      A.    New and amended standards adopted by the Group
            The Group has adopted all of the new or amended IFRS Accounting Standards and Interpretations issued by
            the IASB that are mandatory for the current reporting period. There was no material impact to the consolidated
            financial statements as a result of the adoption of these standards.

      B.    Impact of new and amended standards issued but not yet adopted by the Group
            Certain new accounting standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for the
            financial reporting periods commencing on or after 1 January 2026 and have not been early adopted by the Group.

                                                                                                  Effective for accounting
                                                                                             periods beginning on or after

            IFRS 18 – Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements                                 1 January 2027
            IFRS 19 – Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures                             1 January 2027
            Amendment to IAS 21 – Translation to a Hyperinflationary
              Presentation Currency                                                                       1 January 2027
            IFRS 20 – Regulatory Assets and Regulatory Liabilities                                        1 January 2029
            Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 – Sale or Contribution
              of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture              To be determined by the IASB




40
                                                                           GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                           2026 Interim Report


     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June 2026




3.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
     The chief operating decision maker has been identified as the executive directors of the Company.

     As at 30 June 2026, the Group has identified three reportable segments as follows:

     PRC business operation        — development, manufacturing and sales of pearlescent effective pigments and
                                     functional filler largely in the PRC

     Korea business operation      — development, manufacturing and sales of pearlescent effective pigments largely in
                                     Korea
     German business operation     — development, manufacturing, and commercialisation of global surface solution
                                     products

     The Group’s reportable segments are strategic business units that are managed by separate management. They are
     managed separately because each business requires different marketing strategies.

     Information about reportable segment profit or loss, assets and liabilities:

                                                               PRC            Korea             German
                                                          Business          Business           Business
                                                         Operation         Operation          Operation             Total
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000

     Six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)
     Revenue from external customers
     – Pearlescent effective pigments                      810,180           153,446          1,138,090          2,101,716
     – Functional filler                                    61,674                —             107,718            169,392
     – Cosmetic actives                                         —                 —             273,340            273,340
     – Others                                                    1            11,746              2,148             13,895

                                                           871,855           165,192          1,521,296          2,558,343
     Intersegment revenue                                   10,474                —                  —              10,474
     Segment profit/(loss)                                 229,866            33,599           (188,926)            74,539

     As at 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)
     Segment assets                                      8,961,213           499,095          6,273,318         15,733,626
     Segment liabilities                                 3,664,881           109,909          1,721,090          5,495,869




                                                                                                                          41
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026




3.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
      Information about reportable segment profit or loss, assets and liabilities: (continued)
                                                                              PRC           Korea
                                                                         Business         Business
                                                                        Operation        Operation         Total
                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000

      Six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)
      Revenue from external customers
      – Pearlescent effective pigments                                    705,282          145,843        851,125
      – Functional filler                                                  49,035               —          49,035
      – Others                                                              1,350           10,528         11,878

                                                                          755,667          156,371        912,038
      Intersegment revenue                                                  1,523               —           1,523
      Segment profit                                                      246,777           19,671        266,448

      As at 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)
      Segment assets                                                    6,804,593          549,919       7,354,512
      Segment liabilities                                               2,841,176          143,099       2,984,275


                                                                                              Unaudited
                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                            2026           2025
                                                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000

      Reconciliations of segment profit or loss:
      Total profit or loss of reportable segments                                           74,539        266,448
      Unallocated amounts:
        Administrative expenses                                                            (43,854)       (102,506)
        Depreciation and amortisation                                                         (942)           (942)
        Interest expenses                                                                 (232,309)       (125,399)
        Interest income                                                                        107           8,588
        Fair value gain on derivative component of convertible bonds                       109,999             991
        Others                                                                                (902)         52,448

      Consolidated (loss)/profit for the period                                            (93,362)         99,628




42
                                                                           GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                           2026 Interim Report


     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June 2026




3.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     Geographical information:
     The Group’s revenue from external customers by location are detailed below:

                                                                                                   Unaudited
                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                 2026               2025
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

     The PRC                                                                                  1,087,165             761,440
     Europe                                                                                     575,232              39,064
     Asia other than the PRC                                                                    420,539              84,731
     North America                                                                              270,247              14,041
     Others                                                                                     205,160              12,762

     Consolidated total                                                                       2,558,343             912,038


4.   REVENUE
     The Group’s operations and main revenue streams are those described in the last annual consolidated financial
     statements. The Group’s revenue is derived from contracts with customers.

                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                  2026               2025
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                             (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of IFRS 15
     Disaggregated by major products
       Pearlescent effective pigments                                                         2,101,716             851,125
       Functional filler                                                                        169,392              49,035
       Cosmetic actives                                                                         273,340                  —
       Others                                                                                    13,895              11,878

     Total                                                                                    2,558,343             912,038

     The Group derives revenue from the transfer of goods at a point in time.




                                                                                                                          43
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026




5.    INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                     2026               2025
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

      Current income tax
        Provision for the period
        – PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                                  43,358             45,184
        – Other Corporate Income Tax                                                                 40,104              4,997

                                                                                                     83,462             50,181

      Deferred tax                                                                                     (761)             (1,944)

                                                                                                     82,701             48,237

      Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits for both periods.

      Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, Chesir Pearl and Luzhai Chesir Pearl Mica Material Co., Ltd.
      (“Chesir Luzhai”), subsidiaries of the Company, obtained the high and new technology enterprise certificate to entitle to a
      preferential tax rate of 15% (six months ended 30 June 2025: 15%) during the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025,
      subject to annual review by the relevant authority. The other subsidiaries of the Company in the PRC are subject to the
      PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”) at a rate of 25% (six months ended 30 June 2025: 25%) for the periods.

      Tax charge on profits assessable elsewhere have been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing in the countries in which
      the Group operates, based on existing legislation, interpretation and practices in respect thereof.

6.    (LOSS)/PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD
      The Group’s (loss)/profit for the period is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                     2026               2025
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

      Depreciation on property, plant and equipment                                                139,900              48,067
      Depreciation on right-of-use assets                                                           37,227               3,376
      Research and development expenditures                                                         80,626              36,480
      Cost of inventories sold                                                                   1,568,676             432,211
      Allowance for inventories (including in cost of goods sold)                                    8,406               6,171
      Impairment/(reversal) of impairment losses on trade,
         bills and other receivables                                                                    897              (2,065)
      Operating lease charge                                                                          1,712               2,081




44
                                                                             GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                               2026 Interim Report


     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2026




7.   DIVIDENDS
     The board of directors has decided not to declare and pay any interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (six
     months ended 30 June 2025: Nil).

8.   (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE
     The calculation of basic and diluted (loss)/earnings per share is based on the following:

                                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                      2026               2025
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     (Loss)/earnings
     (Loss)/profit attributable to owners of the Company, used
       in the basic earnings per share calculation                                                 (133,894)             62,198
     Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares arising from convertible bond:
     Finance costs saving on conversion of convertible bonds outstanding                             85,486                   —
     Fair value gain reversal on derivative component                                              (109,999)                  —
     Adjustments to the share of profit of a subsidiary based
       on dilution of its earnings per share                                                             —                (1,563)

     (Loss)/profit attributable to owners of the Company, used
       in the diluted earnings per share calculation                                               (158,407)             60,635

     Number of shares
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in
       basic earnings per share calculation                                                 1,247,437,022        1,238,870,132
     Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares arising
       from convertible bonds outstanding                                                    137,882,319                      —
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in
       diluted earnings per share calculation                                               1,385,319,341        1,238,870,132

     The weighted average number of ordinary shares for the current period has been adjusted as if the convertible bonds
     had occurred at the beginning of the earliest period presented.




                                                                                                                              45
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026




9.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
      During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group acquired property, plant and equipment of approximately
      RMB398,716,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB369,433,000).

10. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
      During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group acquired right-of-use assets of RMB7,458,000 (six months ended
      30 June 2025: Nil).

11. PREPAYMENTS FOR CONSTRUCTION IN PROGRESS
      During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s prepayments for construction in progress decreased by
      approximately RMB17,036,000, mainly due to transfer to construction in progress upon progress of project works (six
      months ended 30 June 2025: increased by approximately RMB371,121,000).

12. ESCROW DEPOSIT
      On 6 February 2026, Tonglu Junheng Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Junheng LLP”), a non-wholly
      owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an agreement with independent third parties to purchase 202,308,716
      shares, representing approximately 29.89% of the total issued share capital, of Zhejiang Jihua Group Co., Ltd. (“Zhejiang
      Jihua”), at an aggregate consideration of RMB1,494,515,000 which will be settled by cash, and simultaneously paid an
      escrow deposit of RMB100,000,000 upon execution of agreement.

      During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the balance increased by approximately RMB19,000, being interest income
      received.

13. RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSIT
      As at 30 June 2026, the restricted bank deposit amounted to approximately RMB93,562,000 (as at 31 December
      2025: RMB184,754,000). Of this amount, approximately RMB31,030,000 (as at 31 December 2025: RMB183,977,000)
      was pledged to the bank for securing the issuing of the bank loans and letter of credit. The remaining balance mainly
      represents restricted time deposits and deposits subject to temporary restrictions.




46
                                                                          GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                          2026 Interim Report


   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2026




14. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES
   The aging analysis of trade and bills receivables based on the invoice date (or date of revenue recognition, if earlier),
   and net of allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                                    At                 At
                                                                                               30 June       31 December
                                                                                                  2026              2025
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)          (Audited)

   0 to 90 days                                                                              1,088,484             795,028
   91 to 180 days                                                                               92,360             282,664
   181 to 365 days                                                                               1,591                 605

                                                                                             1,182,435           1,078,297


15. BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS
   The bank loans and other borrowings are secured by pledged of the Group’s property, plant and equipment of
   RMB1,484,087,000 (as at 31 December 2025: RMB2,220,329,000) and right-of-use assets of RMB121,778,000 (as at 31
   December 2025: RMB119,555,000) held by the Group.

   During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group has raised new bank loans and other borrowings of
   RMB992,412,000 net of repayment of the bank loans and other borrowings on maturity of RMB978,998,000 to cope with
   the business expansions of the Group.




                                                                                                                         47
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026




16. CONVERTIBLE BONDS
      2022 Convertible bond
      On 28 December 2022, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with an independent third party in relation
      to the issue of 3.5% coupon convertible bonds in the aggregate principal amount up to CNH500.0 million (“Convertible
      Bonds”) in two tranches. The unlisted, guaranteed and unsecured convertible bond in the principal amount of CNH300.0
      million (“Tranche A Convertible Bond”) was issued by the Company on 30 December 2022. The interest will be paid in
      arrears annually until the settlement date.

      Tranche A Convertible Bond is convertible at the option of the holder into fully paid ordinary shares with HK$0.1 each
      of the Company on or after the later of (i) the first day of the fortieth month from the date of issue; and (ii) the date on
      which the listing of, and permission to deal in, the conversion shares falling to be issued upon exercise of the conversion
      rights attached to Tranche A Convertible Bond having been granted by the Listing Committee of the Stock Exchange up
      to and including ending on the date immediately before the maturity date (i.e. 30 December 2026) at an initial conversion
      price of HK$7.6 per share.

      If Tranche A Convertible Bond is not converted during the conversion period, the Company shall redeem Tranche A
      Convertible Bond by repaying to the holder of the Tranche A Convertible Bond on the maturity date (the “Maturity Date”)
      the aggregate of (i) the outstanding principal amount of CNH300,000,000; (ii) the interest accrued but unpaid up to and
      including the Maturity Date; and (iii) the additional amount which could make up an internal rate of return (“IRR”) of
      9% per annum on the aggregate principal amount of Tranche A Convertible Bond if the sum of the amounts referred
      in (i) and (ii) above, plus any amount already paid by the Company on such outstanding principal amount of Tranche
      A Convertible Bond, falls short of making up the IRR of 9% per annum on the relevant aggregate principal amount
      calculated from the issue date up to the Maturity Date.

      Tranche A Convertible Bond is guaranteed by a substantial shareholder of the Company and a subsidiary of the
      Company.

      The net proceeds received from the issue of Tranche A Convertible Bond have been split between the liability and
      derivative components, as follows:

                                                                                                    Liability        Derivative
                                                                                                 component          component
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000

      At 1 January 2025                                                                              333,715              5,900
      Interest charged for the period                                                                 16,229                 —
      Fair value loss for the period                                                                      —                 239

      At 30 June 2025                                                                                349,944              6,139

      At 1 January 2026                                                                             356,462              35,284
      Interest charged for the period                                                                17,335                  —
      Fair value gain for the period                                                                     —              (22,846)

      At 30 June 2026                                                                               373,797              12,438

      The interest charged for the period is calculated by applying an effective interest rate of 9.96% per annum to the liability
      component.




48
                                                                        GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                        2026 Interim Report


    NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June 2026




16. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (continued)
    2022 Convertible bond (continued)
    The directors estimate the fair value of the liability component of Tranche A Convertible Bond at 30 June 2026 to be
    approximately RMB373,797,000 (as at 31 December 2025: RMB356,462,000). This fair value has been calculated by
    discounting the future cash flows at the market interest rate (level 2 fair value measurements).

    The derivative component is measured at its fair value at the date of issue and at the end of each reporting period.
    The fair values have been calculated using binomial option pricing model (level 3 fair value measurements). The key
    assumptions used are as follows:

                                                                                                  At                At
                                                                                             30 June       31 December
                                                                                                2026              2025

    Weighted average share price                                                            HK$6.77            HK$10.34
    Weighted average exercise price                                                         HK$7.60             HK$7.60
    Expected volatility                                                                      57.40%              50.76%
    Expected life                                                                           0.5 year              1 year
    Risk free rate                                                                            1.10%               1.36%

    Expected dividend yield                                                                     0.00%              0.00%

    Information about level 3 fair value measurements

                                                        Significant                                Effect on fair
                                      Valuation         unobservable                               value for increase
                                      techniques        input                 Range                of inputs

    Derivative component              Binomial option   Expected volatility   57.40% (As at        Increase
      embedded in the Tranche           pricing model                           31 December
      A Convertible Bond                                                        2025: 50.76%)

    The fair value of derivative component embedded in Tranche A Convertible Bond is determined using binomial option
    pricing model and the significant unobservable input in the fair value measurement is expected volatility.




                                                                                                                       49
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026




16. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (continued)
      2026 Convertible bond
      On 15 December 2025, the Company entered into an agreement with independent third parties in relation to the issue of
      4.25% coupon convertible bonds in the aggregate principal amount of HK$1,000,000,000 (the “2026 Convertible Bonds”).
      The 2026 Convertible Bonds were issued by the Company on 6 January 2026.

      2026 Convertible Bonds are convertible at the option of the holder thereof, at any time on or after the relevant issue date
      of such bonds up to the close of business on the date falling ten days prior to the maturity date (i.e. 4 January 2027) or, if
      such bonds shall have been called for redemption by the Company before the maturity date, then up to and including the
      close of business on a date no later than ten days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof at an initial conversion
      price of HK$10.19 per share.

      On giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice by the Company to the bondholders, the 2026 Convertible
      Bonds may be redeemed by the Company in whole, but not in part, prior to the maturity date at their principal amount
      together with interest accrued but unpaid to such date (if any), provided that at least 90% in principal amount of the
      bonds originally issued has already been converted, redeemed or purchased and cancelled.

      The net proceeds received from the issue of 2026 Convertible Bonds have been split between the liability and derivative
      components and movement during the period, as follows:

                                                                                                     Liability         Derivative
                                                                                                  component           component
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      At the date of issuance                                                                         779,535            110,739
      Interest charged for the period                                                                  68,151                 —
      Interest paid                                                                                    (9,298)                —
      Fair value gain for the period                                                                       —             (85,013)
      Exchange differences                                                                            (21,983)            (2,140)

      At 30 June 2026                                                                                 816,405             23,586

      The interest charged for the period is calculated by applying an effective interest rate of 19.37% per annum to the
      liability component.

      The directors estimate the fair value of the liability component of 2026 Convertible bond at 30 June 2026 to be
      approximately RMB943,227,000. This fair value has been calculated by discounting the future cash flows at the market
      interest rate (level 2 fair value measurements).




50
                                                                          GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                         2026 Interim Report


    NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2026




16. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (continued)
    2026 Convertible bond (continued)
    The derivative component is measured at its fair value at the date of issue and at the end of each reporting period. The
    fair values are estimated using binomial option pricing model (level 3 fair value measurements). The key assumptions
    used are as follows:

                                                                                                                       At
                                                                                                                  30 June
                                                                                                                     2026

    Weighted average share price                                                                                  HK$6.77
    Weighted average exercise price                                                                              HK$10.19
    Expected volatility                                                                                            57.17%
    Expected life                                                                                               0.52 years
    Risk free rate                                                                                                  2.58%
    Expected dividend yield                                                                                         0.00%

    Information about level 3 fair value measurements

                                                          Significant                                Effect on fair
                                      Valuation           unobservable                               value for increase
                                      techniques          input                  Range               of inputs

    Derivative component              Binomial option     Expected volatility    57.17%              Increase
      embedded in 2026                  pricing model
      Convertible bond

    The fair value of derivative component embedded in 2026 Convertible bond is determined using binomial option pricing
    model and the significant unobservable input in the fair value measurement is expected volatility.

    CQV Convertible bonds
    On 26 June 2024, CQV Co., Ltd. (“CQV”; KOSDAQ: 101240), a subsidiary of the Company, entered into an underwriting
    agreement (the “Underwriting Agreement”) and a supplementary agreement (the “Supplementary Agreement”)
    with independent third parties in relation to the issue of unlisted and unsecured 2% coupon convertible bonds in an
    aggregate principal amount of KRW15,000,000,000 (“CQV Convertible Bonds”) which was issued on 28 June 2024 with
    maturity date of 28 June 2027. The interest will be paid in arrears every three months until the maturity date.

    CQV Convertible Bonds are convertible at the option of the holders into common stock of CQV on or after one year from
    the issue date of CQV Convertible Bonds and to the first business day within the month preceding the maturity date at
    an initial conversion price of KRW5,760 per share. The conversion price may be adjusted every seven months from the
    issue date based on the stock price of CQV common stock prevailing in the preceding month.




                                                                                                                        51
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026




16. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (continued)
      CQV Convertible bonds (continued)
      CQV Convertible Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the holders one year from the issue date of CQV Convertible
      Bonds and every three months thereafter in the relevant outstanding principal amount multiplied by the early
      redemption rate stipulated in the Underwriting Agreement.

      CQV shall reserve a right to purchase up to 40% of the principal amount of CQV Convertible Bonds during the exercise
      period stated in the Supplementary Agreement, in which case the purchase price shall ensure yield to call at an annual
      compound interest rate of 7% (calculated quarterly).

      If CQV Convertible Bonds are not converted during the conversion period or redeemed during the option period, CQV
      shall redeem CQV Convertible Bonds by repaying to the holder of CQV Convertible Bonds on the maturity date at
      113.04% of the outstanding principal amount.

      The net proceeds received from the issue of CQV Convertible Bonds have been split between liability and derivative
      components and movement during the period, as follows:

                                                                                                Liability       Derivative
                                                                                             component         component
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000

      At 1 January 2025                                                                          65,085              7,180
      Interest charged for the period                                                             4,233                 —
      Interest paid                                                                                (767)                —
      Fair value loss for the period                                                                 —                 787
      Exchange differences                                                                        4,436                505

      At 30 June 2025                                                                            72,987              8,472

      At 1 January 2026                                                                          56,148              2,830
      Interest charged for the period                                                             4,053                 —
      Interest paid                                                                                (787)                —
      Derecognition on conversion                                                               (18,726)              (895)
      Fair value gain for the period                                                                 —              (1,942)
      Exchange differences                                                                       (2,751)               200

      At 30 June 2026                                                                            37,937               193

      The interest charged for the period is calculated by applying an effective interest rate of 13.20% per annum to the
      liability component.

      The directors estimate the fair value of the liability component of the CQV Convertible Bonds at 30 June 2026 to be
      approximately RMB40,191,000 (31 December 2025: RMB61,251,000). This fair value has been calculated by discounting
      the future cash flows at the market interest rate (level 2 fair value measurements).




52
                                                                          GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                           2026 Interim Report


    NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2026




16. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (continued)
    CQV Convertible bonds (continued)
    The derivative component is measured at its fair value at the date of issue and at the end of each reporting period. The
    fair values are estimated using binomial option pricing model (level 3 fair value measurements). The key assumptions
    used are as follows:

                                                                                                    At                 At
                                                                                               30 June        31 December
                                                                                                  2026               2025

    Weighted average share price                                                            KRW3,015             KRW4,215
    Weighted average exercise price                                                         KRW4,035             KRW4,270
    Expected volatility                                                                       31.04%                32.63%
    Expected life                                                                              1 year             1.5 years
    Risk free rate                                                                       2.99%~3.29%          2.38%~2.73%

    Expected dividend yield                                                                        0.00%              0.00%

    Information about level 3 fair value measurements

                                                          Significant                                 Effect on fair
                                      Valuation           unobservable                                value for increase
                                      techniques          input                  Range                of inputs

    Derivative component              Binomial option     Expected volatility    31.04% (As at        Increase
      embedded in                       pricing model                              31 December
      CQV Convertible Bond                                                         2025: 32.63%)


    The fair value of derivative component embedded in CQV Convertible Bonds is determined using binomial option pricing
    model and the significant unobservable inputs in the fair value measurement are expected volatility.




                                                                                                                          53
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026




17. TRADE PAYABLES
      The aging analysis of trade payables, based on the date of receipt of goods and invoices, is as follows:

                                                                                                                               At                    At
                                                                                                                          30 June          31 December
                                                                                                                             2026                 2025
                                                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                                       (Unaudited)             (Audited)

      0 to 90 days                                                                                                        335,459                 314,772
      91 to 180 days                                                                                                        4,337                  60,292
      181 to 365 days                                                                                                      45,340                      —
      Over 365 days                                                                                                         1,703                   1,703

                                                                                                                          386,839                 376,767


18. BOND PAYABLE
      On 19 May 2026, the Company issued a JPY4,630,000,000 (approximately RMB198,200,000) sustainability-linked
      bond, which is guaranteed by Guangxi Chesir Pearl Material Co., Ltd, a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company,
      and carries an annual interest rate of 3.6%, payable annually and is due for repayment on 19 May 2028. During the
      six months ended 30 June 2026, the amount of bond payable was RMB193,735,000, primarily reflected by exchange
      differences.

19. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                              Number of                                       Issued and
                                                                                          shares in issue             Authorised                fully paid
                                                                                                                        HK$’000                  RMB’000

      Share capital of the Company in ordinary shares of HK$0.1 each
      At 1 January 2025, 31 December 2025 and 1 January 2026                                1,238,870,132                8,000,000                103,701
      Share issued for acquisition of non-controlling interests (note (a))                      9,571,649                       —                     829

      At 30 June 2026                                                                       1,248,441,781                8,000,000                104,530

      Note:

      (a)     On 20 January 2026, 9,571,649 ordinary shares of the Company of par value of HK$0.10 each were issued at a price of HK$8.01 in connection
              with the acquisition of a non-controlling interest in Guangxi Chesir Pearl Materials Co., Ltd. for a consideration of approximately HK$76,669,000
              (equivalent to approximately RMB69,021,000). This consideration was settled entirely by the shares issued, of which approximately HK$957,000
              (equivalent to approximately RMB829,000) was credited to the Company’s share capital and the remaining proceeds of approximately
              HK$75,712,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB68,192,000) were credited to the share premium account.




54
                                                                                                GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                          2026 Interim Report


   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2026




20. NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
    During the period ended 30 June 2026, purchase of property, plant and equipment of RMB406,949,000 (six months
    ended 30 June 2025: RMB413,323,000) were set off by prepayment for construction in progress and deposit paid
    for acquisition of property, plant and equipment amounting to RMB17,036,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025:
    RMB343,323,000) and RMB Nil (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB70,000,000).

21. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
    Transactions with related parties:
    The Group had the following transactions with its related parties during the period:

                                                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                              2026                    2025
                                                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                                         (unaudited)             (unaudited)

    Interest paid to a related company                                                                                              32                       —


22. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
    As at 30 June 2026, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities (as at 31 December 2025: Nil).

23. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                                                                At                     At
                                                                                                                           30 June           31 December
                                                                                                                              2026                  2025
                                                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                                        (Unaudited)              (Audited)

    Contracted but not provided for:
      Property, plant and equipment                                                                                         593,549                  789,314
      Intangible assets                                                                                                     104,052                  142,671
      Acquisition of Zhejiang Jihua (note (a))                                                                            1,394,515                       —

                                                                                                                          2,092,116                  931,985

    Note:

    (a)     On 6 February 2026, Junheng LLP entered into a conditional share transfer agreement with two major shareholders of Zhejiang Jihua. Junheng
            LLP is a limited partnership established in the PRC, in which Shenzhen Chesir Pearl Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shenzhen Chesir”), a wholly-owned
            subsidiary of the Company, holds a 40% partnership interest and acts as the general partner responsible for the daily operation, while Tonglu
            Liuan Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Hongzun LLP”), as the limited partner, holds the remaining 60% interest.

            Pursuant to the agreement, Junheng LLP conditionally agreed to acquire 202,308,716 ordinary shares of Zhejiang Jihua, representing
            approximately 29.89% of its issued share capital, for a total consideration of approximately RMB1,494,515,000. An escrow deposit of
            RMB100,000,000 was paid upon execution of the agreement. Accordingly, as at 30 June 2026, Junheng LLP had an outstanding capital commitment
            of approximately RMB1,394,515,000 in respect of this acquisition, subject to the satisfaction of the various conditions precedent as stipulated in the
            agreement.




                                                                                                                                                             55
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026




24. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      Subsequent to the reporting period, on 16 July 2026, Junheng LLP entered into a supplemental agreement with the
      two major shareholders of Zhejiang Jihua following satisfactory due diligence and provided for additional condition,
      precedent, indemnities, undertakings and guarantee, in relation to the proposed acquisition of shares in Zhejiang Jihua.

      On 6 August 2026, Junheng LLP and the two major shareholders of Zhejiang Jihua further entered into a second
      supplemental agreement, pursuant to which the number of shares in Zhejiang Jihua to be acquired was adjusted to
      202,308,616 shares, representing approximately 29.89% of the issued share capital of Zhejiang Jihua, and the purchase
      price was reduced by approximately RMB739 to approximately RMB1,494,515,000.

      On 14 August 2026, the Company despatched a circular and notice of extraordinary general meeting to its shareholders
      in relation to, among other things, the proposed acquisition and the transactions contemplated thereunder.

      For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 17 July 2026 and 7 August 2026, the notice of
      extraordinary general meeting of the Company dated 14 August 2026, and the circular of the Company dated 14 August
      2026.

25. APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      The interim financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 28 August 2026.




56
                                                                                                       GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                 2026 Interim Report


                                                                                                       OTHER INFORMATION

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY
As of 30 June 2026, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the Company or any of their
associates in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning
of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), which were required to be (i) notified to the Company and the
Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions in which they were
taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (ii) recorded into the register kept by the Company pursuant
to section 352 of the SFO; or (iii) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities
Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules, were as follows:

                                                                                                                                  Number of
                                                                                                                               the Shares or            Approximate
                                                                                                                                  underlying           percentage of
 Name of Directors                                               Nature of interest and capacity                                 Shares held           shareholding

Dr SU Ertian (“Dr SU”)                                           Interest in controlled corporation(1)                           310,727,449                   24.89%
                                                                 Interest in controlled corporation(2)                            45,337,828                    3.63%
                                                                 Interest in controlled corporation(3)                            27,234,172                    2.18%
                                                                 Interest in controlled corporation(4)                               828,000                    0.07%
                                                                 Interest in controlled corporation(5)                            18,529,200                    1.48%
                                                                 Interest in controlled corporation(6)                            18,858,948                    1.51%
                                                                 Beneficial owner                                                 32,889,000                    2.63%
Mr JIN Zengqin (“Mr JIN”)                                        Interest in controlled corporation(5)                            18,529,200                    1.48%
                                                                 Interest in controlled corporation(6)                            18,858,948                    1.51%
Mr LIM Kwang Su                                                  Beneficial owner                                                 13,481,181                    1.08%

Notes:

(1)      The Shares are owned by Hongzun Int Investment Group Ltd. (“Hongzun International”), which is wholly-owned by Guangxi Hongzun Investment Group
         Co., Ltd. (“Hongzun Investment”). Hongzun Investment is owned as to 99.0% and 1.0% by Dr SU and Ms WANG Huan (“Ms WANG”), the spouse of Dr SU,
         respectively. Therefore, Dr SU is deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by Hongzun Investment for the purpose of the SFO.

(2)      Ertian International Investment Limited (“Ertian International”) is wholly-owned by Dr SU. Therefore, Dr SU is deemed to be interested in all the Shares
         held by Ertian International for the purpose of the SFO. Dr SU is the sole director of Ertian International.

(3)      Seven Color Pearl Investment Limited (“Seven Color Pearl Investment”) is wholly-owned by Dr SU. Therefore, Dr SU is deemed to be interested in all the
         Shares held by Seven Color Pearl Investment for the purpose of the SFO. Dr SU is the sole director of Seven Color Pearl Investment.

(4)      The general partner of Liuzhou Lianrun Enterprise Management Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (“Liuzhou Lianrun LP”) is Dr SU who owns
         11,000 shares of Liuzhou Lianrun LP. The original 18 individual equity holders of Chesir Pearl, who are limited partners and independent third parties, own
         127,000 shares of Liuzhou Lianrun LP. Therefore, Dr SU is deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by Liuzhou Lianrun LP for the purpose of the
         SFO. For the avoidance of doubt, there is no individual limited partner contributed more than one-third of the capital contribution of Liuzhou Lianrun LP.

(5)      The general partner of Liuzhou Qise Enterprise Management Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (“Liuzhou Qise LP”) is Dr SU who owns 10,000
         shares of Liuzhou Qise LP. Mr JIN, being one of the limited partners, owns 1,565,200 shares of Liuzhou Qise LP and the original 5 individual equity holders
         of Chesir Pearl, who are limited partners and independent third parties, own 1,513,000 shares of Liuzhou Qise LP. Therefore, Dr SU and Mr JIN are deemed
         to be interested in all the Shares held by Liuzhou Qise LP for the purpose of the SFO. For the avoidance of doubt, there is no individual limited partner (except
         Mr JIN) contributed more than one-third of the capital contribution of Liuzhou Qise LP.




                                                                                                                                                                    57
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


OTHER INFORMATION



(6)   The general partner of Liuzhou Colorful Enterprise Management Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (“Liuzhou Colorful LP”) is Dr SU who owns
      10,000 shares of Liuzhou Colorful LP. Mr JIN, being one of the limited partners, owns 1,500,000 shares of Liuzhou Colorful LP and the original 8 individual
      equity holders of Chesir Pearl, who are limited partners and independent third parties, own 1,633,158 shares of Liuzhou Colorful LP. Therefore, Dr SU
      and Mr JIN are deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by of Liuzhou Colorful LP for the purpose of the SFO. For the avoidance of doubt, there is no
      individual limited partner (except Mr JIN) contributed more than one-third of the capital contribution of Liuzhou Colorful LP.


Save as disclosed above, as of 30 June 2026, none of the Directors or the chief executives of the Company and any of their
associates had or was deemed to have any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of
the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which was required to be (i) notified
to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short
positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (ii) recorded into the register kept
by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO; or (iii) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code.

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
As of 30 June 2026, the persons or corporations (not being a Director or chief executive of the Company) who had an interests
or short positions in the Shares and underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under Divisions 2 and
3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were
as follows:

                                                                                                                          Number of
                                                                                                                       the Shares or            Approximate
                                                                                                                          underlying           percentage of
 Name of shareholders                             Nature of interest and capacity                                        Shares held           shareholding

Hongzun International                             Beneficial owner                                                       310,727,449                  24.89%
Hongzun Investment                                Interest in controlled corporation(1)                                  310,727,449                  24.89%
Ms WANG                                           Spouse interest(2)                                                     454,404,597                  36.39%
HSBC Holdings plc                                 Interest in controlled corporation                                      17,860,647                   1.43%
                                                  Custodian (other than an exempt custodian interest)                     13,418,000                   1.07%
                                                  Trustee                                                                 98,135,426                   7.86%

Notes:

(1)   Hongzun International is wholly-owned by Hongzun Investment. Therefore, Hongzun Investment is deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by
      Hongzun International for the purpose of the SFO. Dr SU is the sole director of Hongzun International.

(2)   Ms WANG was deemed to be interested in in all the Shares held by her spouse, Dr SU.


Save as disclosed above, as of 30 June 2026, the Directors were not aware of any other person or corporation having an
interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying Shares as notified to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of
Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.




58
                                                                             GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                            2026 Interim Report


                                                                                         OTHER INFORMATION



SHARE OPTION SCHEME
A share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) of the Company was approved and conditionally adopted pursuant to
the resolutions passed by the Shareholders on 2 June 2021 for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible
participants for their contributions to the Group. In the 1H2026, no share options of the Company have been granted,
exercised, cancelled or lapsed under the Share Option Scheme.

The number of share options available for grant under the Share Option Scheme was 116,269,558 share options as of 1
January 2026 and 30 June 2026, respectively.

PURCHASE, SALE AND REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries or consolidated affiliated entities purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares) in the 1H2026.

As of 30 June 2026, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.

AUDIT COMMITTEE REVIEW
The audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) of the Board has reviewed the accounting principles and practices adopted by
the Group and discussed with the management of the Group regarding the risk management and internal controls systems
and financial reporting matters including a review of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the
1H2026. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the 1H2026 have also been reviewed but not
audited by the Group’s external auditor, RSM Hong Kong, in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements
2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS
Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, the changes in information of the Directors subsequent to the date of the 2025
annual report of the Company are as follow:

•    Mr Leung Kwai Wah, Alex has resigned as an independent non-executive director and ceased as the chairman of the
     audit committee and the member of the remuneration committee and nomination committee of New City Development
     Group Limited, a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 00456), on 17 April 2026.

Saved as disclosed above, there are no other matters required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                           59
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
2026 Interim Report


OTHER INFORMATION



COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Group is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of the
Shareholders, enhance corporate value, formulate its business strategies and policies, and enhance its transparency and
accountability.

The Company’s corporate governance practices are based on the principles and code provisions as contained in the Corporate
Governance Code (the “CG Code”) set forth in Part 2 of Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules and the Company has adopted the CG
Code as its own code of corporate governance. The CG Code has been applicable to the Company in the 1H2026.

Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separated and should
not be performed by the same individual. Dr SU, the chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company,
currently performs these two roles. Dr SU has been responsible for formulating overall business development strategies
and leading overall operations of the Group and has been instrumental to business growth of the Group. The Board therefore
considers that vesting the roles of both chairman and chief executive officer in Dr SU is beneficial to business development of
the Group by ensuring consistent leadership and enabling more effective and efficient overall strategic planning. The senior
management team and the Board will provide check-and-balances of power and authority.

The Board considers that the balance of power and authority for the present arrangement will not be impaired and this
structure will enable the Company to make and implement decisions promptly and effectively. The Board will continue to
review and consider splitting the roles of chairman and chief executive officer of the Company at a time when it is appropriate
and suitable by taking into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole. Save for the above deviation, the Board is of
the view that the Company has complied with the applicable code provisions as set forth in the CG Code for the 1H2026. The
Board will periodically review and enhance its corporate governance practices to ensure that the Company continues to meet
the requirements of the CG Code.

COMPLIANCE WITH MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as
set forth in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors. Having
made specific enquiries with all the Directors, they have confirmed their compliance with the required standard as set forth in
the Model Code in the 1H2026.




60
