CONTENTS
2     Corporate Profile
4     Corporate Information
6     Milestones
13    Awards and Recognitions
18    Chairman’s Statement
21    Management Discussion and Analysis
44    Report of Directors
64    Corporate Governance Report
86    Biographical Information on Directors
        and Senior Management
95    Independent Auditor’s Report
104   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
105   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
        and Other Comprehensive Income
106   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
108   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
109   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
111   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
204   Five-year Financial Summary
CORPORATE PROFILE


Global New Material International Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 06616.HK) (hereinafter referred to as “Global
New Material International” or the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, collectively the “Group”) is a
global new materials technology platform enterprise focusing on the research and development, manufacturing
and commercial application of surface performance materials. With “global collaboration and innovation
empowerment” as its core, the Group has adopted a dual-wheel drive of organic growth and external mergers
and acquisitions to establish a global industrial ecosystem covering research and development, production, sales
and services. It has become a global leader in the surface performance materials industry, realising efficient
integration and value realisation of global resources.

The principal business of the Group covers core segments including pearlescent effect pigments (a diversified
product portfolio based on substrates such as natural mica, synthetic mica, high-end flaky alumina, glass
flakes and silicon dioxide), synthetic mica and cosmetic active ingredients. With a product portfolio of over 5,000
types, its products are widely applied in various cutting-edge fields including automobiles, cosmetics, electronic
appliances, new energy, high-end manufacturing and skincare products, and it maintains a leading global position
in multiple segmented sectors such as pearlescent pigments, synthetic mica and surface active materials.

GLOBAL LAYOUT AND COLLABORATIVE SALES NETWORK
Through integrating the global research and development and industrial resources of its subsidiaries SUSONITY
(formerly Merck Surface Solutions Business) and Korea CQV, the Group has established an innovative material
ecosystem covering Europe, Asia and the Americas. Relying on six global manufacturing bases, six research and
development centers and six application centers, as well as years of market penetration and strategic integration,
The Group has built an integrated “R&D-Manufacturing-Marketing” collaborative network covering more than 150
countries and regions worldwide, fully unleashing the efficiency of global resource integration.

TECHNOLOGY-DRIVEN AND LEADING INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY POSITION
As a national high-tech enterprise, a specialised and sophisticated “little giant” enterprise and an undertaker of
key basic new material projects under the National Industrial Strong Foundation Project, the Group has mastered
core technologies of pearlescent materials and synthetic mica through independent R&D, and possesses full-
process vertical integration capabilities ranging from material substrates and surface functional modification
to terminal formulation solutions. The Group has a global brand cluster system featuring the synergy of three
brands, namely Susonity, Chesir and CQV. It integrates high-quality internal technical resources to build cross-
regional and cross-industry innovative synergy. With a sound independent innovation system and outstanding
research and development efficiency, the Group has served as a key partner for global leading brands in realising
supply chain optimisation and value upgrading.




02      Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                       CORPORATE PROFILE



VERTICAL INTEGRATION SYSTEM AND INDUSTRY CAPACITY BENCHMARK
The Group’s core products are supported by both large-scale and high-end development, making it the world’s
only leading enterprise with a fully covered vertical industrial chain of “synthetic mica – pearlescent pigments
– surface performance materials”. The Group also masters the full-process technology of synthetic mica. Its
Hangzhou Tonglu synthetic mica plant with an designed annual capacity of 100,000 tonnes is currently the
world’s largest synthetic mica production base. The Group has established a global production layout with
prominent upstream and downstream synergy advantages. Coupled with global procurement for supply chain
optimisation, its supply stability is outstanding and cost advantages are gradually strengthening.

CORPORATE VISION AND DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY
Global New Material International is committed to building a world-leading new materials technology platform
enterprise. Through continuous innovation and global collaboration, it redefines the global ecosystem of
surface performance materials and functional new materials, and builds a sustainable future for multi-scenario
applications.

The Group will continue to focus on the strategic theme of “Materials + Innovation + Full Scenarios”, deepen its
global R&D network and intelligent manufacturing system, coordinate organic growth and external mergers and
acquisitions, build a globalised, platform-based and ecological new materials industrial structure, and lead the
transformation, upgrading and value chain reshaping of the global new materials industry.

                                Global business layout of Global New Material International
                                                                 法國




                                            Germany

                                            Gernsheim

                                            Frankfurt


                                                                                  France                        South Korea
                                                                         Europe                                 Jincheon
                   N. America                                                     Paris



                                                                                                                       Japan
                                         USA
                                                                                           Asia                        Onahama
                                         Philadelphia

                                         Savannah
                                                                                                               China

                                                                                                               Shanghai

                                                                                                               Hangzhou
                                                                      Africa
                                                                                                               Liuzhou

                                                    S. America
                    Brazil

                    Sao Paulo
                                                                                    Production site          Oceania

                                                                                    R&D site

                                                                                    Application site

                                                                                    Sales network
                                                                                    (150+ Countries
                                                                                    and Regions)




                                                                                                            2025 Annual Report   03
CORPORATE INFORMATION


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                          JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Executive Directors                                         Mr. ZHOU Fangchao
Dr. SU Ertian (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)        Ms. CHEUNG Ka Lun Karen
Mr. JIN Zengqin
Mr. ZHOU Fangchao (Joint company secretary)                 AUDITOR
Mr. BAI Zhihuan                                             RSM Hong Kong
Ms. ZENG Zhu                                                Certified Public Accountants
Mr. LIM Kwang Su                                            (Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance
                                                            with the Financial Reporting Council Ordinance)
Non-executive Director
Mr. HU Yongxiang                                            HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER
                                                            Charles Russell Speechlys LLP
Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. HUI Chi Fung                                            PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Professor HAN Gaorong                                       In the Mainland China:
Mr. LEUNG Kwai Wah Alex                                     Industrial Bank Co., Ltd. Shanghai Branch
Professor CHEN Fadong                                       Bank of Liuzhou Co., Ltd.
                                                            Liuzhou Urban Rural Credit Cooperative Union
AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                            In Hong Kong, China:
Mr. HUI Chi Fung (Chairman)                                 Citibank (Hong Kong) Limited
Professor HAN Gaorong
Mr. LEUNG Kwai Wah Alex                                     In the Republic of Korea:
                                                            Shinhan Bank Chungbuk Retail Banking Center
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                      In Germany:
Mr. LEUNG Kwai Wah Alex (Chairman)                          Deutsche Bank AG
Professor HAN Gaorong
Mr. ZHOU Fangchao                                           REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                            Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                        PO Box 2681
Dr. SU Ertian (Chairman)                                    Grand Cayman KY1-1111
Professor HAN Gaorong                                       Cayman Islands
Mr. HUI Chi Fung
Ms. ZENG Zhu (Appointed on 27 June 2025)                    PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG
Professor CHEN Fadong (Appointed on 27 June 2025)           KONG, CHINA
                                                            Room 2703, 27/F
                                                            China Resources Building
                                                            26 Harbour Road
                                                            Wanchai, Hong Kong




04     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                         CORPORATE INFORMATION



PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE
MAINLAND CHINA
Pearlescent Industrial Park
No. 380, Feilu Road
Luzhai Town, Luzhai County
Liuzhou City
Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region
PRC

PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
TRANSFER OFFICE
Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
PO Box 2681
Grand Cayman KY1-1111
Cayman Islands

HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong

COMPANY’S WEBSITE
www.chesir.com

STOCK CODE
06616




                                                  2025 Annual Report   05
MILESTONES


JANUARY

•    The steel structure hoisting of the
     100,000-tonne annual output synthetic
     mica project in Tonglu, Hangzhou has
     been successfully completed. The
     production capacity of this project
     ranks among the world’s top tier, which
     will further enhance the independent
     control capability of raw materials,
     optimise costs and consolidate scale
     advantages.




FEBRUARY

•    A milestone in intelligent transformation
     was achieved. The Company deployed a
     vertical material AI application system
     based on mainstream large-scale
     model technology, opening a digital
     upgrade channel covering the entire
     chain of research and development,
     production and services.

•    The Group participated in PCHi 2025,
     with its innovative achievements
     attracting extensive industry attention.
     A number of cooperation intentions
     were reached during the exhibition.




06     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                                                         MILESTONES



MARCH

•   The Group participated in the European Coatings Show 2025, focusing on the development trend of green
    coatings and showcasing innovative application solutions for high-end pearlescent materials.




APRIL

•   The Group held framework cooperation
    exchange meetings with CENTER INT,
    LONGi, Su Chuan Technology and
    other enterprises, and signed strategic
    cooperation agreements to promote
    multi-party strategic collaboration,
    jointly build a new industry-research
    integration ecosystem and expand the
    application scenarios of new materials.




                                                                                      2025 Annual Report   07
MILESTONES



MAY

•     The South Korean subsidiary participated
      in CITE JAPAN 2025, exhibiting tailor-
      made raw materials and solutions for the
      local market and actively exploring global
      business cooperation opportunities.




JUNE

•     The 5.9MWp rooftop distributed photovoltaic
      project at the Guangxi Phase I plant was
      successfully connected to the grid for power
      generation. Adopting an innovative model
      of Building Integrated Photovoltaics (BIPV)
      plus “self-consumption with surplus power
      fed into the grid”, the project has achieved
      energy conservation, environmental
      protection, cost reduction and efficiency
      enhancement.

•     The Group participated in the Vietnam
      Coatings Show 2025, further expanding its
      presence in the Southeast Asian market
      and showcasing innovative applications
      of pearlescent materials in the coatings
      sector.




08      Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                                                           MILESTONES



JULY

•   The Group’s South Korean subsidiary inaugurated a new R&D building dedicated to technological
    breakthroughs in high-performance surface materials, further advancing the Group’s global high-end
    materials strategy of “Materials + Innovation + Full Scenarios”.




AUGUST

•   The Group completed the acquisition of 100% equity interest in the global surface solutions business of
    Merck Germany (renamed SUSONITY), marking a qualitative leap in the Group’s market share and industry
    influence. The “March Forward Together for a Brilliant New Journey” SUSONITY completion ceremony and
    Asia-Pacific headquarters launch event was successfully held in Hangzhou to build a collaborative platform
    for the global high-end market. A global employee conference was convened, officially kicking off the
    Group’s global collaboration, cultural co-creation and strategic integration.




                                                                                        2025 Annual Report   09
MILESTONES



•    The Group hosted the “Forum on
     Corporate Internationalization
     and Cross-border Integration” in
     Hangzhou, attracting global corporate
     leaders and experts from various
     sectors. Discussions focused on how
     Chinese enterprises achieve the leap
     from “going global” to “moving up the
     value chain” through technological
     M&A and global integration, building
     consensus on development and
     exploring new opportunities for
     globalisation.




SEPTEMBER

•    The Group held a global executive
     meeting to deepen synergy across
     the five major systems and advance
     global integration and high-quality
     development.




10     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                 MILESTONES



•   The Group participated in Asia Pacific
    Coatings Show Thailand 2025, further
    consolidating its presence in the
    Asia-Pacific market and successfully
    accomplishing regional market expansion
    objectives.




OCTOBER

•   The Group participated in the Pacific
    Coatings Show Indonesia 2025,
    connecting resources in the Southeast
    Asian market and deepening its regional
    market layout.

•   The Group launched the new-generation
    high-performance laser marking
    material Iriotec® 8214, which features
    environmental friendliness and high
    efficiency, has obtained international
    certifications, and drives industry
    development.




                                              2025 Annual Report   11
MILESTONES



NOVEMBER

•    The Group jointly participated in
     CHINACOAT 2025 for the first time with
     three brands: SUSONITY, Chesir Pearl and
     CQV. With material innovation as the core,
     it demonstrated multi-brand synergy and
     full-chain service capabilities, reached
     a number of cooperation intentions, and
     showcased the Group’s strength in global
     ecological layout.

•    The Group launched a new generation
     of high-performance white sapphire
     materials, driving value growth through
     engineering materials technology
     innovation and expanding the application
     sectors of high-end materials.




DECEMBER

•    The Group launched Xirallic® NXT T260-10 Leopard White, an innovative technical pigment. By optimising
     material composition and optical structure, it delivers controllable dosage and diverse visual effects,
     is compatible with various automotive design styles, and maintains high sparkle intensity at low
     concentrations, demonstrating breakthroughs in formulation and performance. The pigment integrates well
     with surface contours without altering base colour, and exhibits strong adaptability in both high-gloss and
     matte finishes. It aligns perfectly with future automotive design trends and has received extensive positive
     feedback and strong interest from customers.




12     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                               AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS


FEBRUARY

•   Awarded the “Gold Certification” in the
    EcoVadis sustainability rating in Korea.




MAY

•   The Group was awarded the Guangxi
    May 1st Labor Certificate, recognizing
    its innovation achievements, social
    contributions and craftsmanship spirit.




                                                            2025 Annual Report   13
AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS



JUNE

•    At the 2nd Sino-European Corporate
     ESG Best Practice Conference, the Group
     won the Best Case of Technological
     Innovation award for its outstanding
     practices in green development driven
     by technological innovation and the
     establishment of a sustainable governance
     system, demonstrating the responsibility
     and vision of Chinese enterprises in global
     ESG governance.




OCTOBER

•    The Group was selected in the 7th batch of
     national-level specialised, sophisticated,
     unique and new “Little Giant” enterprises,
     representing authoritative recognition
     of the Company’s position in niche
     markets, core technologies and innovation
     capabilities.




•    Dr. Su Ertian, Chairman of the Board and
     Chief Executive Officer, was awarded the
     “Top 10 Elite Figures of China MBA 2025”
     at the 23rd China MBA Development
     Forum in recognition of his outstanding
     contributions to the internationalisation
     and sustainable development of the new
     materials industry.




14     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                  AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS



NOVEMBER

•   The Group was awarded the Korean
    “K-Smart Lighthouse Factory” certification,
    marking the intelligent upgrading of its
    global manufacturing and continuous
    improvement in production efficiency and
    product quality stability.




•   The Company was awarded the 2025
    High-Quality Coatings Raw Material
    Supplier Award, which represents
    comprehensive recognition of the
    Company’s product quality, technological
    innovation, service responsiveness and
    supply chain stability.




                                                             2025 Annual Report   15
AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS



DECEMBER

•    With outstanding operating performance and comprehensive
     development potential, the Company was awarded the
     Bloomberg “Focus 2025: Most Promising Listed Company”
     Award at the 10th “Listed Company 2025” Awards Ceremony
     held in Hong Kong, which represents recognition and
     encouragement for the Company’s global layout, operating
     performance and comprehensive development potential.




•    The Group was selected into the 2025 List of Guangxi Manufacturing Individual Champion Enterprises,
     demonstrating the Company’s innovation strength and industrial position in niche sectors.




16     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                                   AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS



•   The project “Innovation and Application of Preparation Technology for Synthetic Mica-based Pearlescent
    Pigments” received the Science and Technology Progress Award granted by the China Petroleum and
    Chemical Industry Federation, representing authoritative industry recognition of the Group’s technological
    innovation strength and facilitating its high-end market penetration and profitability enhancement.




•   At the Hong Kong Global ESG Investment Annual Meeting, the Company was awarded the title of “Listed
    Company with Outstanding ESG Investment Value”, while Dr. Su Ertian, Chairman of the Board and Chief
    Executive Officer of the Company, received the title of “Business Leader with Outstanding ESG Influence”.
    The dual awards underscore the Company’s tangible achievements in ESG and high industry recognition.




                                                                                        2025 Annual Report   17
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


                                                            The past year has been a milestone year for Global New
                                                            Material International.

                                                            Against the backdrop of a complex and volatile global
                                                            economic environment and the ongoing reshaping of
                                                            industrial and value chains, the Company has achieved
                                                            a strategic leap with far-reaching implications for its
                                                            long-term development – evolving from a materials
                                                            enterprise distinguished by its regional advantages
                                                            to a surface performance materials group driven by
                                                            global capabilities. This year has not only witnessed
                                                            a significant expansion of the Company’s business
                                                            footprint, but also marked a systemic upgrade in its
                                                            strategic positioning, organizational capabilities and
                                                            global responsibilities.




I.   A STRATEGIC CHOICE SHAPING THE LONG-TERM LANDSCAPE
     Competition in the new materials industry has never been a contest of short-term scale, but a long-term
     rivalry of technological accumulation, industrial insight and global synergy capabilities.

     Based on an in-depth judgment of industry trends and a clear understanding of its own capability
     boundaries, Global New Material International has made a strategically pivotal choice for the Company’s
     future development in this year – to push forward the acquisition and integration of the internationally
     leading surface performance materials business. This decision is not driven by considerations of short-term
     expansion, but a systemic layout centred on core technological capabilities, product structure upgrading
     and the global customer system.

     Through this strategic initiative, the Company has achieved a notable enhancement in its technological
     depth, product breadth and global market coverage capabilities in the field of high-end pearlescent
     materials and related functional materials, laying a solid foundation for the Group to participate in higher-
     level international competition.




18     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                                              CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



II.   POST- ACQUISITION, GOVERNANCE AND INTEGRATION CAPABILITIES MATTER MORE
      The real challenge does not end with the completion of the transaction itself.

      The Group has always held the view that the criterion for the success of cross-border acquisition lies not
      in the transaction scale, but in the stable operation, organisational integration and sustained release of
      synergistic value subsequent to the acquisition. Accordingly, in advancing the integration process, the
      Company has adhered to the priority principles of business continuity, customer stability and team trust,
      and established a clear governance structure and a robust management mechanism.

      Based on respect for diverse cultural backgrounds and professional systems, the Group has advanced
      technological synergy, market synergy and R&D synergy in a phased manner, striving to forge long-
      term cooperative relationships under a shared vision. This process emphasises orderly progress and
      advancement with stability, laying a solid organisational foundation for the Group’s sustainable growth in
      the future.

III. TECHNOLOGY-CENTRIC LONG-TERMISM REMAINS UNCHANGED
      Regardless of the stage of development the enterprise reaches, technology remains the most fundamental
      cornerstone of Global New Material International.

      Over the past year, the Company has continued to increase investment in R&D and industrialisation in the
      fields of synthetic mica, high-end pearlescent materials and their related applications, and has consistently
      enhanced the performance stability, manufacturing efficiency and application adaptability of its products.
      Adhering to a customer demand-oriented approach, the Group drives the transformation of materials supply
      from a one-way provision model to collaborative development through in-depth participation in application-
      side innovation.

      This long-term oriented development approach has enabled the Company to maintain strategic resolve
      amid a complex environment and also laid a solid foundation for expanding into more high-end application
      scenarios in the future.




                                                                                            2025 Annual Report   19
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



IV. GLOBAL CAPABILITIES ARE EMERGING AS A KEY ASSET OF THE COMPANY
     As its business layout continues to deepen, Global New Material International is gradually building a global
     operation system covering R&D, production, sales and services.

     The Group has a clear understanding that genuine globalisation is not a simple replication, but a profound
     comprehension of and respect for diverse markets, cultures and customer demands. The Company
     will continue to enhance its cross-regional synergy capabilities and optimise the efficiency of resource
     allocation, enabling the global network to become a key asset underpinning long-term development, rather
     than a source of management complexity.

V.   RESPONSIBILITIES AND CONFIDENCE FOR THE FUTURE
     As the Group stands at this new stage of development, it is more acutely aware that the growth in scale and
     influence also entails greater responsibilities.

     Global New Material International will continue to adhere to the principles of prudent operation, cautious
     decision-making and sustainable development, and while creating commercial value, actively respond to the
     long-term requirements in terms of environmental, social and governance aspects. The Group believes that
     only on the basis of a clear governance structure and stable values can an enterprise truly navigate through
     cycles and earn long-term trust.

Looking ahead, the global materials industry will continue to evolve with both opportunities and challenges ahead.
Building on the strategic leap achieved in this year as a new starting point, Global New Material International will
continuously enhance its technological capabilities, global synergy capabilities and organisational resilience, and
steadily advance the Company’s long-term development goals on a broader international stage.

Finally, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our global
customers for their trust and cooperation, to our partners for their support, and to all our employees for their
professionalism and continuous dedication during this pivotal year. It is these joint efforts that have laid a solid
foundation for the Company to step into a new phase of development.




Dr. SU Ertian
Chairman of the Board of Directors




20      Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


INDUSTRY OVERVIEW
As key transitional year for the conclusion of China’s 14th Five-Year Plan and the preparation for the 15th Five-
Year Plan, the year of 2025 is the year of transformation and upgrading in the manufacturing industries, with the
continuous enhancement in the independent and controllable capability in the supply chains. As the cornerstone
to support the high-quality development of the manufacturing industries, the new material industry, driven by
the benefits of a sustainable and beneficial policy environment and steady expansion of the market demand,
has maintained a strong development resilience. As an important segment of the new material industry, surface
performance materials, under the combined drivers of policy support, technological innovation and increase in
the downstream demand, are moving towards a new stage of high-quality development featuring high-end, green
and worldwide coordinated developments, opening up an extended market space and development opportunities
for the enterprises in the industry. The following will systematically analyse the industry development trends
from the dimensions of industry development environment, competitive landscape, business model, core
influencing factors and risk uncertainties and elaborate on the Group’s response strategies and development
prospects.

Empowered by both policies and market demand the standard system continues to improve
The PRC government has treated the new material industry as a strategic emerging industry, and various
industrial policies and special arrangements have supported its development of high-performance functional
materials. For example, the high-quality artificial crystal materials have been included in the encouraged
category of the “Catalogue for the Guidance of Industrial Structure Adjustment (2024 Edition)”. The synthetic mica
is one of the Group’s core products and a type of high-quality artificial crystal material which forms part of the
above encouraged industries.

The industry standard system of the new material industry continues to improve and paves a solid foundation
for the standardised development of the industry. At present, the surface performance material industry has
established a standard system covering product quality, environmental protection and safety, application
adaptation and other aspects. Among them, the industry standards for core products, such as synthetic mica
and pearlescent materials, are formulated under the leadership of the Ministry of Industry and Information
Technology of the People’s Republic of China (the “MIIT”). The Group is deeply involved in the drafting and revision
of a number of core industry standards and is committed to continuously optimising and upgrading the industry
level.

In terms of policy implementation, projects related to synthetic mica are eligible for multiple policy benefits
including special fund support, tax incentives and R&D subsidies. As a core entity responsible for the synthetic
mica project – a key basic new material under the Industrial Strong Foundation Project of the MIIT, the Group
has directly benefited from such policy support. Meanwhile, the continuous tightening of environmental policies
has accelerated the elimination of outdated production capacity in the industry and further raised the threshold
for compliant and green development of the industry. Guangxi Chesir Pearl Technology Co., Ltd. (“Chesir Pearl”),
a subsidiary of the Company, has been included in the list of “National Green Factories” by the MIIT. With its
compliant and green production system, it precisely aligns with the policy directions of the PRC government.




                                                                                             2025 Annual Report   21
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



The market demand has shown a steady expansion trend, and industry prosperity continues to rise. According
to Frost & Sullivan’s industry research report commissioned by the Group, the global pearlescent material
market is forming a dual-engine pattern of “stable growth in the traditional sectors and high growth in the
emerging sectors”. From 2019 to 2025, the global market size grew from RMB17.16 billion to RMB30.43 billion,
representing a compound annual growth rate (“CAGR”) of 10.0%. The global market size is expected to exceed
RMB50.0 billion by 2030. China’s pearlescent material market has maintained a growth rate higher than the
global industry average. From 2019 to 2025, the overall market size grew from RMB4.10 billion to RMB7.85
billion, representing a CAGR of 11.4%. The overall market size is expected to exceed RMB13.5 billion by 2030.
From the perspective of the development trend of the global pearlescent material market, segmented sectors
maintained a rapid growth from 2019 to 2025. Among them, driven by the demand for new energy vehicles and
high-end automotive coatings, the demand for pearlescent materials in the automotive sector achieved a CAGR
of 33.9%, becoming the key driver of market growth. Benefiting from policy guidance and increasing demand for
green building materials, environmentally friendly coatings recorded a CAGR of 26.7%, demonstrating the market
potential underpinned by the dual attributes of “low carbon + high aesthetics”. Looking ahead to 2025–2030, as
the base of previously high-growth sectors continues to expand, new growth engines of the global pearlescent
material market will gradually extend to intelligent transportation, building-integrated photovoltaic (BIPV) and
high-end cosmetics sectors, injecting new growth momentum into the industry.

Industry concentration is increasing, with the development of “one superpower and multiple strong
players” taking place
At present, the superpower leadership impact on the global surface performance material industry continues
to become prominent, and the industrial resources are accelerating to concentrate on enterprises with global
R&D and production layout, full-category product matrix and full-chain technical capabilities. The industry
concentration has been steadily increasing, forming an industrial pattern where the global platform-based
leading enterprises, regional leading enterprises and segmented manufacturers develop together. Relying on
its multi-dimensional competitive advantages, the Group has firmly maintained a leading position in the global
surface performance materials industry. The core characteristics and comparison of various types of market
participants are as follows:

First, the global platform-based leaders, with profound technological accumulation and the distribution networks
covering global leading markets, such as the Group. These leaders can offer a full-range product portfolio and
have significant competitive advantages in high-end sectors. They enjoy distinct advantages including a strong
brand recognition and customer loyalty.

Second, the regional leading enterprises, which focus on the key regional markets such as Asia Pacific. With
quick and responsive local services and cost control capability, these regional enterprises occupy a certain share
of the mid-to-high-end market in the region. However, they face issues such as reliance on specific markets,
narrow product coverage and relatively weak competitiveness in the global market.

Third, specialised manufacturers in segmented fields, which focus on the development of substrates or specific
application scenarios and compete in the market with distinctive products or cost-performance advantages. Such
enterprises are relatively small in scale and act as supplements in the industrial structure.




22     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



In 2025, by strategically acquiring and integrating the Surface Solutions business of Merck KGaA, the Group
not only achieved leapfrog growth in its business scale, but also made a substantial breakthrough in its global
industrial footprint and position in the value chain, becoming a leader in the global Surface Solutions business
and effect materials and realising leapfrog development from a regional leader to a global pacesetter. As an
integrator and advocate in the global pearlescent pigment industry, the Group’s leading position in the industry
has been continuously strengthened through its ongoing global footprint, forming a development closed loop
of “integrating industry resources, formulating global standards, expanding overseas in line with the trend,
strengthening the leading position, and further integrating resources (整合行業資源,制定全球標準,順勢出海拓展,
強化龍頭地位,進一步整合資源)”.

As a transnational enterprise of surface performance materials with a global footprint, the Group’s core business
model is an integrated operation model of “technology-driven + global network + full-chain services”. Taking core
products such as synthetic mica, pearlescent materials and cosmetic actives as carriers and relying on the global
R&D, production and delivery system, the Group provides high-end, customised and green surface performance
material solutions for customers in more than 150 countries and regions around the world, realising the full
industrial chain value realisation from core substrate R&D to terminal application adaptation. The core advantage
of this business model is in the combination of the domestic mature industrial supply capacity and core
technological advantages with the global R&D and production network, effectively breaking through international
trade barriers and regional market restrictions, and achieving in-depth coverage of the global market.

In respect of the operating model, the Group has a full-process operational system of “R&D-Production-
Marketing-Service”. Six R&D centres have been established across Germany, China, Japan, South Korea and the
United States, which are focusing on the substrate innovation and the iteration of surface functional modification
technologies, with core R&D directions including upgrading synthetic mica technology, expanding new
material product lines, such as cosmetics and coatings, and developing colour schemes for high-performance
substrates. In 2025, R&D investment accounted for 4.52% of the revenue of the Group. For production, six
global manufacturing bases form a global supply chain system. The commencement of the production of the
100,000-tonne synthetic mica plant in Tonglu will further provide a stable supply of raw materials and enhance
economies of scale. For marketing, the Group adopts a combined model of “direct sales plus distribution”. Direct
sales are applied to high-end customers, such as world-leading brands, to ensure an in-depth cooperation, while
distribution is adopted for regional small and medium-sized customers to expand market coverage. For services,
in response to customised requirements (such as material performance parameters, appearance effects and
application adaptability), the Group provides full-process services from R&D design, sample testing to bulk
delivery, and relies on the global warehousing, distribution and local service system to provide fast-response
delivery support, achieving high-efficiency delivery capabilities in major markets.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   23
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



After years of in-depth cultivation, the Group has established four core moats:

First,       technological advantage : it has built a full-chain technological innovation platform, mastered core
             technologies for synthetic mica and pearlescent materials, and participated in the drafting of a number
             of industry standards, establishing solid technological barriers.

Second, customer certification and channel advantage : through mergers and acquisitions, it has integrated
        global customer resources and built a global channel network, achieving efficient response and high
        customer loyalty.

Third,       global manufacturing and delivery advantage : relying on six R&D centres, six manufacturing bases
             and six application centres across Europe, Asia and the Americas, it has formed a global supply chain
             system, and the 100,000-tonne synthetic mica plant in Tonglu will further secure raw material supply.

Fourth,      scale and cost advantage : with world-leading production capacity scale, it has achieved economies of
             scale; through full-industry-chain integration and multi-dimensional synergy, it has reduced costs and
             improved efficiency, continuously consolidating its competitive strength.

GROUP RESULTS AND HIGHLIGHTS
In 2025, the Group actively responded to the national strategies of “Manufacturing Powerhouse” and “High-Quality
Development”, and adhered to the dual-wheel drive of “Organic Growth and Acquisitive Expansion (內源式發展
與外延式擴張)”, making key progress in establishing the global footprints and the upgrading of the industrial
chain. Through the successful acquisition and integration of the internationally leading surface solutions
business, the Group further consolidated its leading position in the global surface performance materials sector.
With the practice of a Chinese enterprise integrating world-class resources, the Group fully demonstrated the
competitiveness of “Smart Manufacturing in China” to the world, and steadily advanced towards the goal of
becoming a global surface performance materials platform enterprise.

(1) Financial performance
         In 2025, the Group recorded a total revenue of RMB2,917.2 million, representing an increase of 76.9%
         compared with the total revenue of RMB1,648.8 million in the corresponding period last year. In 2025, the
         revenue proportions of the three main business segments, namely PRC Business Operation, Korea Business
         Operation and Germany Business Operation, were 56.2%, 9.8% and 34.0%, respectively.

         In 2025, the Group recorded cost of goods sold of RMB1,758.9 million, representing an increase of 130.2%
         as compared with the cost of goods sold of RMB764.1 million in 2024.




24         Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



        In 2025, the Group achieved gross profit of RMB1,140.1 million, representing an increase of 30.5% as compared
        with the gross profit of RMB873.7 million in 2024. The increase in gross profit was mainly attributable to the
        growth in revenue scale. The overall gross profit margin was 39.1%, representing a decrease of 13.9 percentage
        points as compared with the gross profit margin of 53.0% in 2024. On the one hand, it was due to the accounting
        impact arising from the acquisition (the fair value increment of inventories was recognised into cost of inventories
        in a single amount as at acquisition date, resulting in a reduction in gross profit of RMB159.1 million). On the other
        hand, the German Business Operation, with production bases located in high-cost countries such as Germany,
        the United States and Japan, had a lower gross profit margin than the Group’s mature businesses in China and
        Korea. In 2025, the average gross profit margin of the Group’s PRC Business Operation and Korea Business
        Operation remained stable with an increase, representing an increase of 0.2 percentage points as compared with
        2024.

        In 2025, the Group recorded a net loss of RMB306.4 million, representing a decrease of RMB626.7 million
        compared with the net profit of RMB320.3 million in 2024. Excluding the impact of one-off items such as
        acquisitions and fair value adjustments on assets, the adjusted net profit1 was RMB254.7 million, representing a
        decrease of RMB65.2 million compared with RMB319.9 million in the same period of 2024.

        In 2025, the Group recorded the adjusted EBITDA of RMB843.7 million, representing an increase of
        RMB231.1 million compared with the adjusted EBITDA of RMB612.6 million in 2024. Among them, German
        Business Operation acquired on 31 July 2025 contributed an incremental amount of RMB116.1 million to the
        Group’s adjusted EBITDA during its five months of operation.

(2) Business review
        In 2025, the Group continued with its established development strategy and maintained a steady operation
        pace. It continued to enhance its global influence in the field of surface performance materials, consolidated
        its leading position in the industry and achieved key strategic breakthroughs. In 2025, the Group successfully
        completed the strategic acquisition and relevant closing of the Surface Solutions business of Merck KGaA,
        marking an important step forward in global mergers and acquisitions and collaborative integration.



Note:

1
        To supplement our consolidated results prepared and presented in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards,
        we also use adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net profit as additional financial measures, which are not required or presented under
        International Financial Reporting Standards. We believe that these non-IFRS measures facilitate the comparison of operating
        performance across periods by eliminating the potential impact of items that our management does not consider indicative of our
        operating performance, such as certain non-cash or one-off items and the effect of acquisition transactions. The use of these non-IFRS
        measures as an analytical tool has limitations, and they should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for analysis of,
        our operating results or financial condition as reported under International Financial Reporting Standards. In addition, the definitions of
        these non-IFRS measures may differ from those of similar terms used by other companies.

        Adjusted EBITDA refers to the profit/(loss) for the year excluding the following items: (i) changes in fair value of financial liabilities
        measured at fair value through profit or loss, finance costs, and tax credit/(expense); and (ii) certain non-cash or one-off items,
        including one-off transaction costs and professional fees relating to acquisitions, business integration costs, fair value adjustments
        arising from acquisitions, amortisation of intangible assets, depreciation of property, plant and equipment, and certain impairment and
        reversal of provisions/(provisions).




                                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report      25
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     This strategic acquisition has enabled the Group to achieve leapfrog growth in business scale and
     comprehensively enhanced its technological accumulation and brand influence in the high-end materials
     sector. Through integrating the technical system and research and development capabilities with over
     60 years of experience in serving top global customers, the Group has further improved its research and
     development methodology, enriched its core customer resources and deepened long-term cooperative
     relationships. These factors have constructed high industry entry barriers and long-term value, significantly
     enhanced the Group’s comprehensive competitiveness in the global high-end materials sector, and laid a
     critical foundation for building a world-class surface performance materials platform enterprise.

     In 2025, with the integration of the German Business Operation, the Group’s total revenue achieved
     significant growth, and its business structure demonstrated a more prominent high-end characteristic;
     overseas market expansion accelerated and the customer base became more diversified.

     Affected by factors such as increased integration costs, financing costs and relevant one-off expenses
     arising from the large-scale acquisition, the Group’s short-term profitability indicators were under certain
     pressure. Although profitability was temporarily affected in 2025, such strategic investments helped the
     Group to consolidate the foundation of its global competitiveness and strengthen its long-term sustainable
     development capabilities.

     The Group closely seized the opportunities arising from global industrial development. Relying on the
     professional capabilities and efficient collaboration of its global team, the Group successfully established a
     global synergistic business structure covering high-end, mid-end and low-end product markets, and built
     a synergistic operating system covering all market segments and radiating globally. The Group achieved
     all-round upgrading from technological research and development, product portfolio and manufacturing
     delivery to marketing network. Through a series of solid measures, the Group strengthened its core
     competitiveness to navigate through cycles and achieve sustainable development.

     The table below sets forth the Group’s revenue by reportable segments:

                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                   2025                       2024
                                                             Revenue                    Revenue
                                                             RMB’000            %       RMB’000                %

     PRC Business Operation                                 1,640,090         56.2      1,332,170            80.8
     Korea Business Operation                                 285,488          9.8        316,593            19.2
     Germany Business Operation                               991,657         34.0             —               —
     Total                                                  2,917,235       100.0       1,648,763          100.0




26     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



In 2025, the revenue of the PRC Business Operation segment amounted to RMB1,640.1 million, representing
an increase of 23.1% as compared with the revenue of RMB1,332.2 million in 2024; its proportion of
total revenue was 56.2%. This growth was mainly attributable to the release of production capacity for
pearlescent pigment products and the optimization of the product structure, resulting from the steady
ramp-up of the Phase 2 production plant in Liuzhou with an annual capacity of 30,000 tonnes of pearlescent
materials, which has now entered a critical phase of ramping up production. Meanwhile, revenue from
natural mica-based and synthetic mica-based pearlescent pigment products has steadily increased.

In 2025, Korea Business Operation achieved revenue of RMB285.5 million. Korea Business Operation
maintained steady development with an addition of 22 product types and an increase of 5.5% in the average
selling price of principal products. However, affected by the US tariff policy and short-term pressure on
demand in the high-end cosmetics market in the PRC, sales volume declined. Excluding the effect of the
depreciation of KRW against the Renminbi, revenue decreased slightly by 6.0% as compared with the
revenue of RMB316.6 million in 2024.

On 1 August 2025, Germany Business Operation were formally consolidated into the Group, contributing
revenue of RMB991.7 million, accounting for 34.0% of the Group’s total revenue in 2025. Following the
completion of the acquisition, the principal businesses achieved a smooth and orderly transition, the
cooperative relationships with core customers remained stable, and daily production and operation as well
as market operations gradually returned to normal.

In 2025, the Group recorded a net reversal of impairment losses on trade receivables, bills receivable and
other receivables of RMB0.4 million, compared with RMB6.6 million in 2024. Selling expenses amounted
to RMB412.8 million, representing an increase of 332.3% from RMB95.5 million in 2024, mainly due to the
selling expenses of RMB289.4 million incurred by the German Business Operation consolidated into the
Group’s consolidated financial statements in 2025 (for a consolidation period of five months); meanwhile,
selling expenses, transportation expenses, employee remuneration and marketing expenses of the PRC
Business Operation and Korea Business Operation increased correspondingly along with the growth in
sales volume. Administrative and other operating expenses amounted to RMB595.2 million, representing
an increase of 126.8% from RMB262.4 million in 2024, mainly due to the administrative and other operating
expenses incurred by the German Business Operation consolidated into the Group’s consolidated financial
statements in 2025 (for a consolidation period of five months); fees for professional services engaged
in connection with the acquisition; additional employee costs for the merger and acquisition team; and
increased amortisation of intangible assets. Finance costs increased from RMB118.4 million in 2024 to
RMB333.4 million in 2025, representing an increase of 181.5%, mainly due to increased bank loans and
other borrowings, as well as increased interest expenses arising from lease liabilities and defined benefit
pension plans. Income tax expense increased from RMB86.0 million in 2024 to RMB105.9 million in 2025,
mainly due to the expansion of the Group’s PRC Business Operation and the consolidation of the German
Business Operation into the Group.




                                                                                     2025 Annual Report   27
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     •      Deepened global market synergy with remarkable results achieved in high-end penetration
            The Group adheres to a customer value-centric approach and steadily promotes the sales expansion
            of medium-to-high-end products in core markets such as Europe and the United States through the
            optimal allocation of global resources. Benefiting from the expansion of the global sales network, in
            2025, the Group’s sales in Europe increased by 555.0% year-on-year, sales in North America increased
            by 1,047.5% year-on-year, and sales in Asia (excluding the PRC), Africa and South America all more
            than doubled.

            The table below sets forth sales revenue by geographical region:

                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                     2025                      2024
                                                               RMB’000            %      RMB’000             %

            The PRC                                           1,809,932         62.1    1,363,588          82.7
            Asia (other than the PRC)                           350,107         12.0      169,225          10.3
            Europe                                              409,607         14.0       62,534           3.8
            North America                                       208,442          7.1       18,165           1.1
            South America                                        92,092          3.2       25,224           1.5
            Africa                                               43,141          1.5       10,027           0.6
            Others                                                3,914          0.1           —             —
            Total                                             2,917,235        100.0    1,648,763         100.0

            The Group’s customers are mainly trading company customers and end customers. The former resells
            products to customers with no direct contractual relationship with the Group. End customers refer
            to customers who use pearlescent pigment products for their own use and production purposes. In
            2025, the Group’s sales to trading company customers amounted to RMB1,748.5 million, representing
            a year-on-year increase of 27.1%; sales to global end customers amounted to RMB1,168.8 million,
            representing a substantial year-on-year increase of 328.6%, accounting for 40.1% of total sales,
            representing an increase of 23.6 percentage points compared with 16.5% in 2024.




28       Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



The table below sets forth sales revenue by end-user customers and product category:

                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                    2025                           2024
                                              RMB’000               %        RMB’000                    %

Trading company customers
– Pearlescent pigment products               1,586,605            54.4      1,273,209                 77.2
– Functional mica filler                        91,444             3.1         83,854                  5.1
– Cosmetic active ingredients                   55,241             1.9             —                    —
– Others                                        15,174             0.5         19,029                  1.2
                                             1,748,464            59.9      1,376,092                 83.5

End-user customers
– Pearlescent pigment products                 946,918            32.5        255,016                 15.5
– Functional mica filler                        84,622             2.9          8,928                  0.5
– Cosmetic active ingredients                  132,189             4.5             —                    —
– Others                                         5,042             0.2          8,727                  0.5
                                             1,168,771            40.1        272,671                 16.5
Total                                        2,917,235           100.0      1,648,763                100.0

The Group has successfully entered the supply chain systems of the world’s top luxury automobile
brands and become a core supplier of leading international cosmetics groups. Such high-end
collaborations are characterised by high certification barriers and strong customer loyalty, which
not only help enhance the profitability and stability of the Group’s revenue but also enable the Group
to obtain brand premium and industry influence in the global high-end market. Currently, the Group
has established an integrated “R&D-Manufacturing-Marketing” synergistic network covering more
than 150 countries and regions globally. Relying on the customers in Europe, Asia (including the PRC)
and the Americas as well as local operation teams, the Group has achieved rapid coverage and agile
response to major global markets, precisely addressing the demands of regional customers, while
maintaining industry-leading customer retention rate and repurchase rate.

The Group’s global sales team is promoting joint solutions to key customers focusing on key industries
including industrial coatings, new energy vehicles and cosmetics. The first batch of synergy orders has
been implemented in various regions, and sample delivery and certification on a global basis are also
underway. Meanwhile, the Group has successfully introduced global specialty materials technologies
into the PRC market to support the products of a number of mainstream domestic automobile
manufacturers and leading new energy vehicle enterprises, and provides innovative material solutions
for the world’s leading BIPV manufacturers.




                                                                                2025 Annual Report      29
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     •      Innovation-driven structure optimisation and diversified cultivation of growth engines
            The Group has continued to advance its product iteration, innovation and high-end strategy, with the
            sales proportion of high-end products such as automotive coating applications and cosmetic products
            continuing to increase. As of the end of 2025, the Group provided a total of 5,056 products, with 2,884
            new additions during the year, representing a continuous enrichment of product lines.

            The table below sets forth revenue by the Group’s major products:

                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                             2025                                  2024
                                                                       RMB’000                     %         RMB’000                     %

            Pearlescent pigment products                             2,533,523                  86.9        1,528,263                 92.7
            Functional mica filler(1)                                  176,066                   6.0           92,782                  5.6
            Cosmetic active ingredients                                187,430                   6.4               —                    —
            Others                                                      20,216                   0.7           27,718                  1.7
            Total                                                    2,917,235                100.0         1,648,763                100.0

            Note:

            (1)     The Group produces functional mica filler of different granule sizes, which can be used by the Group for the production of
                    synthetic mica-based pearlescent pigment products. The functional mica filler can also be sold to the customers of the
                    Group, in most cases upon the customers’ requests, as their raw materials for the production of functional mica filler,
                    insulating materials, refractory materials and nickel-hydrogen batteries.

            The pearlescent pigment business is the foundation for the Group’s steady development. In 2025,
            revenue from pearlescent pigment products amounted to RMB2,533.5 million, accounting for 86.9%
            of the total revenue, representing an increase of RMB1,005.3 million compared with the revenue
            of RMB1,528.3 million in 2024, with a growth rate of 65.8%. The increase in revenue from sales of
            pearlescent pigment products was mainly attributable to the growth in sales volume of pearlescent
            pigment products of the PRC Business Operation and the increase in average selling price of the Korea
            Business Operation, as well as the consolidation of the five-month revenue of the German Business
            Operation into the Group’s accounts in 2025.

            In 2025, the Group’s mica functional fillers recorded revenue of RMB176.1 million, accounting for
            6.0% of total sales, representing an increase of RMB83.3 million compared with the sales amount
            of RMB92.8 million in 2024, representing a growth of 89.8%. Such an increase was attributable to
            the rising demand for functional mica filler products as well as the increased production volume of
            functional mica filler products owing to technological improvements and the commercial operation of
            newly added equipment.




30       Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



In 2025, the Group’s cosmetic active ingredients products recorded revenue of RMB187.4 million,
accounting for 6.4% of total revenue, representing a new business added during the year.

Leveraging the independently controlled global R&D system, the Group has successfully launched
a number of innovative products and technologies tailored to market demands. In 2025, the Group
successfully launched the next-generation RonaFlair® White Sapphire NXT high-performance white
sapphire material, laser marking material Iriotec® 8214, and innovative color solutions for specific
markets such as “Snow Leopard White”. The Group has made a breakthrough in the field of weather-
resistant pigments dedicated to BIPV, achieving key advancements in the long-standing industry
challenge of coloring technology optimisation.

The Group’s innovation capabilities have been repeatedly recognised. During the year, the project
“Innovation and Application of Synthetic Mica-based Pearlescent Pigment Preparation Technology” was
awarded the Science and Technology Progress Award by the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry
Federation. The cutting-edge R&D projects participated by the Group (such as the smart material
technology that perceives equipment abnormalities through colour changes) were rated “Excellent”,
and reached the practical application level, marking phased progress in the field of smart materials
and sensing applications and laying a foundation for future growth.

Leveraging the advantages of its proprietary technology platform, the Group continues to expand the
boundaries of its product portfolio and actively explore diverse application areas, expanding future
growth space and fostering a second growth curve through the deployment of high value-added and
high-growth potential products.

In the field of personal care active ingredients and functional materials, the Group has strong
innovation capabilities and market competitiveness, and its core ingredients hold leading market
shares and customer recognition in key efficacy segments including moisturising, whitening,
sun protection and anti-aging, with flagship brands such as IR3535®, the gold standard for insect
repellents, the potent antioxidant RonaCare® and the advanced UV filter Eusolex®; in the field of high-
end effect pigments, relying on core patent protection and scale commercial production capacity, the
Group’s flake alumina technology platform constitutes the core professional barrier for the Xirallic®
pigment series, establishing a sustainable competitive advantage in high value-added markets such
as automotive and industrial coatings. These layouts unlock significant long-term growth space for the
Group. With acute market insight, stable product quality control capabilities and resource integration
capabilities, the Group actively seizes growth opportunities in emerging markets and segments. In the
new energy vehicle sector, the Group not only provides customised coating solutions for a number
of renowned automakers but also collaborates in the research and development of next-generation
smart color-changing vehicle coating technologies, leading industry trends; in the green building
sector, the eco-friendly pigments and functional materials launched by the Group have contributed
to the dual enhancement of aesthetics and energy efficiency in BIPV projects, winning wide market
acclaim. Through these forward-looking layouts and sustained innovation, the Group is gradually
building a diversified and high value-added business ecosystem, laying a solid foundation for its
sustainable growth in the future.




                                                                                2025 Annual Report   31
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     •      Smart chain global presence enhances resilience, with focus on the volume and the quality to
            consolidate advantages
            The Group has established six manufacturing bases, six R&D centers and six application centers
            across Europe, Asia and the Americas, forming a complementary global production network featuring
            “high-end customisation, special applications and scale manufacturing” to meet the global customers’
            demands ranging from personalised solutions to scale supply. Each base has a clear positioning: the
            existing production facilities in Germany, the United States and Japan focus on serving the top global
            brand customers for functional coatings and cosmetic raw materials; the specialty materials produced
            in Korea specialise in the flexible production and cutting-edge color technologies; the high-efficiency
            production base in the PRC serves as the scale manufacturing hub, with the production of synthetic
            mica to ensure a constant supply of core substrates and strengthens cost advantages. Such a network
            helps improve cross-regional delivery efficiency and supply resilience, and can effectively respond to
            challenges arising from the complex international environment.

            In 2025, through the global production capacity layout and in-depth integration of the entire industrial
            chain, the Group has continuously promoted the intelligent and automated transformation of the
            industrial chain, forming a certain scale economy effect. In 2025, the Group deployed a vertical AI
            application system for materials based on mainstream artificial intelligence large model technologies,
            established a global supply chain management system, and realised visualised management and
            control of the entire process from raw material procurement, production and manufacturing to
            logistics and distribution; the Group held an AI Application Competition and achieved phased results
            such as the transformation of organisational AI cognition, facilitating the digital transformation
            process.

            In terms of production capacity upgrading, in 2025, the second-phase plant of Liuzhou with an
            annual output of 30,000 tonnes of pearlescent materials has been put into steady operation and
            entered the crucial stage of capacity ramp-up; the main construction of the Hangzhou Tonglu
            Asia Pacific Headquarters and the project with an annual output of 100,000 tonnes of surface
            performance materials has been completed, production equipment has been successively installed
            and commissioned, and the project was successfully commissioned and put into operation in February
            2026. The commissioning of these production capacities will further enhance the Group’s independent
            supply capacity of high-end synthetic mica, effectively expand the supply capacity of the Group’s
            overall product portfolio and strengthen the delivery capacity of the vertical industrial chain.

            The Group ranks among the global leaders in both pearlescent material and synthetic mica production
            capacities, effectively diluting unit costs in raw material procurement, production and manufacturing,
            logistics and distribution and other links through scale production, and enhancing product profitability
            and market competitiveness. Meanwhile, the Group has established a collaborative cost control
            mechanism covering the entire business chain: mastering the core technology of synthetic mica to
            achieve independent control and cost optimisation of raw materials; promoting the collaborative
            operation of global businesses to reduce comprehensive operating costs; strengthening the linkage
            between R&D and production to achieve the dual goals of green compliance and cost management and
            control, and continuously consolidating core competitive advantages.




32       Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



    •    Renewed corporate governance system to consolidate the foundation for global operations
         Taking the completion of major international mergers and acquisitions as an opportunity, the Group
         has optimised the three-level governance structure of “Group-Business Division-Region” in accordance
         with the principle of “Global Coordination, Local Deep Cultivation”, clarified the boundaries of rights and
         responsibilities, and established an efficient and normalised cross-regional collaboration and decision-
         making mechanism to facilitate strategy implementation and execution closed-loop.

         In terms of talent and cultural integration, the Group has steadily retained the core teams of the
         acquired businesses, implemented a global talent management system integrating performance
         appraisal and long-term incentives, respected regional cultural differences and promoted the in-
         depth integration of the Group’s core values. In 2025, through the establishment and implementation
         of the global governance system, the Group has steadily advanced the organisational and operational
         integration of various businesses, achieved a smooth transition of customers and business, and
         injected strong organisational momentum into long-term sustainable development.

(3) R&D and innovation
    Research and development and innovation are the underpinnings for the Group to build long-term core
    competitiveness and consolidate its leading position in the global industry, as well as the core engine
    driving the Group’s strategic transformation into a “world-leading surface performance materials platform
    enterprise”.

    In 2025, the Group firmly implemented the three-in-one R&D strategy of “University Collaboration,
    Independent R&D and Global Integration”, systematically promoted technological innovation, product
    upgrading and application expansion around key business areas such as synthetic mica, high-end flake
    alumina, pearlescent materials, active ingredients and industrial functional materials, ensuring that R&D
    achievements closely align with market demand and laying a solid technical foundation for the Group’s
    sustainable development.

    In terms of R&D system construction, the Group has further improved the whole-chain innovation system
    of “substrate R&D-surface functional modification-terminal formulation adaptation”. Relying on the global
    R&D network covering China, Germany, Korea, Japan and the United States, the Group has deeply integrated
    global R&D resources and capabilities, realised cross-regional collaboration and efficient sharing of
    technologies, talents and achievements, formed an integrated innovation model of “global R&D, regional
    transformation”, and significantly improved R&D efficiency and industrialisation implementation speed.

    In terms of R&D investment, the Group has continuously strengthened resource support to ensure the
    stability and sustainability of investment. Following the inclusion of the German Business Operation in the
    consolidation scope, the scale of the Group’s R&D investment has further expanded, with R&D expenditure
    increasing by 47.4% year-on-year in 2025, providing a solid guarantee for technological innovation. As of the
    end of 2025, the Group’s technological moat has been continuously broadened and its platform advantages
    have been continuously consolidated.




                                                                                            2025 Annual Report   33
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     In terms of supply chain and manufacturing collaboration, the Group has established a diversified and
     resilient supply chain system based on its global layout, realising full-process visual management and
     control, continuously promoting the independent control of key raw materials such as synthetic mica, and
     providing stable and efficient material support for R&D. Relying on the six manufacturing bases, six R&D
     centers and six application centers located in Europe, Asia and the Americas, the Group promotes close
     linkage between R&D and production, facilitates rapid alignment of technical requirements and process
     standards, forms a closed loop of “R&D-production-feedback-optimisation”, and accelerates achievement
     transformation and capacity improvement.

     In terms of quality and compliance management and control, the Group has always adhered to its mission
     of “Creating Beautiful Colours for the World through Dedication of Premium Quality Products”, established
     a strict quality management system covering the entire process of R&D, procurement, production, testing
     and delivery, and ensured that product performance is stable and reliable and complies with global market
     standards. As of the end of 2025, the total number of the Group’s products reached 5,056, forming a full
     product portfolio with multiple substrates and full scenarios, which can meet the personalised needs of
     customers in various industries. The Group has deeply integrated the concept of compliance into the entire
     R&D process, achieving integrated high-quality development of “R&D-manufacturing-compliance”.

     In terms of the focus of global R&D layout, in line with the development trends of high-end, green and
     globalised surface performance materials industry, the Group focuses on three core directions to achieve
     key breakthroughs:

     1.      Upgrade the core technology of synthetic mica, continuously optimise production processes, enhance
             core product performance and expand production capacity, with a focus on expanding its application
             scenarios in high-value-added sectors including high-end cosmetics, environmental coatings and new
             energy;

     2.      Promote the high-end development and multi-scenario application of pearlescent materials, develop
             high-value-added products with high weather resistance and high gloss, and concurrently expand
             into the BIPV coloured photovoltaic module sector to drive integrated innovation of “materials +
             construction + energy”; and

     3.      Optimise global collaborative manufacturing technologies, enhance the level of intelligent and
             automated production, facilitate cost reduction and efficiency enhancement, and consolidate the
             industry-leading position.

     In terms of commercialisation, the Group has established a diversified transformation pathway featuring
     “technology empowerment, product support, channel penetration and ecological collaboration”,
     continuously translating R&D and innovation advantages into market advantages and operating benefits,
     driving the sustained improvement of global market share and brand influence, and achieving the two-way
     empowerment of innovation value and commercial value.




34        Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



(4) Risks and responses
    In the course of continuing operations, the Group is exposed to multi-dimensional risks and challenges
    arising from the operational level, the macro-environment and cross-border businesses, which may have
    an impact on production and operations, financial position and future development.

    The Group’s businesses are global in scope, and cross-border and cross-cultural business integration
    involves core segments including sales, research and development and supply chains. Any
    underperformance in the coordinated advancement of such segments may affect the pace of achievement
    of the Group’s profit targets. The Group’s core products are applied in industries including new energy
    vehicles, high-end cosmetics and green building materials, and the growth momentum of downstream
    industries directly affects the market demand scale of surface performance materials. A slowdown in
    growth or cyclical adjustment in downstream industries may exert certain constraints on the market
    demand for the Group’s products, thereby adversely affecting the Group’s operating results. Furthermore,
    the prices of key raw materials for the production of synthetic mica are affected by multiple factors
    including market supply and demand, international situations and regulatory policies, and are subject to
    uncertainties of fluctuations. Any changes in such prices will be directly passed on to production costs,
    affecting the stability of the Group’s profitability.

    The Group’s sales to customers in more than 150 countries and regions globally with a high proportion of
    overseas revenue, and its daily operations involve multi-currency settlements. Exchange rate fluctuations,
    influenced by factors such as the global economic situation, geopolitics and adjustments to monetary
    policies of various countries, may give rise to exchange gains or losses upon the translation of the Group’s
    foreign currency assets, liabilities and earnings into the reporting currency, thereby affecting the stability
    of the Group’s financial results. Meanwhile, there are significant differences among countries and regions
    in laws and regulations, industry standards, environmental requirements and data security, with relevant
    policies subject to ongoing dynamic adjustments. Failure by the Group to promptly adapt to the regulatory
    requirements of various jurisdictions, or any compliance oversights in cross-border fund flows, intellectual
    property protection and product certification, may expose the Group to risks including administrative
    penalties, litigation or arbitration, hindering its global business layout. The current international economic
    and trade environment is complex and volatile, with a resurgence of trade protectionism. Some countries
    and regions may impose restrictions on cross-border trade through measures such as tariff hikes, the
    establishment of technical barriers or the implementation of export controls. In the event that major
    overseas markets are embroiled in trade frictions, the Group may face increased export costs and
    prolonged customs clearance procedures, affecting its overseas business expansion and profitability.
    Furthermore, global economic growth is subject to cyclical fluctuations. Downward pressures such as
    economic recession, high inflation or weak consumer demand will directly lead to reduced investment and
    shrinking market demand in downstream industries, and may trigger a chain reaction including supply
    chain disruptions and increased financing costs.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   35
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     In response to the above risks and challenges, the Group will adhere to the principle of “proactive prevention
     and control, systematic response and long-term management”, and focus on establishing a comprehensive
     risk prevention, control and capability enhancement system featuring “technology leadership, supply
     chain collaboration, in-depth customer engagement, compliance support and macro adaptation”, so as to
     continuously consolidate its core competitiveness in global operations.

     In respect of technology, the Group will continue to advance research and development innovation, improve
     the establishment of a full-chain technological innovation platform, and establish a long-term incentive
     and retention mechanism for core technical personnel, accelerate the iteration of substrate innovation and
     surface functional modification technologies, and effectively hedge against the risk of demand fluctuations
     in downstream industries through differentiated product competition. In respect of supply chain, the Group
     will coordinate the optimisation and efficient release of production capacity at research and development
     and production bases in various regions, establish a global resilient supply chain system, and strengthen
     supply chain stability through digital management and control, multi-regional supplier layout and strategic
     inventory reserves; meanwhile, the Group will establish a real-time monitoring and early warning
     mechanism for raw material prices, and flexibly adopt tools such as long-term agreements and hedging to
     ensure global delivery efficiency and rapid market response capability.

     In respect of markets and customers, the Group will take the initiative to advance service procedures,
     efficiently promote customer certification, continuously optimise the channel network covering more than
     150 countries and regions, upgrade the global customer service system, and actively diversify customer
     portfolio and product application scenarios, so as to reduce reliance on a single industry and a single
     market and enhance the quality of market expansion and risk resistance capacity. In respect of compliance
     management, the Group will set up a professional compliance management team, establish a dynamic
     tracking mechanism for global compliance policies, keep abreast of changes in compliance requirements
     relating to environmental protection, product safety, data security and cross-border trade in various regions
     in real time, establish a rapid response mechanism for policy adaptation, and strengthen full-process
     compliance review of cross-border businesses, so as to ensure that products fully meet the market access
     standards of various regions and effectively prevent cross-border compliance risks.

     In response to exchange rate and macroeconomic risks, the Group will establish a regular exchange rate
     monitoring and analysis mechanism, and flexibly adopt financial instruments such as foreign exchange
     hedging and multi-currency settlement optimization to reasonably hedge against exchange risks;
     meanwhile, the Group will strengthen dynamic analysis of global markets, optimize overseas market layout,
     expand diversified export channels, and fully tap the potential of the domestic demand market so as to
     reduce reliance on a single market. Through measures including lean operation, cost control and cash flow
     management, the Group will continuously enhance its overall anti-cyclical capability.

     The Group will continue to monitor the evolution of various risks, dynamically optimize risk prevention and
     control measures, continuously enhance risk management capabilities and safeguard the sustainable,
     healthy and stable development of the Company.




36     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



(5) Green and low-carbon development and social responsibility
    The Group has always adhered to the core mission of “Create Beautiful Colours for the World through
    Dedication of Premium Quality Products”, deeply integrated green and low-carbon development and social
    responsibility performance into its development strategy, upheld the philosophy of “Green Manufacturing
    and Ecological Enterprise Establishment (綠色製造、生態立企)” and the core values of “Integrity,
    Innovation, Leadership and Harmony”, built core competitiveness through scientific and technological
    innovation, and committed to fostering a sustainable development ecosystem for the high-performance
    surface performance materials industry. In 2025, the Group achieved a series of substantive progress in
    green and low-carbon practices, with simultaneous emergence of green benefits and commercial value.

    In 2025, the Group empowered industrial upgrading through technology, promoting the dual enhancement
    of green benefits and economic benefits. The 5.9MWp rooftop distributed photovoltaic project of the Guangxi
    Phase I Factory was successfully connected to the grid for power generation. Adopting the innovative model
    of BIPV plus “self-consumption of generated power with surplus power connected to the grid (自發自用、
    餘電上網)”, the project has not only become a benchmark for green manufacturing, but also effectively
    reduced production and operation costs: it is expected to save 1,550 tonnes of standard coal and reduce
    carbon dioxide emissions by over 5,120 tonnes per annum, aligning with the global low-carbon policy trend;
    its average annual power generation can reach 6 million kWh, directly bringing millions of RMB in annual
    electricity cost savings. The new R&D building in Korea was inaugurated simultaneously, featuring coloured
    BIPV photovoltaic panels as its core characteristic, achieving the deep integration of green energy, intelligent
    manufacturing and cutting-edge R&D functions. It not only represents the tangible implementation of the
    “Materials + Innovation + Full-scenario” global high-end materials strategy, but also demonstrates the
    application potential of green materials to global customers through architectural demonstration effects,
    laying a tangible case foundation for market expansion.

    Industry collaboration is pivotal to enhancing green value. The Group has strengthened cooperation with
    industry leaders including LONGi Green Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (隆基綠能科技股份有限公司) and
    CENTER International Group Co., Ltd. (森特士興集團股份有限公司), facilitating the integrated development
    of “materials, manufacturing, scenarios and ecology”. Through collaborative innovation, the dedicated
    pearlescent pigment solution has been successfully applied to new energy building scenarios such as BIPV,
    which not only breaks through the constraints of conventional materials and expands the application scope
    of green materials, but also provides vital support for creating a new profit growth curve by leveraging the
    channel resources and market influence of its partners.

    The Group’s sustainable development practices have been widely recognised by authoritative institutions at
    home and abroad. In 2025, the Group was awarded the “Best Practice Award for Technological Innovation”
    at the 2nd Sino-European Corporate ESG Best Practice Conference; and won the title of “Listed Company
    with Outstanding ESG Investment Value” at the Hong Kong Global ESG Investment Annual Conference and
    Annual Outstanding ESG Value List, while Chairman Su Ertian was honoured as “Business Leader with
    Outstanding ESG Influence”. The Group will continue to optimise its ESG management system and fully
    integrate the ESG philosophy into all aspects of the Group’s operations, adhering to stringent environmental
    and social responsibility standards from raw material procurement, production and manufacturing to
    product sales and after-sales services.




                                                                                             2025 Annual Report   37
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     In 2025, a number of certifications and awards of the Group’s subsidiaries directly empowered business
     expansion and profitability improvement. It was successfully awarded the EcoVadis Gold Certification
     for sustainable development in Korea. As a globally recognised assessment standard for corporate
     social responsibility, such certification serves as a “green passport” to access high-end international
     supply chains, and will continuously support the Group in maintaining a competitive edge in cross-border
     cooperation. The “Intelligentisation of Pearlescent Pigment Production Process” project was recognised as
     a “Korea K-Smart Lighthouse Factory”, marking the comprehensive upgrade of the Group’s global green
     and intelligent manufacturing capabilities, with simultaneous improvement in production efficiency and
     product quality stability, enhancing local competitiveness in the Korean and Southeast Asian markets. The
     “2025 High-Quality Supplier of Coating Raw Materials Award” and the “Science and Technology Progress
     Award” granted by the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation (for the project “Innovation
     and Application of Synthetic Mica-based Pearlescent Pigment Preparation Technology”) attest to the
     Group’s technological innovation strength and product quality, providing important endorsement for the
     development of the high-end coating market and helping enhance product premium capacity and market
     share. The German factory successfully passed the annual Halal and Kosher certification audits, which not
     only demonstrates the stringent requirements for product quality and safety, but also meets the cultural
     and religious demands of customers in different regions across the globe, removes market access barriers,
     and lays a foundation for the expansion of segment markets in the Middle East, Europe, the United States
     and other regions.

     Meanwhile, the Group actively engages in social welfare undertakings and fulfils its corporate social
     responsibility through concrete actions. In 2025, the Group and its subsidiaries initiated and participated in a
     number of environmental public welfare activities, including community service activities, Tree Planting Day
     events, plogging and environmental cleanup activities, committing to improving the quality of the ecological
     environment and public awareness of sustainable development, and contributing to the promotion of
     social sustainable development. Subsequent to the fire outbreak in Tai Po, Hong Kong, the Group donated
     a charitable sum of HK$1,000,000 to the Tai Po Wang Fuk Court Relief Fund to assist the affected residents
     in overcoming difficulties, fulfilling the Group’s public welfare responsibility in the residential communities.
     The Group was also conferred the title of “Community Charity Partner” by the Charity Association of
     Luohu District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, which not only recognises its public welfare initiatives
     but also strengthens its brand identity and credibility in the local community, fostering a favourable social
     environment for the development of regional businesses.

     From the implementation and application of green technologies to the collaborative construction of the
     industrial ecosystem; from achieving commercial empowerment through authoritative certifications to
     actively fulfilling social responsibilities, the Group has comprehensively proven with solid actions and
     tangible results that green and low-carbon development and social responsibility are not cost burdens
     for enterprises, but one of the core competencies for sustainable corporate growth. Going forward, the
     Group will continue to deepen green innovation and strengthen its responsibility commitment, establish a
     sustainable development benchmark for the industry while creating commercial value, and achieve a win-
     win situation among the enterprise, society and the environment.




38     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



OUTLOOK AND FUTURE STRATEGY
I.    Group’s strategic objectives, positioning and core advantages
      The future-oriented development strategy of the Group is built upon the clear positioning and verifiable
      advantages that the Group has established.

      Following years of sustained development and strategic acquisitions in recent periods, the Group has
      gradually evolved from a single pearlescent pigment supplier into a surface performance materials
      platform enterprise with a global R&D system, multi-regional manufacturing footprint and a high-end
      customer base. Currently, the Group has established a prominent global leading position in the pearlescent
      materials sector, and built high market penetration and customer loyalty in a number of key markets and
      application areas.

      On this basis, the Group’s core strategic objective is to, while consolidating its existing leading advantages,
      continuously expand its established capabilities through parallel “organic growth and acquisitive expansion”,
      and gradually build a high-performance surface materials and advanced functional materials platform
      covering a wider range of application scenarios, so as to achieve the coordinated improvement of scale,
      quality and efficiency.

      In terms of strategic philosophy, the Group adheres to material science as the foundation and application
      value as the orientation, and adopts prudent operation and long-termism as the underlying principles for
      all strategic decisions. Meanwhile, the Group also clearly recognises that uncertainties remain in the global
      macro environment and industry cycles, and the aforementioned advantages need to be continuously
      consolidated and strengthened through sustained investment, prudent management and steady
      implementation.

II.   Strategic priorities and phased implementation paths
      (I)   Short-term Strategic Priorities (1–2 years): Integration realisation and capability consolidation
            In the coming one to two years, the Group will principally focus on converting its existing advantages
            into more stable and sustainable operating results.

            1.   Drive the sustained realisation of M&A integration results

                 Upon completion of the acquisitions of the Surface Solutions business of Merck KGaA and CQV,
                 the Group has substantially established a unified governance structure and management system.
                 In the short term, the Group will further deepen integration in respect of R&D collaboration,
                 customer cooperation and global manufacturing layout, promote the sharing of technology
                 platforms and optimisation of product portfolio, enabling the technological accumulation and
                 high-end customer resources of the acquired targets to form closer and replicable synergies
                 with the Group’s engineering capabilities and cost advantages.




                                                                                               2025 Annual Report   39
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



               2.     Optimise product and revenue structure based on the high-end customer base

                       The Group currently serves a number of leading global industrial and consumer goods
                       enterprises, which have high certification thresholds and strong cooperation stickiness. In the
                       coming one to two years, the Group will continuously increase the proportion of high-value-added
                       products, deepen long-term cooperative relationships with core customers through means such
                       as joint development and customised solutions, and further improve the profit structure and
                       income stability.

               3.     Leverage the advantages of global manufacturing layout to enhance operational resilience

                       The Group has formed a multi-regional production network covering China, Germany, the United
                       States, Korea and Japan, which has distinctive advantages in enhancing delivery reliability,
                       addressing regional uncertainties and serving multinational customers. In the short term, the
                       Group will focus on improving capacity synergy efficiency and supply chain responsiveness, and
                       further unlock the economies of scale and operational synergy potential.

               4.     Strengthen cash generation capability and capital discipline

                       Leveraging its relatively mature business model and stable customer base, the Group has
                       established a solid operating cash flow foundation. In the short term, the Group will continue
                       to adhere to a prudent capital allocation strategy, prioritise improving the efficiency of existing
                       assets, ensure the financial structure remains stable following mergers and acquisitions,
                       and continuously enhance capital return levels to accumulate sufficient financial flexibility for
                       medium-to-long-term development.

     (II)      Medium-term Strategic Priorities (3–5 years): Platform expansion and capability leapfrogging
               In the coming three to five years, the Group will, based on its existing capability system, promote the
               orderly expansion of business boundaries and value space.

               1.     Expand applications of advanced functional materials based on core material capabilities

                       The Group has established a solid foundation in material design, process engineering and
                       application development. In the medium term, the Group will gradually expand into more
                       application fields with long-term growth potential focusing on the directions of high performance,
                       functionalisation and sustainability, and continuously enhance technological depth and product
                       value-added.




40          Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



2.   Prudently promote acquisitive expansion to supplement key capability modules

     Building on endogenous development, the Group will selectively pursue outward expansion,
     with a focus on high-quality targets that can complement its technology platform, shorten
     research and development cycles or enhance customer and channel capabilities. All merger and
     acquisition as well as investment decisions will be strictly aligned with strategic synergy and
     long-term returns, and shall avoid scale expansion as the sole purpose.

3.   Build a global integrated R&D and innovation system

     Leveraging its existing cross-regional research and development resources, the Group will
     further promote the integrated operation of the research and development system, strengthen the
     linkage between basic research, application development and customer collaboration, enhance
     innovation efficiency and accelerate the commercialisation of technological achievements.

4.   Amplify the long-term advantages brought by scale and synergy, and consolidate the foundation
     of organisation and governance

     Upon the expansion of business scale and enhancement of platform capabilities, the Group’s
     synergies across procurement, manufacturing, research and development and management will
     continue to accumulate, thereby boosting its overall cost competitiveness and capital return level
     and forging a long-term moat that strengthens over time. To underpin the sustained unlocking of
     such synergies, the Group will concurrently strengthen its global organisational capabilities and
     governance system, improve cross-cultural collaboration efficiency, and ensure the coordinated
     development of its global businesses under a unified strategic framework.

     While advancing business and capability expansion, the Group will continue to embed compliance,
     environmental responsibility and sustainable development requirements into its strategic
     decision-making and daily operations, ensuring that long-term growth is built on a sound and
     sustainable foundation.

     Looking ahead, the Group will continue to adhere to long-termism and prudent operations,
     steadily advance capability expansion and platform upgrading on the basis of existing strengths,
     strive to achieve sustainable growth, and create long-term value for shareholders, customers,
     employees and society.




                                                                                2025 Annual Report   41
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



USE OF THE NET PROCEEDS
Use of the net proceeds from the Global Offering
The shares (the “Shares”) of the Company have been listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
“Stock Exchange”) since 16 July 2021. The Over-allotment Option (as defined and described in the prospectus (the
“Prospectus”) of the Company dated 30 June 2021) was partially exercised on 5 August 2021. The total number
of new Shares issued by the Company under the global offering (the “Global Offering”) was 319,742,000 and the
amount of the net proceeds received by the Company from the Global Offering amounted to HK$970.2 million.
The Company received the amount of the net proceeds from the Global Offering in July 2021 and August 2021,
respectively. On 31 March 2025, the Board resolved to change the use of the unutilised proceeds in the aggregate
amount of HK$330.8 million to finance the acquisition of the global surface solutions business of Merck KGaA. All
the net proceeds from the Global Offering have been fully utilised in 2025.

The table below sets forth a summary of the original allocation of the net proceeds, the revised allocation of net
proceeds and the actual utilisation amounts for 2025:

                                                Original          Revised
                                           allocation of     allocation of
                                                 the net           the net                      Remaining           Amount       Remaining         Expected
                                         proceeds from     proceeds from      Percentage      balance as of   utilised up to   balance as of        timeline
                                             the Global        the Global      to the total   31 December     31 December      31 December            for the
Prescribed usage                               Offering          Offering    net proceeds             2024             2025            2025    intended use
                                           HK$’ million      HK$’ million                %     HK$’ million    HK$’ million     HK$’ million

Construction of the Phase 2
  Production Plant                                539.5             539.5             55.6               —               —                —         Utilised
Construction of the Luzhai
  Synthetic Mica Plant                            330.8                —                —                —               —                —             N/A
Increase investment in research and
  development facilities and
  testing equipment of the research
  and development centre                           68.9              68.9              7.1               —               —                —         Utilised
Sales and marketing activities
  and building sales network                       31.0              31.0              3.2               —               —                —         Utilised
Financing the acquisition of
  the global surface solutions
  business of Merck KGaA                             —              330.8             34.1           330.8            330.8               —         Utilised

Total                                             970.2             970.2           100.0            330.8            330.8               —


The Group remains committed to the construction of the Luzhai Synthetic Mica Plant and intends to finance its
construction by internal resources as and when necessary and appropriate.




42         Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Use of the net proceeds from the issue of the Tranche A Convertible Bond
On 28 December 2022, the Company entered into the subscription agreement (the “2022 Subscription
Agreement”) with Hong Kong Boyue International Investment Fund Co., Limited (the “2022 CB Subscriber”),
pursuant to which the Company conditionally agreed to issue, and the 2022 CB Subscriber conditionally agreed
to subscribe and pay for, the 3.50% coupon convertible bonds (the “2022 Convertible Bonds”) in the aggregate
principal amount up to CNH500.0 million, comprising the Tranche A Convertible Bond in the principal amount of
CNH300.0 million and the Tranche B Convertible Bond in the principal amount of not more than CNH200.0 million.
The 2022 Convertible Bonds have an initial conversion price of HK$7.6 per Share and are convertible into Shares.
The closing price of the Shares on 28 December 2022, being the date on which the terms of the 2022 Subscription
Agreement were fixed, was HK$4.00 per Share. Further details of the 2022 Convertible Bonds are disclosed in the
announcement of the Company dated 28 December 2022.

On 30 December 2022, the Company completed the issue of the Tranche A Convertible Bond in the principal
amount of CNH300.0 million to the 2022 CB Subscriber. The amount of the net proceeds received by the Company
from the issue of the Tranche A Convertible Bond amounted to CNH300.0 million. Further details of which are
disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 30 December 2022.

On 31 July 2023, the 2022 CB Subscriber submitted to the Company that it was unable to complete the
subscription for the Tranche B Convertible Bond on or before 31 July 2023. Therefore, the 2022 CB Subscriber
will not proceed to subscribe for the Tranche B Convertible Bond. Further details of which are disclosed in the
announcement of the Company dated 31 July 2023.

The net proceeds from the issue of the Tranche A Convertible Bond have been fully utilised in 2025.

The table below sets forth the intended use of the net proceeds from issue of the Tranche A Convertible Bond and
the actual utilisation amount for 2025:

                                        Allocation
                                        of the net
                                  proceeds from
                                      the issue of                      Remaining           Amount       Remaining
                                   the Tranche A     Percentage to    balance as of   utilised up to   balance as of      Expected
                                      Convertible     the total net   31 December     31 December      31 December timeline for the
Prescribed usage                             Bond        proceeds             2024             2025            2025   intended use
                                     CNH’ million                %     CNH’ million    CNH’ million     CNH’ million

Investment opportunities within
  the pearlescent pigments
  and synthetic mica industry              300.0             100.0           300.0            300.0              —             Utilised




                                                                                                          2025 Annual Report        43
REPORT OF DIRECTORS


In addition to the business and financial information set forth in this annual report, the following sets forth certain
information of the Group and its business and other operational aspects for the purpose of complying with the
disclosure requirements under The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) and the applicable laws and regulations:

DIRECTORS
The Directors of the Company in 2025 and up to the date of this annual report were:

Executive Directors
Dr. SU Ertian (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. JIN Zengqin
Mr. ZHOU Fangchao (Joint company secretary)
Mr. BAI Zhihuan
Ms. ZENG Zhu
Mr. LIM Kwang Su

Non-executive Director
Mr. HU Yongxiang

Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. HUI Chi Fung
Professor HAN Gaorong
Mr. LEUNG Kwai Wah Alex
Professor CHEN Fadong

The updated biographical information on the Directors as of the date of this annual report is set forth in the
paragraphs under “Biographical Information on Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report.

In accordance with article 83(3) of the articles of association (the “Articles”) of the Company, any Director
appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office until the first general meeting of members
after his appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting and any Director appointed by the Board
as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next following annual general meeting of the
Company and shall then be eligible for re-election.

In accordance with article 84 of the Articles, Mr. JIN Zengqin, Mr. HU Yongxiang, Mr. HUI Chi Fung and Professor
HAN Gaorong shall retire from office by rotation and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the
forthcoming Annual General Meeting.




44      Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                                                REPORT OF DIRECTORS



PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding, and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the
business of production and sales of pearlescent pigment products and functional mica and related products.

RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

The results of the Group for 2025 are set forth under the “Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss” in this annual
report.

FINAL DIVIDEND AND DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company has not adopted any fixed dividend pay-out ratio. Dividends may be paid out by way of cash or
by such other means as the Directors consider appropriate. Declaration and payment of any dividends would
require the recommendation of the Directors and will be at their discretion. In addition, any final dividend for a
financial year will be subject to the approval of the shareholders (the “Shareholders”) of the Company. A decision
to declare or pay any dividend in the future, and the amount of any of such dividends, depends on a number of
factors, including the Group’s results of operations, financial condition, amount of capital expenditures, payment
by the subsidiaries of cash dividends to the Company and such other factors as the Directors may deem relevant.

Any declaration or proposed payment of dividend or distribution by the Company is also subject to any
requirements and restrictions under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands, the Articles and any other
applicable laws, rules and regulations.

The Board has decided not to declare and pay any final dividend for 2025 (2024: Nil).


BUSINESS REVIEW AND PROSPECTS
Discussions and review on the business activities of the Group as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies
Ordinance, including material events that have occurred since the year-end date and an indication of likely
future development in the Group’s business are set forth in the paragraphs under “Management Discussion and
Analysis” in this annual report. The relevant discussions form part of this Report of Directors.

SUBSIDIARIES
Further information on the Company’s principal subsidiaries is set forth in note 24 to the consolidated financial
statements in this annual report.




                                                                                            2025 Annual Report   45
REPORT OF DIRECTORS



FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the operating results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five years is set forth
in the paragraphs under “Five-Year Financial Summary” in this annual report.

LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
Liquidity and indebtedness
The Group’s business operations are generally financed by its internal financial resources and bank borrowings.

As of 31 December 2025 and 2024, the bank and cash balances amounted to RMB3,748.9 million and RMB3,411.4
million, respectively. These balances were maintained at a prudent level for the purpose of satisfying the
requirements for daily business operations of the Group and the Tonglu Project. The increase in the bank and
cash balances as of 31 December 2025 was mainly due to cash generated from operating activities and the
increase in bank loans and other borrowings.

As of 31 December 2025 and 2024, the bank loans and other borrowings amounted to RMB7,489.2 million and
RMB1,729.0 million, respectively. The increase in the borrowings was mainly attributable to the increase in
new bank loans and other borrowings of RMB8,226.9 million, offset by the repayment of bank loans and other
borrowings of RMB2,492.8 million in 2025.

As of December 31, 2025, the Group had borrowing from related company of RMB68.4 million (31 December
2024: Nil).

As of 31 December 2025, the Group had a liability component of the convertible bonds of RMB412.6 million (31
December 2024: RMB683.3 million).

Gearing ratio
The gearing ratio (calculated as total interest-bearing borrowings divided by total assets) of the Group was 56.8%
as of 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: 34.3%). The increase in the gearing ratio was mainly due to the
increase of convertible bonds, bank loans and other borrowings.




46      Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                                                 REPORT OF DIRECTORS



Net asset value
As of 31 December 2025 and 2024, the net assets of the Group amounted to RMB4,473.5 million and RMB4,353.1
million, respectively. Net asset value per Share contributed to owners of the Company as of 31 December 2025
amounted to RMB2.54, as compared to RMB2.73 as of 31 December 2024.

Pledge of assets
As of 31 December 2025, certain property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and patents with aggregate
net book value of RMB2,370.7 million, as compared to RMB531.1 million as of 31 December 2024, were pledged
to financial institutions as collaterals for bank and other borrowings.

As of 31 December 2025, the restricted deposits and restricted bank deposits pledged as security for the Group’s
banking facility amounted to RMB218.6 million (31 December 2024: RMB32.1 million).

CAPITAL STRUCTURE
In 2025, there has been no material change in the capital structure of the Company. The capital of the members
of the Group comprises ordinary shares.

Information about the share options of the Company and details of changes in the share options granted by the
Company for 2025 is set forth in the paragraph under “Share Option Scheme” below.

As of 31 December 2025, the Company had issued:

(i)    the Tranche A Convertible Bond in the aggregate principal amount of RMB300.0 million in relation to the
       2022 Convertible Bonds on 30 December 2022. The Tranche A Convertible Bond has an initial conversion
       price of HK$7.6 per Share and are convertible into the maximum of 43,815,789 Shares; and

(ii)   the First Tranche Initial Bond in the principal amount of US$40.0 million in relation to the 2023 Convertible
       Bonds on 8 November 2023. The First Tranche Initial Bond has an initial conversion price of HK$7.6 per
       Share and are convertible into the maximum of 40,789,474 Shares. The First Tranche Initial Bond was
       redeemed in full upon maturity on 6 November 2025 and the First Tranche Initial Bond was cancelled and
       no First Tranche Initial Bond shall remain outstanding.

As of the date of this Report of Directors, the Company had issued the HKD-denominated convertible bonds in
an aggregate principal amount of HK$1,000,000,000 on 6 January 2026. Such convertible bonds have an initial
conversion price of HK$10.19 per Share and are convertible into the maximum of 98,135,410 Shares. Details of
which are set forth in the paragraph under “Issuance of HKD-denominated convertible bonds” below.




                                                                                             2025 Annual Report   47
REPORT OF DIRECTORS



The table below sets forth the summary of the convertible bonds in 2025. Further details of the convertible bonds
in 2025 are set forth in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

                                                                                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                                                                                        shares to
                                                                                                                                                       be issued
                                                                                                                                     Outstanding        upon full
                              Principal                                                                Amount                           principal     conversion
                           amount as of                                              Conversion      converted         Amount       amount as of            as of
                             1 January                                                 price per   into Shares       redeemed       31 December     31 December
Date of issue                     2025     Maturity date                                  share        in 2025         in 2025              2025            2025

30 December 2022        CNH300.0 million   fourth anniversary of the date of issue           7.6            —              —     CNH300.0 million     43,815,789
8 November 2023          US$40.0 million   second anniversary of the date of issue           7.6            — US$40.0 million                  —              —


As of 31 December 2025, no conversion into shares had occurred for the Tranche A Convertible Bond and the
First Tranche Initial Bond. If the conversion rights attaching to the Tranche A Convertible Bond was fully exercised
in accordance with relevant conditions, the Company would have issued 43,815,789 Shares, representing 3.54%
of the total issued Shares as of 31 December 2025 and 3.42% of the total issued Shares as enlarged by the issue
of such conversion shares.

The table below sets forth the dilution impact of the full conversion of the Tranche A Convertible Bond on the
shareholding of the Shareholders (having referred to the Company’s shareholding structure as of 31 December
2025 and assuming no further Shares would be issued by the Company):

                                                                                                                     Immediately following the full
                                                                                                                      conversion of the Tranche A
Name of Shareholders                                                       As of 31 December 2025                            Convertible Bond
                                                                         No. of Shares            %                   No. of Shares             %

Directors
Dr. SU Ertian (Note 1)                                                     439,636,948                   35.48         439,636,948                      34.27
Mr. LIM Kwang Su (Note 2)                                                   13,481,181                    1.09          13,481,181                       1.05

Public Shareholders                                                        785,752,003                   63.43         785,752,003                      61.26
The holder of the Tranche A
  Convertible Bond                                                                      —                        —       43,815,789                       3.42
Total                                                                   1,238,870,132                    100.0       1,282,685,921                      100.0

Notes:

(1)      Dr. SU Ertian is the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and an executive Director. As of 31 December 2025, Dr.
         SU Ertian was interested in an aggregate of 439,636,948 Shares, among which he was deemed to be interested in 413,203,948 Shares
         through certain corporations and he beneficially owned 26,433,000 Shares. Mr. JIN Zengqin, an executive Director, was deemed to be
         interested in 38,588,148 Shares through two corporations controlled by Dr. SU Ertian and him as of 31 December 2025.

(2)      Mr. LIM Kwang Su is an executive Director. As of 31 December 2025, Mr. LIM Kwang Su beneficially owned 13,481,181 Shares.

(3)      Certain percentage figures included in the above tables are subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, figures shown as totals may
         not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures preceding them.




48          Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                                               REPORT OF DIRECTORS



RESERVES
Further information on the movements in the reserves of the Group and of the Company in 2025 is set forth in
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and note 31 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual
report, respectively.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Further information on the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group in 2025 is set forth in note
17 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURE AND COMMITMENTS
Capital commitments represent the amount of capital expenditure contracted for as at a particular date but not
yet incurred. As of 31 December 2025, the capital commitments amounted to RMB932.0 million (31 December
2024: RMB5,873.1 million), which represent the Consideration of the Proposed Transaction, as well as the
commitments to purchase property, plant and equipment including in relation to (a) the modifications and
expansions of the Phase 1 Production Plant; (b) the construction of the Phase 2 Production Plant and the Luzhai
Synthetic Mica Plant; (c) the Tonglu Project; and (d) projects such as the ERP overhaul for the global Surface
Solutions Business. It is estimated that the said commitments will be financed by internal resources and external
financing.

FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE
The Group primarily operates in the PRC, Germany and Korea different business units through acquisition.
Most of the Group’s business transactions, assets and liabilities are denominated in Renminbi, Euro, US$
and Korean Won. Hence, the Group is exposed to foreign currency risks primarily in respect of transactions
denominated in different currencies. To efficiently and effectively manage these risks, the Group’s financing and
treasury activities are co-ordinated at the corporate level. As a matter of policy, the management of the Group
regularly and closely monitors the Group’s foreign currency exposure and considers hedging against significant
foreign currency exposure should there be any likely and significant foreign exchange risks arising from the
performances of contracts or the financial position of the Group as a whole. In 2025, the Group was not engaged
in any hedging activities on foreign currency risks, as the Directors are of the opinion that the related foreign
currency risks affecting the Group’s operations or liquidity and is manageable.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT, MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL
Disposal of equity interest in Chesir Luzhai
On 24 May 2025, Luzhai Chesir Pearl Mica Material Co., Ltd. (“Chesir Luzhai”), a non-wholly owned indirect
subsidiary of the Company, and Chongqing International Trust Inc. (“Chongqing International”), acting for and on
behalf of Chongqing Trust - Luzhai Chesir Singular Fund Trust, entered into a capital increase agreement for a
consideration of RMB500,000,000. Upon completion, the Group’s effective equity interest in Chesir Luzhai will be
diluted from 52.22% to 47.48%. Further details of which are disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated
24 May 2025.




                                                                                          2025 Annual Report   49
REPORT OF DIRECTORS



Completion of the acquisition of global surface solutions business
On 25 July 2024, the Company and its nominated subsidiaries entered into an agreement (the “Agreement”)
with Merck KGaA (the “Seller”) and its affiliates for the purpose of acquiring from the Seller Group. Further
information of the acquisition and the terms and conditions of the Agreement are set forth in the announcement
of the Company dated 25 July 2024 and the Shareholders’ circular of the Company dated 25 June 2025.

Pursuant to the Agreement, the Seller Group agreed to sell, and the Company agreed to purchase, the
global surface solutions business of the Seller at the aggregate consideration of EUR665,000,000, subject to
adjustments in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement. The acquisition was approved by
the Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 21 July 2025. Completion of the
acquisition took place on 31 July 2025.

Acquisition of minority interest of Chesir Pearl
On 28 November 2025, the Company and Hongzun Int Investment Group Ltd. (“Hongzun International”) entered
into a Chesir Pearl minority interest purchase agreement (the “Chesir Pearl Minority Interest Purchase
Agreement”) pursuant to which the Company has conditionally agreed to issue 9,571,649 consideration shares
for the acquisition of 2.57% of the equity interest (the “Chesir Pearl Minority Interest”) of Guangxi Chesir
Pearl Material Co., Ltd. (“Chesir Pearl”), a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company holding 97.19% of
its equity interest, under a specific mandate. Further information on the above transaction is disclosed in the
announcements of the Company dated 28 November 2025 and 20 January 2026 and the Shareholders’ circular of
the Company dated 19 December 2025.

The acquisition was approved by the Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on
5 January 2026. Completion of the acquisition took place on 20 January 2026.

Issuance of HKD-denominated convertible bonds
On 15 December 2025, the Company and The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited and Deutsche
Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch (the “Managers”) entered into the subscription agreement (the “2025 Subscription
Agreement”), pursuant to which the Company has agreed to issue, and the Managers have conditionally agreed
to subscribe and pay for, or to procure subscribers to subscribe and pay for, the HKD-denominated convertible
bonds (the “2025 Convertible Bonds”) in an aggregate principal amount of HK$1,000,000,000. The 2025
Convertible Bonds have an initial conversion price of HK$10.19 per Share and are convertible into Shares. The
closing price of the Shares on 15 December 2025, being the date on which the terms of the 2025 Subscription
Agreement were fixed, was HK$9.48 per Share. The amount of the net proceeds received by the Company from
the issue of the 2025 Convertible Bonds amounted to HK$981.0 million on 6 January 2026. Further information
on the 2025 Convertible Bonds is disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated 15 December 2025 and
6 January 2026.

Save as disclosed above, the Group did not have any significant investment, material acquisition or disposal for
2025.




50     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                                                            REPORT OF DIRECTORS



MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The Group maintains effective communications with its customers and strives to satisfy customers’ requirements
from time to time, in order to provide high quality products to its customers.

The Group establishes good relationships with reputable suppliers within the industries and conducts a fair
appraisal of its suppliers on a regular basis.

The percentage of purchases attributable to the five largest suppliers of the Group in aggregate in 2025 was
19.3% of the total purchases of the Group and the largest supplier included therein amounted to 5.3%.

None of the Directors, their close associates or any Shareholders, which to the knowledge of the Directors owned
more than 5% of the Company’s total number of issued shares, had a beneficial interest in any of the Group’s five
largest suppliers.

The percentage of revenue attributable to the five largest customers of the Group in aggregate in 2025 was 9.5%
of the total revenue of the Group and the largest customer included therein amounted to 2.8%.

None of the Directors, their close associates or any Shareholders, which to the knowledge of the Directors owned
more than 5% of the Company’s total number of issued shares, had a beneficial interest in any of the Group’s five
largest customers.

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
Employees’ contribution and support are valuable to the business development of the Group. The Group
would regularly review the employees’ compensation and benefits packages to reward and recognise those
with outstanding performance. Other fringe benefits, such as employees’ provident fund and share options, if
applicable, are provided to attract and retain talents helping the Group in success.

As of 31 December 2025, the Group had a total of 2,111 employees: 761 in the PRC, 700 in Germany, 201 in
Korea, 182 in Japan, 144 in the United States and 123 in other countries and regions(1) (31 December 2024: the
Group had a total of 901 employees, including 708 in the PRC and 193 in Korea). The Group encourages high
productivity and remunerates its employees based on their qualifications, work experience, prevailing market
rates and individual contribution to the Group. Incentives in the form of bonuses and share options may also be
offered to eligible employees based on individual performance. Pursuant to applicable laws and regulations,
the Group has (a) participated in relevant defined contribution retirement schemes administered by responsible
government authorities in the PRC for its employees there; (b) participated in defined benefit and defined
contribution retirement pension plans in Korea for its employees there; (c) provided the required social security
and retirement contribution to employees in Europe and other countries; and (d) provided a mandatory provident
fund scheme to employees in Hong Kong.




Note: (1) The 123 employees are located in Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, India, France, the United Kingdom, Italy, Switzerland, the
      Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Brazil and Mexico, etc.




                                                                                                          2025 Annual Report    51
REPORT OF DIRECTORS



SHARE OPTION SCHEME
A share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) of the Company was approved and conditionally adopted
pursuant to the resolutions passed by the Shareholders on 2 June 2021 for the purpose of providing incentives
and rewards to eligible participants for their contributions to the Group. In 2025, no share options of the Company
have been granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed under the Share Option Scheme.

The number of share options available for grant under the Share Option Scheme was 116,269,558 share options
as of 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025, respectively.

A summary of the Share Option Scheme is set forth below:

1     Purpose                                                To enable the Company to grant options to the Eligible
                                                             Participants as incentives or rewards for their contribution or
                                                             potential contribution to the Group.

2     Participants                                           The Board may, at its absolute discretion, offer options to
                                                             subscribe for such number of Shares in accordance with the
                                                             terms of the Share Option Scheme to:

                                                             (a)   any executive director of, manager of, or other employee
                                                                   holding an executive, managerial, supervisory or similar
                                                                   position in any member of the Group (the “Executive”),
                                                                   any full-time or part-time employee, or a person for the
                                                                   time being seconded to work full-time or part-time for
                                                                   any member of the Group (the “Employee”);

                                                             (b)   a director or proposed director (including an independent
                                                                   non-executive director) of any member of the Group;

                                                             (c)   a direct or indirect shareholder of any member of the
                                                                   Group;

                                                             (d)   a supplier of goods or services to any member of the
                                                                   Group;

                                                             (e)   a customer, consultant, business or joint venture partner,
                                                                   franchisee, contractor, agent or representative of any
                                                                   member of the Group;

                                                             (f)   a person or entity that provides design, research,
                                                                   development or other support or any advisory,
                                                                   consultancy, professional or other services to any
                                                                   member of the Group; and

                                                             (g)   an associate of any of the persons referred to in
                                                                   paragraphs (a) to (c) above.

                                                             (collectively, the “Eligible Participants”)



52      Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                                        REPORT OF DIRECTORS




3   Maximum number of Shares              The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon
                                          exercise of all options to be granted under the Share Option
                                          Scheme and any other share schemes of the Group shall not
                                          in aggregate exceed 10% of the Shares in issue as of the date
                                          on which dealings in the Shares first commenced on the Stock
                                          Exchange, being 116,269,558 Shares. As of the date of this
                                          annual report, the total number of Shares available for issue
                                          under the Share Option Scheme was 116,269,558 Shares,
                                          representing 9.31% of the total number of issued Shares.

4   Maximum number of option to           No option may be granted to any one person such that the
     each participant                     total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise
                                          of options granted and to be granted to that person in any
                                          12-month period exceeds 1% of the Shares in issue from time
                                          to time. Any further grant of options above such limit shall be
                                          separately approved by the Shareholders in general meeting
                                          with such Eligible Participant and his close associates or
                                          associates, as applicable, abstaining from voting.

5   Offer period and amount payable for   An offer shall remain open for acceptance by an Eligible
      options                             Participant for a period of 28 days from the offer date, provided
                                          that no such grant of an option may be accepted after the
                                          expiry of the effective period of the Share Option Scheme. The
                                          amount payable on acceptance of an option is HK$1.0.

6   Exercise of option                    An option shall be exercised in whole or in part (but if in part
                                          only, in respect of a board lot or any integral multiple thereof)
                                          within the option period in the manner as set forth in the
                                          Share Option Scheme by the grantee by giving notice in writing
                                          to the Company stating that the option is thereby exercised
                                          and specifying the number of Shares in respect of which it
                                          is exercised. The exercise of any option may be subject to a
                                          vesting schedule to be determined by the Board in its absolute
                                          discretion at time of offering the grant of an option and shall be
                                          specified in the offer letter.




                                                                                     2025 Annual Report   53
REPORT OF DIRECTORS




7     Subscription price                                    As the Board may in its absolute discretion determine at the
                                                            time of grant of the option but the subscription price shall not
                                                            be less than whichever is the highest of:

                                                            (a)   the nominal value of a Share;

                                                            (b)   the closing price of a Share in the Stock Exchange’s daily
                                                                  quotation sheet on the date of grant; and

                                                            (c)   the average closing price of a Share as stated in the Stock
                                                                  Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five business
                                                                  days (as defined in the Listing Rules) immediately
                                                                  preceding the date of grant.

8     Life of the Share Option Scheme                       Subject to earlier termination by the Company in general
                                                            meeting or the Board, the Share Option Scheme shall be valid
                                                            and effective for a period of 10 years from the date on which
                                                            it becomes unconditional, i.e. 16 July 2021, and will therefore
                                                            expire on 16 July 2031, after which no further option will be
                                                            granted or offered.

RELATED PARTY AND CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Details of related party transactions of the Group are set forth in the paragraphs under “Significant Investment,
Material Acquisition and Disposal” and “Subsequent Events” in this Report of Directors and note 44 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

Saved as disclosed above, in 2025, the Group has not entered into any connected transaction. The Company
confirmed that it has complied with the disclosure requirement of a connected transaction in accordance with
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




54     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                    REPORT OF DIRECTORS



PURCHASE, SALE AND REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries or consolidated affiliated entities purchased, sold or redeemed
any of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares) in 2025.

As of 31 December 2025, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.

PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, in
2025 and up to the date of this annual report, the Company has complied with the ongoing public float threshold,
representing at least 25% of the ordinary Shares are held by the public as required under the Listing Rules. As of
the date of this annual report, 62.94% of the ordinary Shares are held by the public.

The table below sets forth the Share ownership composition as of the date of this annual report:

Shareholders                                                                                          No. of Shares                       %

Directors
Dr. SU Ertian (Note 1)                                                                                  449,208,597                    35.98
Mr. LIM Kwang Su (Note 2)                                                                                13,481,181                     1.08

Public Shareholders                                                                                     785,752,003                    62.94
Total                                                                                                 1,248,441,781                    100.0

Notes:

(1)      Dr. SU Ertian is the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and an executive Director. As of the date of this annual
         report, Dr. SU Ertian was interested in an aggregate of 449,208,597 Shares, among which he was deemed to be interested in
         422,775,597 Shares through certain corporations and he beneficially owned 26,433,000 Shares. Mr. JIN Zengqin, an executive Director,
         was deemed to be interested in 38,588,148 Shares through two corporations controlled by Dr. SU Ertian and him as of the date of this
         annual report.

(2)      Mr. LIM Kwang Su is an executive Director. As of the date of this annual report, Mr. LIM Kwang Su beneficially owned 13,481,181
         Shares.

(3)      Certain percentage figures included in the above tables are subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, figures shown as totals may
         not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures preceding them.

Details of the share capital structure is set forth in the paragraphs under “Capital Structure” in this Report of
Directors.




                                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report      55
REPORT OF DIRECTORS



PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands, which would
oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.

DONATIONS
Donations by the Group for charitable in 2025 amounted to RMB0.93 million.

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
(i)     On 6 January 2026, the Group completed the issuance of the 2025 Convertible Bonds in an aggregate
        principal amount of HK$1,000,000,000. The initial conversion price of HK$10.19 per Share and no other
        Shares are issued and are repurchased. The 2025 Convertible Bonds will be converted into 98,135,410
        conversion shares.

(ii)    On 20 January 2026, the Group completed the acquisition of Chesir Pearl Minority Interest at the
        consideration of RMB69,021,350 which is settled by issue of 9,571,649 new Shares under a specific
        mandate at the issue price of HK$8.01 per Share.

(iii)   On 2 February 2026, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, namely Shenzhen Chesir Pearl Technology
        Co., Ltd. (“Shenzhen Chesir”) and Tonglu Liuan Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)
        (“Hongzun LLP”) set up Tonglu Junheng Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (the “Junheng
        LLP”) which is a limited partnership established in the PRC. The principal activities of Junheng LLP is
        investment in equities and other investment activities with registered capital of RMB700 million with
        40% from Shenzhen Chesir and 60% from Hongzun LLP. Shenzhen Chesir acts as general partner for the
        Junheng LLP and is responsible for the daily operation.

        On 6 February 2026, a conditional share transfer agreement has been entered between (a) Junheng LLP and
        (b) two major shareholders of Zhejiang Jihua Group Co., Ltd. (“Zhejiang Jihua”). Pursuant to the agreement,
        Junheng LLP has agreed to acquire, subject to the satisfaction of various conditions precedent, from the two
        major shareholders 202,308,716 ordinary shares of Zhejiang Jihua, representing 29.89% of the number of
        shares in issue of Zhejiang Jihua at the consideration of RMB1,494.5 million.

        For information on the above transactions are disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 11
        February 2026.

Save as disclosed above, there was no significant event affecting the Group which occurred after 31 December
2025 and up to the date of this Report of Directors.




56        Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                                               REPORT OF DIRECTORS



PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
The business of the Group is subject to various risks and uncertainties, and they are summarised as below:

Risk                       Description                             Key risk control measures

Macroeconomic risk         The sales are dependent on the          •    continuously monitor the global and
                           PRC and global economy, and any              PRC economic situations and respond
                           significant economic downturn in             with appropriate strategies in a timely
                           the PRC and global economy could             manner
                           adversely affect our business,          •    conduct regular performance review
                           financial condition, results of              and perform stress test based on
                           operations and prospects.                    exposure and sensitivity in different
                                                                        scenarios
                                                                   •    clearly convey the Company’s business
                                                                        development strategy and prospects to
                                                                        the capital market to understand the
                                                                        Company’s core competitiveness and
                                                                        long-term investment value

Market risk                The levels of demand and supply         •    enhance the sales and marketing
                           of pearlescent pigment products              strategy and management in order to
                           and synthetic mica powder are                expedite the return in contracted sales
                           not entirely within the Group’s         •    closely monitor market performance
                           control and are generally affected           of paint, chemical and cosmetics
                           by the paint, chemical and                   industries, and the pearlescent
                           cosmetics industries, the overall            pigment and synthetic mica powder
                           macroeconomic factors in the                 industries including the Group’s market
                           pearlescent pigment and synthetic            competitors
                           mica powder industries and the
                           production capacity of other
                           manufacturers.

Operation risk             The business and financial              •    actively manage the product inventories
                           conditions of the Group depend on            to stabilise the supply of products and
                           our ability to effectively manage our        cash inflow
                           inventories and the turnover rate of    •    actively develop new products to align
                           our inventories is susceptible to the        with market demand
                           overall demand of customers and         •    collaboration amongst various
                           changes in consumer choice and               departments within the Group to
                           preference which are beyond our              implement strong cost control
                           control.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   57
REPORT OF DIRECTORS




Risk                               Description                             Key risk control measures

Financial risks                    The Group is exposed to a variety of    •    review and explore different financing
                                   financial risks due to its business          tools to minimise the foreign exchange
                                   operation and activities, including          risk
                                   and without limitation, foreign         •    continuously monitor the volatility of
                                   currency risk, credit risk, liquidity        currency exchange rate
                                   risk and interest rate risk. Further    •    constantly optimise the ratio of
                                   information on the Group’s exposure          RMB and foreign currency debt at
                                   to foreign exchange risk and other           appropriate time
                                   financial risks is set forth in the
                                   paragraphs under “Foreign Exchange
                                   Exposure” above and note 6 to the
                                   consolidated financial statements in
                                   this annual report.


COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
In 2025, and up to date of this annual report, the Board was not aware of any non-compliance with the applicable
laws and regulations, including the Articles, the laws of the Cayman Islands, the Listing Rules, other laws and
regulations, which have a significant impact on the Company.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Group supports sustainable development by conducting its business in an environmentally responsible
manner. Environmental, Social and Governance Report for the year ended 31 December 2025 of the Group will
be published on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange at the same time as the publication of this
annual report.

INDEPENDENCE OF THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Company has received from the independent non-executive Directors the confirmations of their independence
pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. On this basis, all the independent non-executive Directors are
considered to be independent for the purpose of the Listing Rules.




58      Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                                               REPORT OF DIRECTORS



DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
None of the Directors who are proposed for re-election at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting has entered
or has proposed to enter into any service agreements with the Company or any other member of the Group which
is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory
compensation).

Further information on the Directors’ and senior management’s emoluments and of the five highest paid
individuals in the Group is set forth in notes 14 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual
report. The emolument policy of the employees of the Group is set up by the senior management of the Group on
the basis of their merit, qualifications and competence. The emoluments of the Directors and senior management
of the Company are decided by the remuneration committee of the Company, having regard to the Company’s
operating results, individual performance and prevailing market conditions.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS, TRANSACTIONS AND ARRANGEMENTS
Save as disclosed above in the paragraphs under “Related Party and Connected Transactions” above, no
transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the
Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or his or her connected entity has or had a
material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time in 2025.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of any business
of the Group were entered into or existed in 2025.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES
Save as disclosed below in the paragraphs under “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions
in the Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company”, at no time in 2025 was the Company or any of
its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors, their respective spouse or children under 18
years of age to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any
other body corporate.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   59
REPORT OF DIRECTORS



DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY
As of 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the Company
or any of their associates in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), which were
required to be (i) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the
SFO (including interests and short positions in which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of
the SFO); or (ii) recorded into the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO; or (iii) notified
to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules, were as follows:

                                                                                                              Number of
                                                                                                           the Shares or         Approximate
                                                                                                              underlying        percentage of
Name of Directors                                                Nature of interest and capacity             Shares held        shareholding

Dr. SU Ertian (“Dr. SU”)                                         Interest in controlled corporation(1)       301,155,800               24.31%
                                                                 Interest in controlled corporation(2)        45,337,828                3.66%
                                                                 Interest in controlled corporation(3)        27,234,172                2.20%
                                                                 Interest in controlled corporation(4)           888,000                0.07%
                                                                 Interest in controlled corporation(5)        19,129,200                1.54%
                                                                 Interest in controlled corporation(6)        19,458,948                1.57%
                                                                 Beneficial owner                             26,433,000                2.13%
Mr. JIN Zengqin (“Mr. JIN”)                                      Interest in controlled corporation(5)        19,129,200                1.54%
                                                                 Interest in controlled corporation(6)        19,458,948                1.57%
Mr. LIM Kwang Su                                                 Beneficial owner                             13,481,181                1.09%

Notes:

(1)      The Shares are owned by Hongzun International, which is wholly-owned by Guangxi Hongzun Investment Group Co., Ltd. (“Hongzhou
         Investment”). Hongzun Investment is owned as to 99.0% and 1.0% by Dr. SU and Ms. WANG Huan (“Ms. WANG”), the spouse of Dr. SU,
         respectively. Therefore, Dr. SU is deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by Hongzun Investment for the purpose of the SFO.

(2)      Ertian International Investment Limited (“Ertian International”) is wholly-owned by Dr. SU. Therefore, Dr. SU is deemed to be interested
         in all the Shares held by Ertian International for the purpose of the SFO. Dr. SU is the sole director of Ertian International.

(3)      Seven Color Pearl Investment Limited (“Seven Color Pearl Investment”) is wholly-owned by Dr. SU. Therefore, Dr. SU is deemed to be
         interested in all the Shares held by Seven Color Pearl Investment for the purpose of the SFO. Dr. SU is the sole director of Seven Color
         Pearl Investment.

(4)      The general partner of Liuzhou Lianrun Enterprise Management Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (“Liuzhou Lianrun LP”)
         is Dr. SU who owns 11,000 shares of Liuzhou Lianrun LP. The original 21 individual equity holders of Chesir Pearl, who are limited
         partners and independent third parties, own 167,000 shares of Liuzhou Lianrun LP. Therefore, Dr. SU is deemed to be interested in all
         the Shares held by Liuzhou Lianrun LP for the purpose of the SFO. For the avoidance of doubt, there is no individual limited partner
         contributed more than one-third of the capital contribution of Liuzhou Lianrun LP.




60          Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                                                                     REPORT OF DIRECTORS



(5)      The general partner of Liuzhou Qise Enterprise Management Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (“Liuzhou Qise LP”) is Dr. SU
         who owns 10,000 shares of Liuzhou Qise LP. Mr. JIN, being one of the limited partners, owns 1,565,200 shares of Liuzhou Qise LP and
         the original 12 individual equity holders of Chesir Pearl, who are limited partners and independent third parties, own 2,465,000 shares
         of Liuzhou Qise LP. Therefore, Dr. SU and Mr. JIN are deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by Liuzhou Qise LP for the purpose
         of the SFO. For the avoidance of doubt, there is no individual limited partner (except Mr. JIN) contributed more than one-third of the
         capital contribution of Liuzhou Qise LP.

(6)      The general partner of Liuzhou Colorful Enterprise Management Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (“Liuzhou Colorful LP”)
         is Dr. SU who owns 10,000 shares of Liuzhou Colorful LP. Mr. JIN, being one of the limited partners, owns 1,500,000 shares of Liuzhou
         Colorful LP and the original 10 individual equity holders of Chesir Pearl, who are limited partners and independent third parties, own
         1,772,158 shares of Liuzhou Colorful LP. Therefore, Dr. SU and Mr. JIN are deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by of Liuzhou
         Colorful LP for the purpose of the SFO. For the avoidance of doubt, there is no individual limited partner (except Mr. JIN) contributed
         more than one-third of the capital contribution of Liuzhou Colorful LP.

Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2025, none of the Directors or the chief executives of the Company
and any of their associates had or was deemed to have any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying
Shares or debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO),
which was required to be (i) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of
Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such
provisions of the SFO); or (ii) recorded into the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO;
or (iii) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
As of 31 December 2025, the persons or corporations (not being a Director or chief executive of the Company)
who had an interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to
the Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by
the Company under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:

                                                                                                             Number of
                                                                                                          the Shares or         Approximate
                                                                                                             underlying        percentage of
Name of shareholders                                      Nature of interest and capacity                   Shares held        shareholding
Hongzun International                                     Beneficial owner                                  301,155,800                  24.31%
Hongzun Investment                                        Interest in controlled corporation(1)             301,155,800                  24.31%
Ms. WANG                                                  Spouse interest(2)                                439,636,948                  35.48%

Notes:

(1)      Hongzun International is wholly-owned by Hongzun Investment. Therefore, Hongzun Investment is deemed to be interested in all the
         Shares held by Hongzun International for the purpose of the SFO. Dr. SU is the sole director of Hongzun International.

(2)      Ms. WANG was deemed to be interested in in all the Shares held by her spouse, Dr. SU.

Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2025, the Directors were not aware of any other person or
corporation having an interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying Shares as notified to the
Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by
the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report       61
REPORT OF DIRECTORS



PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The Articles provide that every Director or other officers of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified out of
the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or about the execution
of the duties of his office or otherwise in relation thereto. The Company has maintained appropriate Directors’
and officers’ liability insurance in respect of relevant legal actions against the Directors and officers.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
In 2025, none of the Directors is interested in any business apart from the Company’s business that competes or
is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the Company’s business.

Deed of Non-Competition
Each of the Controlling Shareholders and the executive Director has entered into the Deed of Non-competition
(the “Deed of Non-Competition”) on 2 June 2021 in favour of the Company. Detailed information on the Deed of
Non-Competition is set forth in the section headed “Relationship with our Controlling Shareholders - Deed of Non-
Competition” in the Prospectus.

Each of the Controlling Shareholders (as defined in the Prospectus) has made an annual confirmation to the
Company that in 2025, all the Controlling Shareholders have duly complied with the undertaking provisions under
the Deed of Non-Competition. The Controlling Shareholders have also provided the independent non-executive
Directors with information on their business activities for review.

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the confirmations and information provided by the
Controlling Shareholders and are satisfied that the undertaking provisions under the Deed of Non-Competition
were fully complied with and enforced in 2025.

The Company is not aware of any other matters regarding the compliance and enforcement of the Deed of Non-
Competition.

AUDITOR
There has been no change of the auditor of the Company in 2025. A resolution will be submitted to the
forthcoming Annual General Meeting to re-appoint Messrs. RSM Hong Kong as the auditor of the Company.




62      Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                                               REPORT OF DIRECTORS



ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
The annual general meeting (the “AGM”) of the Company will be held on Friday, 26 June 2026. The register of
members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 23 June 2026 to Friday, 26 June 2026, both days inclusive,
during which period no transfer of Shares will be registered. The record date for entitlement to attend and vote
at the AGM is Friday, 26 June 2026. In order to determine the entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM, all share
transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company’s branch
share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt
Road, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 22 June 2026.




On behalf of the Board
Dr. SU Ertian
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Hong Kong, 27 March 2026




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   63
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board is pleased to report to the Shareholders on the corporate governance of the Company for 2025.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CULTURE AND STRATEGY
The Company understands that corporate culture is the intrinsic driving force for the Company to achieve
sustainable development, and that it can unite consensus, give full play to the initiative and creativity of
employees, create greater value for the Company, and lay a solid foundation for the Company’s sustained and
long-lasting development.

The Group’s culture is based on four core values: integrity, innovation, leadership and harmony.

“Integrity” refers to honesty, trustworthiness and compliance with the law. The Group speaks of credit and
commitment, respect the spirit of contract, follow fairness and justice, comply with professional ethics and
corporate rules and regulations, so as to build quality and brand with integrity, win the trust of customers, win
the trust of partners, and win social reputation with integrity.

“Innovation” refers to the courage to innovate and pursue excellence. The Group focuses on researching cutting-
edge technologies, applying new technologies and equipment, deepening the integration of “industry-academia-
research-application” cooperation with domestic and foreign research institutes and universities, accelerating
the transformation and application of its innovations, continuing to promote product research and development,
optimising product structure, deepening market expansion, and broadening the room for growth, so as to ensure
that the Company’s foundation is everlasting.

“Leadership” refers to leadership in talent, technology, market and scale. With the spirit of leadership in every
aspect, the Group will improve the quality standard of our products in all aspects to create a better experience
and higher quality value for the customers.

“Harmony” refers to solidarity, co-operation and win-win situation. The Group adheres to the “people-oriented”
principle, respect and care for the employees, provide them with room for development, and realise a harmonious
relationship with them. The Group actively fulfil its social responsibilities and contribute to the building of a
harmonious society, so as to achieve a harmonious relationship with the society and a harmonious relationship
between technological development and nature.

Corporate governance is the process by which the Board instructs management of the Group to conduct its
affairs with a view to ensuring that its objectives are met. The Board is committed to maintaining and developing
robust corporate governance practices that are intended to ensure:

–    satisfactory and sustainable returns to Shareholders;
–    that the interests of those who deal with the Company are safeguarded;
–    that overall business risk is understood and managed appropriately;
–    the delivery of high-quality products and services to the satisfaction of customers; and
–    that high standards of ethics are maintained.




64     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Group has identified and are satisfied with the vision, mission, values and strategies that are integral to
the Group’s culture and has instilled this culture throughout the Group to guide our daily operations and the
behaviour of the employees. The Company believes that this will maximise returns to Shareholders in the long
term and will also benefit employees, business partners and the communities in which the Company operates.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Board is committed to achieving high corporate governance standards.

The Board believes that high corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the
Group to safeguard the interests of Shareholders, enhance corporate value, formulate its business strategies and
policies, and enhance its transparency and accountability.

The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”)
contained in Part 2 of Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as the basis of the Company’s corporate governance
practices.

In the opinion of the Directors, in 2025, the Company has complied with the applicable code provisions as set out
in the CG Code, except for code provision C.2.1 which is explained in the relevant paragraphs of this Corporate
Governance Report.

MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
Code”) as set forth in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its code of conduct regarding securities transactions by
the Directors. Having made specific enquiry with all Directors, they have confirmed that they have complied with
the Model Code in 2025.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Company is headed by an effective Board which assumes responsibility for its leadership and control and be
collectively responsible for promoting the Company’s success by directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.
Directors take decisions objectively in the best interests of the Company.




                                                                                            2025 Annual Report   65
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements
of the Company’s business and regularly reviews the contribution required from a Director to perform his
responsibilities to the Company and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them that are
commensurate with their role and the Board responsibilities. The Board includes a balanced composition of
executive Directors and non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) so that there is
a strong independent element on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgement.

Board Composition
In 2025 and up to the date of this Annual Report, the Board comprised the following Directors:

Executive Directors:
Dr. SU Ertian (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. JIN Zengqin
Mr. ZHOU Fangchao (Joint company secretary)
Mr. BAI Zhihuan
Ms. ZENG Zhu
Mr. LIM Kwang Su

Non-executive Director:
Mr. HU Yongxiang

Independent non-executive Directors:
Mr. HUI Chi Fung
Professor HAN Gaorong
Mr. LEUNG Kwai Wah Alex
Professor CHEN Fadong

The biographical information of the Directors is set forth in the section headed “Biographical Information on
Directors and Senior Management” in this annual report. The relationships between the Directors are disclosed
in the respective Director’s biography. Save as disclosed above, there is no relationship (including financial,
business, family or other material/relevant relationship(s)) among the members of the Board.




66     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Board Meetings
Regular Board meetings should be held at least four times a year involving active participation, either in person
or through electronic means of communication, of a majority of Directors.

The attendance records of the Directors at the Board meetings held in 2025 are set forth in the paragraph under
“Attendance Records of Directors and Board Committee Members” below.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separated
and should not be performed by the same individual. Dr. SU Ertian, the Chairman of the Board and the Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, currently performs these two roles.

Dr. SU has been responsible for formulating overall business development strategies and leading overall
operations of the Group and has been instrumental to business growth of the Group. The Board therefore
considers that vesting the roles of both chairman and chief executive officer in Dr. SU is beneficial to business
development of the Group by ensuring consistent leadership and enabling more effective and efficient overall
strategic planning. The senior management team and the Board will provide check and balance of power and
authority.

The Board considers that the balance of power and authority for the present arrangement will not be impaired
and this structure will enable the Company to make and implement decisions promptly and effectively. The Board
will continue to review and consider splitting the roles of chairman and chief executive officer of the Company at
a time when it is appropriate and suitable by weighting the circumstances of the Group as a whole.

Independent non-executive Directors
In 2025, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least
three independent non-executive Directors (representing one-third of the Board) with one of whom possessing
appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.

The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in
respect of his independence in accordance with the independence guidelines set forth in Rule 3.13 of the Listing
Rules. The Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors are independent.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   67
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Board Independence Evaluation
The Company has established a Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism which sets forth the processes and
procedures to ensure a strong independent element on the Board, which allows the Board to effectively exercise
independent judgment to better safeguard Shareholders’ interests.

The objectives of the evaluation are to improve Board effectiveness, maximise strengths, and identify the
areas that need improvement or further development. The evaluation process also clarifies what actions of the
Company need to be taken to maintain and improve the Board performance, for instance, addressing individual
training and development needs of each Director.

Pursuant to the Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism, the Board will conduct annual review on its
independence. The Board Independence Evaluation Report will be presented to the Board which will collectively
discuss the results and the action plan for improvement, if appropriate.

In 2025, all Directors have completed the independence evaluation in the form of a questionnaire individually. The
Board Independence Evaluation Report was presented to the Board and the evaluation results were satisfactory.

In 2025, the Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Board Independence Evaluation
Mechanism and the results were satisfactory.

Appointment and Re-election of Directors
The non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) are appointed for a specific term of
three years, subject to renewal after the expiry of the then current term.

All the Directors are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the annual general meetings. Under the
Articles, at each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors for the time being, or if their number is not
three of a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third shall retire from office by rotation
provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. The Articles
also provides that all Directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office until the first annual general
meeting after appointment. The retiring Directors shall be eligible for re-election.




68      Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and Management
The Board should assume responsibility for leadership and control of the Company; and is collectively responsible
for directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.

The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to management by
laying down strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial
performance, and ensures that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.

All Directors, including non-executive Director and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide
spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and
effective functioning. The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of
regulatory reporting of the Company and providing a balance in the Board for bringing effective independent
judgement on corporate actions and operations.

All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek
independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their
duties to the Company.

The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them.

The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal
control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests),
financial information, appointment of Directors and other significant operational matters of the Company.
Responsibilities relating to implementing decisions of the Board, directing and co-ordinating the daily operation
and management of the Company are delegated to the management.

Continuous Professional Development of Directors
Directors shall keep abreast of regulatory developments and changes in order to effectively perform their
responsibilities and to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.

Every newly appointed Director has received a formal and comprehensive induction on the first occasion of
his/her appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and
full awareness of Director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory
requirements.

Directors should participate in appropriate continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
knowledge and skills. Internally-facilitated briefings for Directors would be arranged and reading material on
relevant topics would be provided to Directors where appropriate. All Directors are encouraged to attend relevant
training courses at the Company’s expenses.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   69
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



In 2025, the Company organised training sessions for all Directors. The training sessions covered a wide range
of relevant topics including directors’ duties and responsibilities, corporate governance and regulatory updates.
In addition, relevant reading materials including compliance manual, legal and regulatory updates, seminar
handouts have been provided to the Directors for their reference and studying.

The training records of the Directors in 2025 are summarised as follows:

Directors                                                                Type of Training (Note)
Executive Directors
Dr. SU Ertian                                                            A/B
Mr. JIN Zengqin                                                          A/B
Mr. ZHOU Fangchao                                                        A/B
Mr. BAI Zhihuan                                                          A/B
Ms. ZENG Zhu                                                             A/B
Mr. LIM Kwang Su                                                         A/B

Non-executive Director
Mr. HU Yongxiang                                                         A/B

Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. HUI Chi Fung                                                         A/B
Professor HAN Gaorong                                                    A/B
Mr. LEUNG Kwai Wah Alex                                                  A/B
Professor CHEN Fadong                                                    A/B

Notes:

Types of Training

A:       Attending training sessions, including but not limited to, briefings, seminars, conferences and workshops
B:       Reading relevant news alerts, newspapers, journals, magazines and relevant publications




70          Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has established three committees, namely, the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and
Nomination Committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. All Board committees of the
Company are established with specific written terms of reference which deal clearly with their authority and
duties. The terms of reference of the Board committees are posted on the Company’s websites and the Stock
Exchange’s website and are available to Shareholders upon request.

The list of the chairman and members of each Board committee is set forth under “Corporate Information” in this
annual report.

Audit Committee
The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. HUI Chi Fung, Professor
HAN Gaorong and Mr. LEUNG Kwai Wah Alex. Mr. HUI Chi Fung is the chairman of the Audit Committee.

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are of no less exacting terms than those set forth in the CG
Code. The main duties of the Audit Committee are to assist the Board in reviewing the financial information and
reporting process, risk management and internal control systems, effectiveness of the internal audit function,
scope of audit and appointment of external auditors, and arrangements to enable employees of the Company
to raise concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the
Company.

The Audit Committee held three meetings to review, in respect of 2025, the interim and annual financial
results and reports and significant issues on the financial reporting, operational and compliance controls, the
effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems and internal audit function, appointment
of external auditor and engagement of non-audit services and relevant scope of works and arrangements for
employees to raise concerns about possible improprieties.

The Audit Committee also met the external auditors twice without the presence of the Executive Directors.

The attendance records of the Audit Committee are set forth in the paragraph under “Attendance Records of
Directors and Board Committee Members” below.

Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. LEUNG Kwai Wah Alex, Professor HAN
Gaorong and Mr. ZHOU Fangchao. Mr. LEUNG Kwai Wah Alex is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.

The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are of no less exacting terms than those set forth in the
CG Code. The primary functions of the Remuneration Committee include reviewing and making recommendations
to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior management, the
remuneration policy and structure for all Directors and senior management; and establishing transparent
procedures for developing such remuneration policy and structure to ensure that no Director or any of his
associates will participate in deciding his own remuneration.



                                                                                          2025 Annual Report   71
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Remuneration Committee met once in 2025 to consider the relevant matters regarding the remuneration
policy and the remuneration packages of the executive Directors and senior management.

The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including Directors
and senior management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the Company’s
affairs. The remuneration packages of executive Directors are also determined with reference to the Company’s
performance and profitability, the prevailing market conditions and the performance or contribution of
each executive Director. The remuneration for the executive Directors comprises basic salary, pensions and
discretionary bonus. Executive Directors shall receive options to be granted under the Company’s share option
scheme. The remuneration policy for non-executive Director and independent non-executive Directors is to
ensure that non-executive Director and independent non-executive Directors are adequately compensated for
their efforts and time dedicated to the Company’s affairs, including their participation in Board committees.
The remuneration for the non-executive Director and independent non-executive Directors mainly comprises
Director’s fee which is determined with reference to their duties and responsibilities by the Board. Individual
Directors and senior management have not been involved in deciding their own remuneration.

The attendance records of the Remuneration Committee are set forth in the paragraph under “Attendance
Records of Directors and Board Committee Members” below.

The remuneration paid to the members of the senior management (excluding executive Directors), whose
biographical details are set forth in the section headed “Biographical Information on Directors and Senior
Management” in this annual report, by band for 2025 is set forth below:


                                                                                                   Number of
Remuneration Band                                                                                 Individuals

Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                                        2
HK$1,000,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                               1
HK$2,000,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                                               —
HK$3,000,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                                               3


Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee consists of five members, namely Dr. SU Ertian, Professor HAN Gaorong, Mr. HUI Chi
Fung, Ms. ZENG Zhu and Professor CHEN Fadong. Dr. SU Ertian is the chairman of the Nomination Committee.

The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are of no less exacting terms than those set forth in the
CG Code. The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include reviewing the Board composition, assisting
the Board in maintaining a board skill matrix, supporting the Company’s regular evaluation of the Board’s
performance, developing and formulating relevant procedures for the nomination and appointment of Directors,
making recommendations to the Board on the appointment and succession planning of Directors, reviewing the
board diversity policy of the Company (the “Board Diversity Policy”) and the director nomination policy of the
Company (the “Director Nomination Policy”) and assessing the independence of independent non-executive
Directors.



72     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



In assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee would take into account various aspects as
well as factors concerning Board diversity as set forth in the Board Diversity Policy. The Nomination Committee
would discuss and agree on measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board, where necessary, and
recommend them to the Board for adoption.

In identifying and selecting suitable candidates for directorships, the Nomination Committee would consider the
candidate’s relevant criteria as set forth in the Director Nomination Policy that are necessary to complement the
corporate strategy and achieve Board diversity, where appropriate, before making recommendation to the Board.

The Nomination Committee met twice in 2025 to review the structure, size and composition of the Board and the
independence of the independent non-executive Directors, to consider the qualifications of the retiring Directors
standing for re-election at the Annual General Meeting, to review the Board Diversity Policy and Director
Nomination Policy. The Nomination Committee considered an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives of the
Board is maintained.

The attendance records of the Nomination Committee are set forth in the paragraph under “Attendance Records
of Directors and Board Committee Members” below.

Board Diversity Policy
The Company has adopted a Board Diversity Policy which sets forth the approach to achieve diversity of the
Board. The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and sees increasing
diversity at the Board level as an essential element in maintaining the Company’s competitive advantage.

Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Nomination Committee will review annually the structure, size
and composition of the Board and where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the Board to
complement the Company’s corporate strategy and to ensure that the Board maintains a balanced diverse
profile. In relation to reviewing and assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee is committed to
diversity at all levels and will consider a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and
educational background, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and regional and industry experience.

The Company aims to maintain an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives that are relevant to the
Company’s business growth and is also committed to ensuring that recruitment and selection practices at
all levels (from the Board downwards) are appropriately structured so that a diverse range of candidates are
considered.




                                                                                              2025 Annual Report   73
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



For the purpose of implementation of the Board Diversity Policy, the following measurable objectives were
adopted:

–    At least one member of the Board shall be female.

–    At least one-third of the members of the Board shall be independent non-executive Directors.

An analysis of the Board’s current composition based on the measurable objectives is set forth below:

Gender                                                      Age Group
Male: 10                                                    31-40: 2
Female: 1                                                   41-50: 2
                                                            51-60: 3
                                                            61-70: 3
                                                            71-80: 1

Designation                                                 Educational Background
Executive Directors: 6                                      Business Administration: 4
Non-executive Director: 1                                   Account and Finance: 2
Independent Non-executive Directors: 4                      Other: 5

Nationality                                                 Business Experience
Chinese: 10                                                 Accounting & Finance: 2
Korean: 1                                                   Experience related to the Company’s business: 9

The Nomination Committee and the Board are of the view that the current composition of the Board has achieved
the objectives set forth in the Board Diversity Policy.

The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.




74     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Gender Diversity
The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. The following table sets forth the gender
ratio in the workforce of the Group, including the Board and senior management as of the date of this annual
report:


                                                                                 Female                          Male

Board                                                                                 9%                        91%
                                                                                      (1)                       (10)
Senior Management                                                                    33%                        67%
                                                                                      (2)                        (4)
Other employees                                                                      29%                        71%
                                                                                    (614)                    (1,480)
Overall workforce                                                                    29%                        71%
                                                                                    (617)                    (1,494)

The Board had targeted to have at least one female director and considers that the above current gender diversity
is satisfactory.

Details on the gender ratio of the Group together with relevant data can be found in the Environmental, Social and
Governance Report dated 28 April 2026 of the Company.

Director Nomination Policy
The Board has delegated its responsibilities and authority for selection and appointment of Directors to the
Nomination Committee of the Company.

The Company has adopted a Director Nomination Policy which sets forth the selection criteria and nomination
process and the Board succession planning considerations in relation to nomination and appointment of
Directors of the Company and aims to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of
perspectives appropriate to the Company and the continuity of the Board and appropriate leadership at Board
level.




                                                                                            2025 Annual Report     75
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The nomination process set forth in the Director Nomination Policy is as follows:

Appointment of New Director
(i)     The Nomination Committee and/or the Board may select candidates for directorship from various channels,
        including but not limited to internal promotion, re-designation, referral by other member of the management
        and external recruitment agents.

(ii)    The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should, upon receipt of the proposal on appointment of new
        Director and the biographical information (or relevant details) of the candidate, evaluate such candidate
        based on the criteria as set out above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship.

(iii)   If the process yields one or more desirable candidates, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board
        should rank them by order of preference based on the needs of the Company and reference check of each
        candidate (where applicable).

(iv)    The Nomination Committee should then recommend to the Board to appoint the appropriate candidate for
        directorship, as applicable.

(v)     For any person that is nominated by a Shareholder for election as a Director at the general meeting of the
        Company, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should evaluate such candidate based on the criteria
        as set out above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship.

Where appropriate, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should make recommendation to Shareholders
in respect of the proposed election of Director at the general meeting.

Re-election of Director at General Meeting
(i)     The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should review the overall contribution and service to the
        Company of the retiring Director and the level of participation and performance on the Board.

(ii)    The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should also review and determine whether the retiring
        Director continues to meet the criteria as set out above.

(iii)   The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should then make recommendation to Shareholders in respect
        of the proposed re-election of Director at the general meeting.

Where the Board proposes a resolution to elect or re-elect a candidate as Director at the general meeting,
the relevant information of the candidate will be disclosed in the circular to Shareholders and/or explanatory
statement accompanying the notice of the relevant general meeting in accordance with the Listing Rules and/or
applicable laws and regulations.




76        Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Director Nomination Policy sets forth the criteria for assessing the suitability and the potential contribution to
the Board of a proposed candidate, including but not limited to the following:

•    Character and integrity;

•    Qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience that are relevant to the
     Company’s business and corporate strategy;

•    Diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age (18 years or above), cultural and educational
     background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service;

•    Requirements of independent non-executive Directors on the Board and independence of the proposed
     independent non-executive Directors in accordance with the Listing Rules; and

•    Commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest to discharge duties as a member of the Board
     and/or Board committee(s) of the Company.

In 2025, the Directors re-elected were subject to a stringent nomination process in accordance with the Director
Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy, to ensure the Board possesses the necessary skills, experience
and knowledge in alignment with the Company’s strategy.

The Nomination Committee will review the Director Nomination Policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.

Corporate Governance Functions
The Board is responsible for performing the functions set forth in the code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code.

In 2025, the Board had reviewed the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and
continuous professional development of Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies and practices
on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the compliance of the Model Code and the Employees
Written Guidelines, and the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in this Corporate Governance
Report.




                                                                                               2025 Annual Report   77
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Attendance Records of Directors and Board Committee Members
A summary of the attendance records of the Directors at the Board, Board Committee and general meetings held
in 2025 is set forth below:


                                                                         Attendance/Number of Meetings

                                                                                                         Annual    Extraordinary
                                                                  Audit     Nomination Remuneration      General      General
 Name of Directors                            Board             Committee   Committee Committee          Meeting      Meeting

 Dr. SU Ertian                                  4/4                 –          2/2           –               1/1       1/1
 Mr. JIN Zengqin                                4/4                 –           –            –               1/1       1/1
 Mr. ZHOU Fangchao                              4/4                 –           –           1/1              1/1       1/1
 Mr. BAI Zhihuan                                4/4                 –           –            –               1/1       1/1
 Ms. ZENG Zhu (1)                               4/4                 –          0/2           –               1/1       1/1
 Mr. LIM Kwang Su                               4/4                 –           –            –               1/1       1/1
 Mr. HU Yongxiang                               4/4                 –           –            –               1/1       1/1
 Mr. HUI Chi Fung                               4/4                3/3         2/2           –               1/1       1/1
 Professor HAN Gaorong                          4/4                3/3         2/2          1/1              1/1       1/1
 Mr. LEUNG Kwai Wah Alex                        4/4                3/3          –           1/1              1/1       1/1
 Professor CHEN Fadong (2)                      4/4                 –          0/2           –               1/1       1/1

Notes:

(1)      Ms. ZENG Zhu was appointed as Nomination Committee member with effect from 27 June 2025.

(2)      Professor CHEN Fadong was appointed as Nomination Committee member with effect from 27 June 2025.


Apart from regular Board meetings, the Chairman also held a meeting with the independent non-executive
Directors without the presence of other Directors in 2025.

The independent non-executive Directors and non-executive Director have attended general meetings of the
Company to gain and develop a balanced understanding of the view of the Shareholders.




78         Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the risk management and internal control systems and reviewing
their effectiveness. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve
business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement
or loss.

The Company adopted internal control system and risk management system which are designed and
implemented to address the specific business needs and operating environment and to minimise the risk
exposure of the Group. The Company have adopted different internal guidelines, along with written policies and
procedures, to monitor and reduce the risks which are relevant to the control our daily business operations
and the improvement in the corporate governance of the Company. The Group’s senior management team is
responsible for identifying and analysing the risks associated with business operations, preparing risk mitigation
plans and assessing and reporting to the Board their effectiveness. The Board has the overall responsibility for
evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks it is willing to take in achieving the Company’s
strategic objectives, and establishing and maintaining appropriate and effective risk management and internal
control systems.

The Company established an internal audit department (the “Internal Audit Department”) under the supervision
of the Audit Committee. The Internal Audit Department is established to overseeing the daily and effective
implementation of internal control measures and reporting to our Audit Committee on any compliance issue and
the record of compliance in this respect.

Through the Audit Committee and the internal audit team, the Board has conducted an annual review on the
effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems of the Group for 2025.

Based on the results of the internal control review for 2025 and the assessment of the Audit Committee thereon,
no significant deficiency in risk management and internal controls systems are noted. The Board therefore is
satisfied that appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems have been maintained for
2025.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   79
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



ANTI-BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION RISK MANAGEMENT
The Company has implemented appropriate policies and procedures to address any potential bribery and
corruption issues. All department heads and managers are required to report to the Internal Audit Department
any bribery or corruption incidents. The Company has also established a whistle blower policy for reporting any
alleged bribery and corruption. The internal anti-bribery and corruption policies and procedures include the
following:

(a)   requiring the Company’s employees to report any bribery and corruption incident when they became aware
      of such incident;

(b)   prohibiting the Company’s employees and other engaged working parties from receiving bribes, either
      financial benefit or benefit-in-kind such as gift;

(c)   performing financial and internal audits by the Internal Audit Department and external audit agency on a
      regular basis to identity any risk of bribery and corruption;

(d)   evaluating the anti-bribery and corruption policies by Internal Audit Department to ensure the effectiveness;
      and

(e)   providing training to the Company’s employees on how to identify and report misconduct.

In case the Internal Audit Department has identified a material risk of bribery and corruption, it will initiate
investigation with the assistance from one of the Company’s executive Directors. The investigation results will be
reported to the Board (including independent non-executive Directors). The Internal Audit Department is required
to keep all information about and related to the investigation, including the fact that an investigation has been
filed, the nature of the complaint and the persons involved, in strict confidence. The Company also requires all
new employees to go through anti-bribery training as part of their orientation training programmes.

Any staff who is in breach of the Company’s anti-bribery and corruption policy would be dismissed, and the
Company may report the matter to the relevant governmental authorities should there be a violation of the
applicable laws and regulations.




80      Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for 2025
with the support of the accounting and finance team.

The Directors have prepared the financial statements in accordance with the IFRS Accounting Standards issued
by the International Accounting Standards Board. Appropriate accounting policies have also been used and
applied consistently except the adoption of revised standards, amendments to standards and interpretation.

The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast
significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

The statement of the independent auditors of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the financial
statements is set forth in the “Independent Auditor’s Report” of this annual report.

AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
The remuneration paid and payable to the external auditors of the Company in respect of audit services and non-
audit services for 2025 is set forth below:


                                                                                                         Amount
                                                                                                       (RMB’000)

 Audit services
 – by RSM Hong Kong                                                                                            4,330
 – by RSM network firm                                                                                           606

                                                                                                               4,936

 Non-audit services
 – Review of interim financial information                                                                     3,160

 Total                                                                                                         8,096




                                                                                          2025 Annual Report      81
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Mr. ZHOU Fangchao, an executive Director and a joint company secretary of the Company, is responsible for
advising the Board on corporate governance matters and ensuring that the Board’s policies and procedures, as
well as the applicable laws, rules and regulations are followed.

In order to uphold good corporate governance and ensure compliance with the Listing Rules and applicable
Hong Kong laws, the Company also engaged Ms. CHEUNG Ka Lun Karen, a manager of Tricor Services Limited
(a company secretarial service provider), as the joint company secretary to assist Mr. ZHOU to discharge his
duties as company secretary of the Company. Mr. ZHOU is the primary contact person at the Company which
would work and communicate with Ms. CHEUNG on the Company’s corporate governance and secretarial and
administrative matters.

For 2025, Mr. ZHOU and Ms. CHEUNG have undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training
respectively in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting and Putting Forward Proposals
Pursuant to Article 58 of the Articles, extraordinary general meetings may be convened by the Board whenever
it thinks fit. Any one or more Members holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth
of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company, on a one
vote per share basis, shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the Secretary of
the Company, to require an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any
business or resolution specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two months after the
deposit of such requisition. If within twenty-one days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such
meeting the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may convene a physical meeting at only one location which will
be the principal place of the meeting, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of
the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board
For putting forward any enquiries to the Board, Shareholders may send written enquiries to the Company. The
Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.




82      Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Contact Details
Shareholders may send their enquiries or requests as mentioned above to the following:

Address:        Room 2703, 27/F, China Resources Building, 26 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
                (For the attention of the Board of Directors)
Telephone:      (852) 3797 7882
Email:          zhoufangchao@chesir.com

For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholders must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition,
notice or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address and provide their full name, contact
details and identification in order to give effect thereto. Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as required
by law.

COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor
relations and investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company
endeavours to maintain an on-going dialogue with Shareholders and in particular, through annual general
meetings and other general meetings. At the annual general meeting, Directors (or their delegates as appropriate)
are available to meet Shareholders and answer their enquiries.

To safeguard Shareholder interests and rights, separate resolution should be proposed for each substantially
separate issue at general meetings, including the election of individual Director. All resolutions put forward at
general meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the
websites of the Company and of the Stock Exchange after each general meeting.

Shareholders’ Communication Policy
The Company has in place a shareholders’ communication policy (the “Shareholders’ Communication Policy”).
The policy aims at promoting effective communication with Shareholders and other stakeholders, encouraging
Shareholders to engage actively with the Company and enabling Shareholders to exercise their rights as
Shareholders effectively. The Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’
Communication Policy and the results were satisfactory.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   83
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Company has established a number of channels for maintaining an on-going dialogue with its Shareholders
as follows:

(a)   Corporate Communication
“Corporate Communication” as defined under the Listing Rules refers to any document issued or to be issued
by the Company for the information or action of holders of any of its securities, including but not limited to the
following documents of the Company: (a) the Directors’ report, annual accounts together with a copy of the
auditor’s report and, where applicable, its summary financial report; (b) the interim report and, where applicable,
its summary interim report; (c) a notice of meeting; (d) a listing document; (e) a circular; and (f) a proxy form.
The Corporate Communication of the Company will be published on its website (www.chesir.com) and the
Stock Exchange’s website (www.hkexnews.hk) in a timely manner as required by the Listing Rules. A notice of
publication of the Website Version of Corporate Communications, in both English and Chinese, will be sent by the
Company to Shareholders by email or by post (only if the Company does not possess the functional email address
of a Shareholder) on the publication date of the Corporate Communications.

For those Shareholders who wish to receive a printed version of all future Corporate Communications or, if
for any reason, have difficulty in gaining access to the Company’s website, the Company will, upon receipt of
request in writing by the Shareholder to the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong at 17/F, Far East
Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong or by email to 6616-ecom@vistra.com, send future Corporate
Communications and/or the relevant Corporate Communications (as the case may be) to such Shareholders in
printed form free of charge.

(b)   Announcements and Other Documents pursuant to the Listing Rules
The Company shall publish announcements (on inside information, corporate actions and transactions etc.)
and other documents (e.g. Articles) on the Stock Exchange’s website in a timely manner in accordance with the
Listing Rules.

(c)   Corporate Websites
Any information or documents of the Company posted on the Stock Exchange’s website will also be published
on the Company’s website (www.chesir.com) under the “Investor Relations” section. Other corporate information
about the Company’s business developments, goals and strategies, corporate news, marketing events and press
release in relation to community services will also be available on the Company’s websites.




84      Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



(d)   Shareholders’ Meetings
The annual general meeting and other general meetings of the Company are primary forum for communication
between the Company and its Shareholders. The Company shall provide Shareholders with relevant information
on the resolution(s) proposed at a general meeting in a timely manner in accordance with the Listing Rules.
The information provided shall be reasonably necessary to enable Shareholders to make an informed decision
on the proposed resolution(s). Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint
proxies to attend and vote at the meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the meetings.
Where appropriate or required, the Chairman of the Board and other Board members, the chairmen of board
committees or their delegates, and the external auditors should attend general meetings of the Company to
answer Shareholders’ questions (if any). The chairman of the independent board committee (if any) should
also be available to answer questions at any general meeting to approve a connected transaction or any other
transaction that is subject to independent Shareholders’ approval.

(e)   Shareholders’ Enquiries
Enquiries about Shareholdings
Shareholders should direct their enquiries about their shareholdings to the Company’s branch share registrar,
Tricor Investor Services Limited, via its online holding enquiry service at https://srhk.vistra.com, or send email
to is-enquiries@vistra.com or call its hotline at (852) 2980 1333, or go in person to its public counter at 17/F, Far
East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong.

Amendments to Constitutional Documents
In 2025, the Company has not made any changes to its Articles. An up-to-date version of the Company’s Articles
is also available on the Company’s website and the Stock Exchange’s website.

Dividend Policy
The Company has adopted a Dividend Policy on payment of dividends. The Company does not have any pre-
determined dividend payout ratio. Depending on the financial conditions of the Company and the Group and the
conditions and factors as set out in the Dividend Policy, dividends may be proposed and/or declared by the Board
during a financial year and any final dividend for a financial year will be subject to the Shareholders’ approval.
Such details have been disclosed in the section headed “Report of Directors” in this annual report.




                                                                                              2025 Annual Report   85
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS AND
SENIOR MANAGEMENT

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Dr. Su Ertian (“Dr. SU”), aged 60, is the founder, executive Director, Chairman of the board, Chief Executive
Officer, and one of the controlling shareholders of the Company. Dr. SU also serves as the Chairman of Guangxi
Chesir Pearl Material Co., Ltd. (“Chesir Pearl”), a principal subsidiary of the Company, having held this position
since the company’s incorporation on 29 March 2011. Prior to establishing Chesir Pearl, Dr. SU accumulated
extensive experience in the mining and trading sectors.

Dr. SU was appointed as a Director of the Company on 8 June 2018, and was re-designated as an executive
Director on 22 December 2020. Subsequently, Dr. SU was appointed as an executive director of CQV Co., Ltd.
(“CQV”) (listed on Korea’s KOSDAQ, stock code: 101240), a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company on 23
August 2023; appointed as an executive director of Zhejiang Hongzun Technology Co., Ltd. on 15 November
2023; and acting as the of Chief Executive Officer of SUSONITY (formerly Merck Surface Solutions business), a
subsidiary of the Company, effective from 1 August 2025.

Dr. SU is responsible for the Group’s overall strategic planning and major operational decisions, driving its
international expansion and cross-border M&A integration. Under his leadership, the Group continuously refines
its management systems and talent development mechanisms, enhancing global operational capabilities and
synergies.

Dr. SU actively participates in social affairs, currently serving as Vice Chairman of Liuzhou General Chamber of
Commerce (柳州市總商會) and Standing Committee Member of Liuzhou Federation of Industry and Commerce (柳
州市工商業聯合會). He also holds positions including President of the 5th Guangxi University (廣西大學) EMBA
Alumni Network, Founding President of the East China Alumni Network of HKU Business School (香港大學經管
學院華東校友會), MBA Alumni Mentor at Peking University Guanghua School of Management (北京大學光華管
理學院), Honorary Special President of Hangzhou Wenzhou Chamber of Commerce (杭州市溫州商會), and Life
Honorary President of Liuzhou Wenzhou Chamber of Commerce (柳州市溫州商會). Dr. SU previously served as
Vice Chairman of the Liuzhou Federation of Industry and Commerce (for two terms) and as a Liuzhou Municipal
People’s Congress Deputy (柳州市人大代表) for two terms.

Dr. SU has received numerous social honors and recognitions, including: “Outstanding Contributor to the Cause
of Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in Guangxi (廣西優秀中國特色社會主義事業建設者)” (2015), “Best
Corporate Leader Award (最佳企業領袖獎)” (2021), “Outstanding Private Entrepreneur of Guangxi (廣西優秀民
營企業家)” (2022), inclusion in the “Forbes China Greater Bay Area ESG Entrepreneurs (福布斯中國大灣區ESG
企業家)” list (2023), and the “Liuzhou May 1st Medal (柳州五一獎章)” (2023). In 2025, Dr. SU was recognised as a
“Hangzhou High-Level Talent (杭州市高層次人才)”, honored as one of “China’s Top Ten MBA Elite Figures (中國
MBA十大精英人物)”, and awarded the “ESG Outstanding Influence Business Leader Award (ESG卓越影響力商界
領袖獎)”.

Dr. SU obtained an Executive Master of Business Administration degree from Guangxi University in December
2012 and earned a Doctoral Degree in Business Administration from The University of Hong Kong in July 2025.
He served as an adjunct professor at Hubei University of Technology (湖北工業大學) from September 2017 to
September 2020.




86     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
      BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Mr. JIN Zengqin (“Mr. JIN”), aged 57, is currently an executive Director and one of the controlling shareholders
of the Company. Mr. JIN has been an executive director and Deputy General Manager of Chesir Pearl since May
2011, primarily responsible for supervising the sales business and driving the implementation of business
strategies and related plans. In 2025, Mr. JIN was appointed as General Manager of Zhejiang Hongzun Technology
Co. Ltd, with overall responsibility for the operation and management of the company, specifically including the
implementation of group strategies, achievement of operational goals, risk management and control, building of
the core team and improvement of organisational efficiency, etc.

Mr. JIN has many years of practical experience in manufacturing management and sales, and is proficient
in sales strategy formulation, sales channel expanding, brand planning, customer negotiation and team
management. Since he took on the position of Deputy General Manager in charge of sales at Chesir Pearl, he has
quickly built a marketing team, successfully opened up the market and established a sales network covering both
domestic and international markets.

Mr. JIN also serves as a member of the 10th Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference of Luzhai County
(鹿寨縣第十屆政協委員) and Vice Chairman of the Federation of Industry and Commerce of Luzhai County (鹿寨
縣工商業聯合會). Mr. JIN obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Hangzhou College of Commerce (杭
州商學院), the PRC in July 1991, a bachelor’s degree in business management from Guangxi University (廣西大
學), the PRC in June 1996, a bachelor’s degree in arts and design from Wuchang University of Technology (武昌理
工學院), the PRC in December 2013, and a master of Business Administration degree for Senior Executives from
Guangxi University (廣西大學), the PRC in June 2020.

Mr. ZHOU Fangchao (“Mr. ZHOU”), aged 43, graduated from Nanchang Hangkong University (南昌航空大學), the
PRC in July 2005 with a bachelor’s degree in Materials Forming and Control Engineering. He also holds a Doctoral
degree in Materials and Chemical Engineering at Zhejiang University (浙江大學). He has successively received
honorary titles including “Outstanding Communist Party Member of Liuzhou (柳州市優秀共產黨員)”, “Outstanding
Young Professional of Liuzhou (柳州市傑出青年崗位能手)”, “Outstanding Worker for Party Affairs of Liuzhou
(柳州市優秀黨務工作者)”, “First Batch of Enterprise Chief Technology Officers Selected and Registered by the
Science and Technology Department of Guangxi (廣西科學技術廳遴選入庫並備案首批企業首席技術官)” and
“Advanced Manufacturing Technology Talent of Guangxi (廣西先進製造技術人才)”.

From July 2005 to July 2008, he served as an engineer, workshop director, GMS manager and member of The
Communist Youth League of China at company level at SAIC-GM-Wuling Automobile (上汽通用五菱汽車股份
有限公司). From July 2008 to February 2010, he ran his own business. From March 2010 to March 2013, he
served as project director and general manager of Guangxi Branch of Guangxi Liugong Luchuang Manufacturing
Technology Co., Ltd (廣西柳工路創製造科技有限公司). He joined Chesir Pearl in April 2014 as assistant to the
Chairman of Chesir Pearl and was promoted to Deputy General Manager in April 2015. Since September 2018,
he has concurrently served as secretary of the board of directors of Chesir Pearl. He was appointed as a director
of Chesir Pearl in October 2020. From December 2020 to date, he has served as an executive Director, Vice
President and joint company secretary of the Company. From January 2024 to date, he has concurrently served
as General Manager of Chesir Pearl.




                                                                                          2025 Annual Report   87
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Mr. BAI Zhihuan (“Mr. BAI”), aged 42, graduated with a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from
Guangxi University of Science and Technology (廣西科技大學) and holds a master’s degree of Business
Administration from Shenandoah University, USA (美國雪蘭多大學). Mr. BAI joined the Group in 2014 and is a
director of Chesir Pearl. He is currently an executive Director and Vice President of the Company. He has been an
executive director of CQV since August 2023.

Mr. BAI is actively involved in social affairs and has been recognized as a person belonging to new social groups
in Luzhai county. He is currently a Director of the Wenzhou Chamber of Commerce and Vice Chairman of the
Luzhai County Federation of Industry and Commerce (鹿寨縣工商聯).

Ms. ZENG Zhu (“Ms. ZENG”), aged 35, is an executive Director. Ms. ZENG has joined Chesir Pearl since her
graduation in 2014. She graduated from Guangxi University (廣西大學) with a bachelor’s degree in Chemical
Engineering and Technology. Ms. ZENG initially served as a raw material procurement inspector at Chesir Pearl,
and with gradual promotion over the years, she was promoted to team leader of quality inspection and supervisor
of quality inspection in 2016 and 2019 respectively. In September 2021, Ms. ZENG was promoted to the Chief
Quality Officer of the Group, responsible for managing the quality control affairs of the Group.

Mr. LIM Kwang Su (“Mr. LIM”), aged 62, is an executive Director, Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of
the Group, and majored in industrial chemistry at Hongik University of Technology (弘益工業專科大學), South
Korea.

Mr. LIM served as R&D Team Leader at SEMO Chemical Company from 1986 to 1998 and R&D Team Leader at
Engelhard Korea from 1998 to 2000.

Mr. LIM co-founded CQV with Mr. Chang Gil-wan in 2000 and has been responsible for the overall operation and
management of CQV for approximately 24 years, including research and development, production and daily
management of the company; he was elected as the Representative Director of CQV on 22 August 2023.

Mr. LIM has been engaged in the effect pearlescent pigment business for 40 years to date and is one of the few
top experts in the research and development and production of the pearlescent pigment industry.




88     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
      BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Mr. HU Yongxiang (“Mr. HU”), aged 59, is a non-executive Director. Mr. HU has also been a director of Chesir
Pearl since October 2020. Mr. HU is primarily responsible for formulating the overall business implementation
plan of Chesir Pearl.

Mr. HU graduated from Tongji University (同濟大學), the PRC in November 1998 with a master’s degree of
Business Administration. Mr. HU has over 20 years of experience in venture capital investment. Mr. HU is
currently the General Manager of Zhejiang Venture Capital Group Co., Ltd. (浙江省創業投資集團有限公司), and
has experience in the successful listing of companies in the new materials industry, including Western Metal
Materials Co., Ltd. (西部金屬材料股份有限公司), (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock code:
002149) and Rutai Materials Tech Co., Ltd. (瑞泰科技股份有限公司) (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock
Exchange, stock code: 002066). Mr. HU served as a judge and entrepreneurship instructor for the new materials
finals of the China Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition (中國創新創業大賽新材料總決賽) from 2017 to
2019. Mr. HU is currently the Vice President of Zhejiang Venture Capital Association (浙江省創業投資協會).

Mr. HU has been a director of Zhejiang Qinglian Food Co., Ltd (浙江青蓮食品股份有限公司) since 28 June 2018.
The company was listed and traded on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations on 17 March 2016 and was
subsequently delisted on 21 July 2017 due to changes in strategic development plans with effect from 28 June
2018.

Mr. HU has been appointed as the chairman of the supervisory committee of Hangzhou Huaguang Welding New
Material Co., Ltd. (杭州華光焊接新材料股份有限公司) (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock
code: 688379) since September 2017. Mr. HU has served as a director of Hangzhou On Honest Tech. Corp., Ltd.
(杭州安鴻科技股份有限公司) (a company listed and traded on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations
and subsequently delisted in February 2021) since January 2019. Mr. HU has served as a supervisor of Dongyang
Qingyu Media Co., Ltd., (東陽青雨傳媒股份有限公司) (a company listed and traded on the National Equities
Exchange and Quotations, stock code: 832698) since March 2018.




                                                                                       2025 Annual Report   89
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. HUI Chi Fung (“Mr. HUI”), aged 67, is an independent non-executive Director. Mr. HUI is currently the sole
proprietor of Hui Chi Fung Certified Public Accountant, a practicing accountant. Mr. HUI is an executive council
member of the Hong Kong Independent Non-Executive Directors Association, and Vice Chairman of the Corporate
Governance Committee and the Membership & Talent Committee. Mr. HUI holds a master’s degree of Business
Administration from The University of Western Ontario (西安大略大學). Mr. HUI is a member of the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants, a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants
and a member of the Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada.

Mr. HUI is an experienced business executive with a solid accounting and financial background and has more
than 30 years of working experience in the information and communications technology and consumer services
industries. Mr. HUI retired from Fuji Xerox (Hong Kong) Limited (“Fuji Xerox HK”) in October 2019. Fuji Xerox HK
is a subsidiary of FUJIFILM Holdings Corporation (a company listed on The Tokyo Stock Exchange (stock code:
TYO: 4901)) and a subsidiary of Xerox Holdings Corporation (a company listed on NASDAQ (stock code: NASDAQ:
XRX)). Prior to his retirement, Mr. HUI served as the Managing Director of Fuji Xerox HK. During his 30 years of
working experience at Fuji Xerox HK, Mr. HUI was involved in the operations of Fuji Xerox HK, including equipment
leasing, corporate finance and monitoring, legal affairs and internal audit in Hong Kong and China. Mr. HUI also
assisted Fuji Xerox HK in implementing the enterprise risk management system and environmental, social and
governance initiatives and the establishment of internal audit team in both Hong Kong and China.

Professor HAN Gaorong (“Professor HAN”), aged 63, is an independent non-executive Director. Professor HAN
will provide independent advice and opinion on our strategy, performance, resources and financial operations.
Professor HAN is currently a Qiushi Distinguished Professor and Dean of Zhejiang University (浙江大學), the PRC.

Professor HAN is primarily engaged in research on inorganic functional nano-materials and new energy-saving
coated glass. Professor HAN has published numerous articles covering the preparation, structure, performance
and application of nano-semiconductor thin film materials. Professor HAN has participated in teaching and
research projects under the National Natural Science Foundation of China (國家自然科學基金委員會), the
National Key R&D Program (國家重點研發計劃) and the National Science and Technology Support Program (國家
科技支撐計劃) of the Ministry of Science and Technology of China. Professor HAN was awarded the Second Class
Prize of the State Scientific and Technological Progress Award (國家科技進步二等獎) in 2008, and the First Class
Prize of the Zhejiang Scientific and Technological Progress Award (浙江省科技進步一等獎) in 2004 and 2013
respectively. In 2004, Professor HAN was also granted the special government allowance by the State Council of
the PRC (國務院政府特殊津貼).

Professor HAN obtained his bachelor’s degree and doctoral degree in Materials Science and Engineering from
Zhejiang University (浙江大學), the PRC in July 1983 and December 1989, respectively. Professor HAN received
overseas doctoral training at Tokyo Institute of Technology, Japan from April 1988 to July 1989.




90     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
      BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Mr. LEUNG Kwai Wah Alex (“Mr. LEUNG”), aged 73, is an independent non-executive Director. Mr. LEUNG has
over 30 years of experience in banking and finance. Mr. LEUNG is a fellow member of the Governance Institute
of Australia, The Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and
Administrators), Hong Kong Institute of Directors and Hong Kong Securities and Investment Institute. Mr. LEUNG
is also a full member of Hong Kong Treasury Markets Association.

Mr. LEUNG worked in various multinational banks. From March 1982 to May 1986, Mr. LEUNG served at Hong
Kong branch of Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company, with his last position as a manager. From June 1986 to
July 1988, Mr. LEUNG was assistant vice president at the Hong Kong branch of National Westminster Bank USA.
Mr. LEUNG served as product manager at the headquarters of Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce from March
1992 to January 1995, and relationship manager at Credit Suisse, Hong Kong Branch from September 2006
to January 2008. Mr. LEUNG has been an independent non-executive Director of New City Development Group
Limited (a listed company on the Stock Exchange, stock code: 00456) since June 2016.

Mr. LEUNG obtained a Diploma in Business Administration from Hong Kong Baptist College (currently known
as Hong Kong Baptist University) in 1979 and a master’s degree of Business Administration from Illinois State
University (伊利諾伊州立大學), USA in 1981.

Professor CHEN Fadong (“Professor CHEN”), aged 38, is an independent non-executive Director.

Professor CHEN has been a professor in the Department of Data Science and Management Engineering,
School of Management, Zhejiang University, the PRC since January 2024. Professor CHEN served as ZJU100
Young Professor (百人計劃研究員) at Zhejiang University, the PRC from August 2017 to December 2023. In
the meantime, Professor CHEN is (i) a core member of the provincial key laboratory of philosophy and social
sciences; and (ii) a deputy secretary-general of the neuroeconomic management professional committee of the
Chinese Society of Technology Economics (中國技術經濟學會神經經濟管理專業委員會).

Professor CHEN obtained his Doctoral degree in Economics from the University of Konstanz, Germany (德國康斯
坦茨大學) in 2017, his Master’s degree in Management Science and Engineering from Northeastern University (東
北大學), the PRC in 2011 and his Bachelor’s degree in Information Management and Information Systems from
Northeastern University, the PRC in 2009.




                                                                                        2025 Annual Report   91
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. DONG Wenta (“Mr. DONG”), aged 59, joined Chesir Pearl in January 2013 as Finance Manager and was
promoted to Chief Financial Officer of Chesir Pearl in April 2016. He was appointed as Deputy General Manager
of Chesir Pearl in February 2018. Mr. DONG is responsible for monitoring the corporate finance matters of the
Group.

Mr. DONG has over 35 years of experience in accounting and financial management. Mr. DONG is a Certified
Public Accountant and Certified Internal Auditor in the PRC. From August 1985 to July 2005, Mr. DONG served in
local government authorities in Zhejiang Province for 20 years, with his last position being the finance principal
of Zhejiang Pingyang Salt Management Bureau (浙江省平陽縣鹽務局). From August 2005 until joining the Group
in January 2013, Mr. DONG served as a member of the senior management in companies of various industries in
the PRC, including coal mining, investment and financial services companies.

Professor FU Jiansheng (“Professor FU”), aged 71, joined the Group as Chief Engineer upon his retirement
as Professor of Hubei University of Technology (湖北工業大學) in May 2015. Professor FU is responsible for
overseeing the research and development and production activities of the Group. Professor FU served as a
Professor of Hubei University of Technology from 2010 to April 2015.

Professor FU has extensive experience in the research and development of pearlescent pigment materials and is
the inventor of 18 registered patents in the PRC and one registered patent in Japan.

Professor FU obtained his Bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering from Hubei Institute of Light Industry (湖北
輕工業學院) (currently known as Hubei University of Technology (湖北工業大學)), the PRC in July 1982.

Ms. ZHU Chunlin (“Ms. ZHU”), aged 48, joined the Group in July 2024 and is currently the Vice President and Chief
Integration Officer of the Group.

Prior to joining the Group, Ms. ZHU was a Partner of Mergers & Acquisitions Consulting at Deloitte Consulting
(Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (德勤管理諮詢 (上海) 有限公司), focusing on industries including advanced manufacturing,
automotive and TMT. She has over 20 years of experience in cross-border transactions and integration, and
has led and completed a number of major and internationally influential merger and acquisition projects across
jurisdictions in Europe, Asia and the Americas.

Since joining Deloitte in 2004, Ms. ZHU has served successively as Associate Director of Mergers and Acquisitions
Transaction Services, Director of Quality and Risk Control, Partner of Mergers and Acquisitions Advisory and
National Head of Industrial Products and Construction Sector. She has led the provision of services to a number
of globally leading enterprises and funds, including Citic Pacific Special Steel (中信泰富特鋼), GAC (廣汽), SAIC
Motor (上汽), Temasek (淡馬錫), Sequoia Capital (紅杉資本) and Cathay Capital (凱輝基金), covering the full
process of mergers and acquisitions due diligence, valuation, transaction structure design, post-investment
integration and synergy achievement.




92     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
      BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Major cross-border mergers and acquisitions transactions led by Ms. ZHU at Deloitte include: Singapore’s RGE
Group’s (新加坡金鷹集團) acquisition of Vinda International (維達國際) for HKD28.3 billion, Ganfeng Lithium’s (贛
鋒鋰業) acquisition of Argentina’s Lithea lithium salt lake assets with a transaction value of up to USD960 million,
post-investment financial integration services for Wingtech Technology’s (聞泰科技) acquisition of Netherlands-
based Nexperia (安世半導體), Geely’s (吉利) acquisition of Volvo (富豪) for USD1.8 billion and Bright Food’s (光
明) acquisition of Weetabix (維他麥)for £1.2 billion, and she has extensive practical experience in international
mergers and acquisitions as well as integration.

Ms. Zhu graduated from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics (上海財經大學) in 1999 with a Bachelor
degree of Economics (major in Investment Economics and Management) and holds various professional
qualifications including Certified Public Accountant, Certified Public Valuer and Certified Internal Auditor in the
PRC.

Ms. HAN Jixiu (“Ms. HAN”), aged 49, is the Chief Financial Officer of the Group. Ms. HAN has over 20 years of
working experience in global financial management, investment mergers and acquisitions and post-investment
management, and possesses profound international vision and cross-border practical capabilities in cross-
cultural management roles. During her 7-year tenure at the Mergers and Acquisitions Transaction Services
department of PricewaterhouseCoopers (普華永道), she participated in and led more than 100 cross-border
merger and acquisition transactions, and accumulated extensive experience in transaction structure design,
negotiation and implementation.

Ms. HAN obtained her Bachelor’s degree in Accounting from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics (上
海財經大學) in May 1998 and her Master’s degree of Business Administration from the University of Toronto,
Canada in December 2005. Ms. HAN holds the qualifications of Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants
(CICPA), Certified General Accountants of Canada (CGA) and American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
(AICPA).

Prior to joining Global New Material International, Ms. HAN has held various important positions including CFO of
the International Financial Center of Sanhua Intelligent Controls (三花智控), CFO of Argon Medical Devices (愛琅
醫療器械) USA, CFO and Global CEO of Syvania Lighting Group (喜萬年照明集團). She has successfully promoted
the implementation of a number of the Group’s strategic projects, including the integration of financial shared
service centers in the United States, Mexico and Europe, the preparation for Hong Kong listing and syndicated
unsecured financing, global tax planning, cross-border tax negotiations, corporate digital transformation, as
well as the relocation of the European headquarters and the restructuring of business models. In early 2019,
Ms. HAN was promoted to Global CEO of Syvania Lighting Group, during which she led negotiations with various
parties and successfully restructured the European operations, achieving a debt waiver of more than 90% for the
German factory, optimizing the layout of European factories, and significantly improving the cost structure and
profitability.




                                                                                            2025 Annual Report   93
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Dr. Carsten Plueg (“Dr. PLUEG”), aged 57, has been Global Head of Innovation and Application of Susonity
Commercial GmbH, when appointed as the co-CTO of the Group on 1 January 2026 and hold proxy power for
the German branches of the company group Susonity that were acquired by the company on 1 August 2025. Dr.
PLUEG has about 30 years of work experience in research and development functions in the chemical industries.
In September 1992, Dr. PLUEG obtained a diploma degree of chemistry followed by a PhD degree in Organic
Chemistry in June 1995 from University of Kiel, Germany.

Dr. PLUEG held various senior technology and R&D management positions at Merck Electronics KGaA, BU
Surface Solutions, Germany during the period from November 2014 to July 2025 and was Senior Manager
Electronic Materials at Samsung Cheil Industries, Germany during the period from January 2012 to October 2014.
Before that, Dr. PLUEG had various technology management positions global at Clariant from September 1998 to
December 2011. Dr. PLUEG conduced postdoctoral research at the University of Queensland, Brisbane, Australia
during October 1995 and September 1996 and June 1997 to July 1997.

Mr. Linné, Stephan (“Mr. LINNÉ”), aged 40, is the Head of Global Supply Chain of the Group. Before joining the
Group in August 2025, Mr. LINNÉ has 20 years’ working experience in Supply Chain Management with a focus on
establishing a wholistic Supply Chain as a competitive advantage in Healthcare, Life Science, Fine Chemicals and
Electronics industry. He started his career in 2005 as Supply Chain Manager at Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany
within the Liquid Crystals division until 2012. After a two-year assignment to the Life Science business of Merck
KGaA, he returned to the Liquid Crystal Division of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany as Head of Supply Chain Life
Cycle Management and Supply Chain Strategy. Starting in 2016 he worked as Head of Integrated Supply Chain
Management – Region DACH, at Merck Selbstmedikation GmbH and with that expanded his industry knowledge to
healthcare. In 2018, he joined the Surface Solutions division of Merck Electronics KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany as
Head of Global Supply Chain.

Mr. LINNÉ obtained a bachelor’s degree in business administration from the University of Applied Science
Darmstadt and an MBA degree from the University of Applied Science Darmstadt.




94     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
GLOBAL NEW MATERIAL INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Global New Material International Holdings Limited
(the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 111 to 203, which comprise the consolidated
statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in
equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including material accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated
cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
requirements of the Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are
further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section
of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                                             2025 Annual Report   95
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters. The key audit matters we identified are:

Key Audit Matter                                            How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Impairment assessment of trade and bills receivables        O u r p r o c e d u r e s i n r e l a t i o n t o m a n a g e m e n t’ s
                                                            impairment assessment of trade and bills receivables
Refer to note 27 to the consolidated financial
                                                            included:
statements.
                                                            •     Understanding and evaluating key internal
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had gross
                                                                  controls over the Group’s impairment assessment
trade and bills receivables of approximately
                                                                  of trade and bills receivables;
RMB1,083,290,000 and allowance for doubtful debts of
approximately RMB4,993,000.                                 •     Assessing the inherent risk of material
                                                                  misstatement by considering the degree of
In general, the credit terms granted by the Group
                                                                  estimation uncertainty and the level of other
to customers ranged between 30 days to 180 days.
                                                                  inherent risk factors including subjectivity;
Management performed periodic assessments of the
recoverability of trade receivables and the sufficiency     •     Evaluating the outcome of prior period
of allowance for doubtful debts based on information              assessment of impairment of trade receivables
including credit profile of different customers, ageing           and bills receivables to assess the effectiveness
of the trade debtors, historical settlement records,              of management’s estimation process;
subsequent settlement status, expected timing and
                                                            •     Assessing whether trade debtors had been
amount of realisation of outstanding balances, and
                                                                  appropriately grouped by management based on
on-going trading relationships with the relevant
                                                                  their shared credit risk characteristics;
customers. Management also considered forward-
looking information that may impact the customers’          •     Assessing the external valuer’s qualifications,
ability to repay the outstanding balances in order to             experience and expertise and considering their
estimate the expected credit losses for the impairment            objectivity;
assessment.
                                                            •     Testing the accuracy and completeness of the
The inherent risk in relation to the impairment                   data used by external valuer to develop the
assessment of trade and bills receivables is considered           historical loss rates and assessing the sufficiency,
significant because the impairment assessment                     reliability and relevance of that data;
of trade and bills receivables under the expected
credit losses model involved the use of significant
management judgements and estimates which were
subjective. Therefore, we identified the impairment
assessment of trade and bills receivables as a key
audit matter.




96     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                         INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Key Audit Matter   How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

                   O u r p r o c e d u r e s i n r e l a t i o n t o m a n a g e m e n t’ s
                   impairment assessment of trade and bills receivables
                   included (continued):

                   •     Testing, on a sample basis, the accuracy of the
                         ageing of trade and bills receivables to supporting
                         documents;

                   •     With the assistance of our engaged valuation
                         experts, testing the calculation of the historical
                         loss rate and evaluating the reasonableness of
                         the forward-looking adjustments made to reflect
                         current and forecast future economic conditions;
                         and

                   •     Testing the calculation of expected credit loss
                         provisions applying the provision rates to the
                         age categories of the trade and bills receivables
                         outstanding at the reporting date.




                                                              2025 Annual Report      97
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Key Audit Matter                                             How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Impairment assessment of goodwill                            O u r p r o c e d u r e s i n r e l a t i o n t o m a n a g e m e n t’ s
                                                             impairment assessment of goodwill included:
Refer to note 22 to the consolidated financial
statements.                                                  •     Understanding and evaluating the key controls
                                                                   over management’s impairment assessment
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had gross goodwill
                                                                   and assessing the inherent risk of material
of approximately RMB1,317,700,000 arising of
                                                                   misstatement by considering the degree of
acquisition of Korea business operation (“CQV Co., Ltd.”)
                                                                   estimation uncertainty and level of other inherent
and German business operation (“Susonity”) in 2023
                                                                   risk factors such as complexity, subjectivity,
and 2025, respectively. No impairment loss has been
                                                                   changes, susceptibility to management bias of
provided during the year.
                                                                   fraud;
Goodwill is tested for impairment annually, and
                                                             •     assessing management’s identification of the
whenever indications of impairment were identified.
                                                                   CGUs and, with the assistance of our engaged
Management assessed the recoverable amounts of the                 valuation specialists, the impairment assessment
separately identifiable cash-generating units (“CGUs”)             methodology adopted by management with
to which the goodwill and other relevant assets were               reference to the requirements of the prevailing
allocated, based on value in use calculated by using               accounting standards;
discounted cash flow forecasts. An independent
                                                             •     evaluating the competence, capabilities and
appraiser was engaged by management to prepare the
                                                                   objectivity of the independent appraiser engaged
valuation report in order for management to assess
                                                                   by management to assist management to
the impairment. The preparation of discounted cash
                                                                   determine the value in use of the CGUs;
flow forecasts involves the exercise of significant
management’s judgement, in particular the forecast
revenue growth rates, the forecast operating expenses
levels, the terminal growth rate and the discount rates
applied.




98      Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Key Audit Matter                                        How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Impairment assessment of goodwill (continued)           O u r p r o c e d u r e s i n r e l a t i o n t o m a n a g e m e n t’ s
                                                        impairment assessment of goodwill included
The inherent risk in relation to the impairment         (continued) :
assessment of goodwill is considered significant
                                                        •      obtaining the independent valuation report
because the impairment assessment and forecast
                                                               from the independent appraiser engaged by
future cash flows associated with the CGUs, involved
                                                               management and comparing key inputs in the
the use of significant management judgements and
                                                               calculations, which include forecast sales growth
estimates which were subjective. Therefore, we
                                                               rates, and operating expenses levels, with the
identified the impairment assessment of goodwill as a
                                                               financial budget approved by the directors of
key audit matter.
                                                               the Company, available relevant external data
                                                               and our own views based on our experience and
                                                               knowledge of the industry in which the CGUs
                                                               operate;

                                                        •      utilising our engaged valuation expert to assist us
                                                               in evaluating the assumptions and judgements
                                                               adopted in the discounted cash flow forecasts
                                                               relating to the terminal growth rate beyond the
                                                               forecast period and the discount rates applied
                                                               to derive the recoverable amount of the CGUs.
                                                               This evaluation included researching public
                                                               information and independently recalculating the
                                                               discount rates applied with reference to those
                                                               of other comparable companies in the same
                                                               industries; and

                                                        •      challenging the adequacy of disclosure in the
                                                               consolidated financial statements in respect of
                                                               impairment assessments of goodwill.




                                                                                                   2025 Annual Report      99
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Key Audit Matter                                            How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Purchase price allocation (“PPA”) for business              Our procedures in relation to acquisition of Susonity
combinations                                                included:

We identified the acquisition of Susonity during the        •     Obtaining an understanding of management’s
year ended 31 December 2025 as a key audit matter                assessment process of the purchase price
given the magnitude of the identified intangible assets          allocation (“PPA”) for the business combination;
and goodwill recognised arising from the business
                                                            •    Evaluating the competence, capabilities and
combination, and the significant judgments and
                                                                 objectivity of the independent valuation firm
estimates involved in the fair value assessment of
                                                                 engaged by management;
the identified intangible assets and the recognition of
goodwill arising from the business combination.             •    Checking the arithmetical accuracy of the
                                                                 calculations underlying the PPA with the
As disclosed in Note 43(a) to the consolidated financial
                                                                 assistance of our engaged valuation specialists;
statements, goodwill arising from this acquisition was
approximately RMB 1,235,170,000, which represented          •    Assessing the appropriateness of the valuation
the excess of the consideration paid over the Group’s            model and methodology adopted by management
share of the fair value of the identifiable net assets           and the reasonableness of the discount rates
of the acquired subsidiaries. Intangible assets at the           used by management with the assistance of our
acquisition date amounted to RMB659,669,000.                     valuation specialists;

The fair value assessment of intangible assets at the       •    Challenging the reasonableness of the
acquisition date was made with reference to a valuation          revenue growth rate and gross profit margin
performed by an independent valuation firm and was               adopted in the discounted cash flows for the
based on key assumptions and estimates adopted by                PPA, by comparing to historical results and
the management of the Group including discount rates,            management’s expectations for the future growth
revenue growth rate and forecast gross profit margin.            of the business acquired and other sources of
                                                                 external information; and

                                                            •    Assessing the reasonableness of the disclosures
                                                                 in relation to the business combination with
                                                                 reference to the requirements of the prevailing
                                                                 accounting standards.




100    Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



OTHER INFORMATION
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information
included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements
of the Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee assists the directors in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s
financial reporting process.




                                                                                            2025 Annual Report   101
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



AUDITOR ’ S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud
or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
      due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
      evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a
      material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
      collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
      the Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
      and related disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
      on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions
      that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that
      a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
      disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
      opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
      However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
      the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
      and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
      information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
      consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit
      work performed for the purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




102     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                                 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



We communicate with the Audit Committee, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Mr. Wong Tak Man, Stephen
(Practicing certificate number: P01727).




RSM Hong Kong
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong

27 March 2026




                                                                                               2025 Annual Report   103
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                            Note      2025         2024
                                                                    RMB’000      RMB’000

Revenue                                                      7      2,917,235    1,648,763
Cost of goods sold                                                 (1,758,881)    (764,105)
Sales related tax and auxiliary charges                               (18,211)     (10,999)
Gross profit                                                       1,140,143      873,659

Other income, other gains and losses                         8           342         2,437
Reversal of impairment losses on trade,
  bills and other receivables, net                                       356         6,607
Selling expenses                                                    (412,751)      (95,534)
Administrative and other operating expenses                         (595,206)     (262,441)
Profit from operations                                               132,884      524,728

Finance costs                                               10      (333,384)     (118,436)
(Loss)/profit before tax                                            (200,500)     406,292

Income tax expense                                          11      (105,858)      (86,020)
(Loss)/profit for the year                                  12      (306,358)     320,272

Attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                               (381,254)     242,176
Non-controlling interests                                             74,896       78,096
                                                                    (306,358)     320,272

(Loss)/earnings per share                                   16

– Basic (RMB)                                                           (0.31)        0.19

– Diluted (RMB)                                                         (0.31)        0.19




104    Global New Material International Holdings Limited
            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
                            OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000

(Loss)/profit for the year                                                        (306,358)            320,272
Other comprehensive income:
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Remeasurement gains/(losses) on defined benefit pension plan, net of tax            47,377                  (3,815)

Item that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                            (103,553)            (48,403)
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                (56,176)            (52,218)
Total comprehensive income for the year                                           (362,534)            268,054

Attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                             (432,545)            220,006
Non-controlling interests                                                           70,011              48,048
                                                                                  (362,534)            268,054




                                                                                       2025 Annual Report     105
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
At 31 December 2025




                                                                 Note       2025       2024
                                                                          RMB’000    RMB’000

ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                    17      4,044,521   1,447,877
Right-of-use assets                                              18        667,464     144,324
Intangible assets                                                19        661,655      15,003
Prepayments for construction in progress                         20        113,332     401,418
Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment   21             —       70,000
Goodwill                                                         22      1,317,700      94,160
Restricted deposits                                              23         33,847       2,050
Defined benefit assets, net                                      38          3,053         723
Deposits and other receivables                                   28         56,338       1,551
Escrow deposit                                                                  —      496,427
Long term time deposit                                           25         50,000      50,000
Deferred tax assets                                              36         18,606       8,367
Total non-current assets                                                 6,966,516   2,731,900
Current assets
Inventories                                                      26      2,322,651     310,264
Trade and bills receivables                                      27      1,078,297     512,473
Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                      28        496,932      57,420
Derivative component of convertible bonds                        37             —          733
Tax recoverable                                                              3,042         317
Restricted bank deposit                                          25        184,754      30,000
Bank and cash balances                                           25      3,748,921   3,411,401
Total current assets                                                     7,834,597   4,322,608
TOTAL ASSETS                                                            14,801,113   7,054,508




106    Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                             At 31 December 2025




                                                                       Note              2025             2024
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity attributable to owners of the Company
Share capital                                                           29           103,701             103,701
Reserves                                                                31         3,048,026           3,272,796
                                                                                   3,151,727           3,376,497
Non-controlling interests                                                          1,321,744             976,628
Total equity                                                                       4,473,471           4,353,125
LIABILITIES
Non-current liabilities
Bank loans and other borrowings                                         32         5,065,192           1,126,800
Convertible bond                                                        37                —              333,715
Loan from a related company                                             33            68,430                  —
Lease liabilities                                                       34           391,959               5,103
Other payables                                                          40            60,954               1,748
Deferred revenue                                                        35           107,494               7,487
Defined benefit liabilities, net                                        38           312,905                  —
Provisions                                                              41           106,071                  —
Deferred tax liabilities                                                36           123,956              11,431
Total non-current liabilities                                                      6,236,961           1,486,284
Current liabilities
Bank loans and other borrowings                                         32         2,423,972              602,212
Convertible bonds                                                       37           412,610              349,574
Derivative component of convertible bonds                               37            38,114               13,080
Lease liabilities                                                       34            50,272                3,842
Trade payables                                                          39           376,767               89,013
Accruals and other payables                                             40           627,908              127,885
Provisions                                                              41            98,828                   —
Contract liabilities                                                    42            14,696                   21
Deferred revenue                                                        35             1,021                8,770
Current tax liabilities                                                               46,493               20,702
Total current liabilities                                                          4,090,681           1,215,099
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES                                                      14,801,113           7,054,508

Approved by the Board of Directors on 27 March 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:


                        SU Ertian                                            ZHOU Fangchao
                        Director                                                Director


                                                                                          2025 Annual Report   107
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                        Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                           Foreign
                                                                                          currency        Statutory                               Non-
                                              Share       Share       Other      Merger translation        surplus     Retained             controlling          Total
                                             capital   premium      reserve     reserve    reserve         reserve     earnings       Total   interests         equity
                                            RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000   RMB’000         RMB’000

At 1 January 2024                            103,701    886,372   1,157,853      137,549          243       82,981      787,791    3,156,490      928,655    4,085,145

Profit for the year                               —          —           —            —            —             —      242,176      242,176       78,096      320,272
Other comprehensive income                        —          —           —            —       (20,550)           —       (1,619)     (22,169)     (30,049)     (52,218)

Total comprehensive income for the year           —          —           —            —       (20,550)           —      240,557      220,007       48,047      268,054

Transactions with owners in their
  capacity as owners:
Dividend paid to non-controlling
  interests of a subsidiary                       —          —           —            —            —             —           —            —           (74)         (74)

                                                  —          —           —            —            —             —           —            —           (74)         (74)

At 31 December 2024                          103,701    886,372   1,157,853      137,549      (20,307)      82,981    1,028,348    3,376,497      976,628    4,353,125

At 1 January 2025                           103,701    886,372    1,157,853     137,549       (20,307)      82,981    1,028,348    3,376,497     976,628     4,353,125

Loss for the year                                 —          —           —            —            —             —     (381,254)    (381,254)     74,896      (306,358)
Other comprehensive income                        —          —           —            —       (99,294)           —       48,003      (51,291)     (4,885)      (56,176)

Total comprehensive income for the year           —          —           —            —       (99,294)           —     (333,251)    (432,545)     70,011      (362,534)

Conversion of convertible bond
  of non-controlling interest                     —          —           —            —            —            —           —            —         8,405        8,405
Deem disposal of non-controlling interest         —          —           —            —            —            —      200,258      200,258      299,742      500,000
Purchase of non-controlling interest              —          —           —            —            —            —        7,517        7,517      (33,042)     (25,525)
Transfer of statutory reserve                     —          —           —            —            —        12,884     (12,884)          —            —            —

                                                  —          —           —            —            —        12,884     194,891      207,775      275,105      482,880

At 31 December 2025                         103,701    886,372    1,157,853     137,549      (119,601)      95,865     889,988     3,151,727    1,321,744    4,473,471




108          Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                        Note            2025                2024
                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
(Loss)/profit before tax                                                              (200,500)            406,292
Adjustments for:
  Finance costs                                                         10             333,384             118,436
  Interest income                                                        8             (16,011)            (17,161)
  Depreciation on:
     – property, plant and equipment                                    17             149,524                  76,783
     – right-of-use assets                                              18              32,933                   4,474
  Amortisation of:
     – intangible assets                                                19              47,595                   6,947
     – deferred revenue                                                                 (2,040)                 (3,297)
  Reversal of impairment losses on trade,
     bills and other receivables, net                                   12                 (356)                (6,607)
  Allowance for inventories                                             12               25,251                  2,968
  Property, plant and equipment written off                              8                   17                      3
  Gain on termination of a lease contract                                8                   —                     (14)
  Fair value loss/(gain) on derivative component of convertible bonds    8               27,390                 (3,643)
  Additional provisions                                                 12               10,049                     —
  Reversal of provisions                                                 8              (15,419)                    —

Operating profit before working capital changes                                        391,817             585,181
  Increase in inventories                                                             (127,035)            (87,081)
  Increase in trade and bills receivables                                             (389,246)           (147,244)
  Increase in deposits, prepayments and other receivables                             (263,154)            (29,584)
  Increase in defined benefit assets                                                    (3,608)               (568)
  Increase in trade payables                                                            81,345              56,351
  Increase in defined benefit liabilities                                                7,937                  —
  (Decrease)/increase in deferred revenue                                               (5,702)                  9,487
  Increase in accruals and other payables                                              357,609                  42,424
  Decrease in provision                                                                (35,655)                     —
  Increase/(decrease) in contract liabilities                                           13,684                    (145)

Cash generated from operations                                                          27,992             428,821
  Tax paid                                                                             (93,124)            (74,489)
  Interest expenses of lease liabilities                                               (11,910)               (323)
  Interest paid                                                                       (218,354)            (81,921)

Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities                                (295,396)            272,088




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report     109
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                  Note         2025          2024
                                                                             RMB’000       RMB’000

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Acquisition of:
  – property, plant and equipment                                           (1,425,921)    (441,817)
  – intangible assets                                                          (38,291)         (69)
  – leasehold land                                                                  —       (76,034)
  – subsidiaries                                                  43(a)     (3,716,158)          —
  Payments for:
     – prepayments for construction in progress                                    —       (401,418)
     – deposit for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                    —        (70,000)
     – escrow deposit                                                              —       (496,427)
  Receipt of government grants related to assets                              100,000            —
  Payments for right-of-use assets                                               (816)           —
  (Placement)/withdrawal of restricted deposits                              (154,754)          375
  Placement of time deposits                                                  (31,797)      (80,000)
  Interest received                                                            13,836        16,436
Net cash used in investing activities                                       (5,253,901)   (1,548,954)
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Net proceeds from bank loans and other borrowings raised                   8,226,943    1,699,063
  Repayment of bank loans and other borrowings                              (2,492,812)    (272,200)
  Principal elements of lease payments                                         (20,238)      (2,384)
  Repayment of the convertible bonds                                          (324,758)          —
  Loan from a related company                                                  100,000           —
  Repayment of loan from a related company                                     (31,570)          —
  Payment for the acquisition of non-controlling
    interests in a subsidiary                                     43b(i)      (25,525)            —
  Proceeds from:
    – deemed disposal of partial interest in a subsidiary         43b(ii)     500,000            —
    – issuance of convertible bonds, net                                           —         77,502
  Dividend paid to non-controlling interests of a subsidiary                       —            (74)
Net cash generated from financing activities                                5,932,040     1,501,907
NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                     382,743       225,041

EFFECT OF FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES                                       (45,223)      (17,116)

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT 1 JANUARY                                      3,411,401     3,203,476
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT 31 DECEMBER                                    3,748,921     3,411,401

ANALYSIS OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Bank and cash balances                                              25      3,748,921     3,411,401



110     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     Global New Material International Holdings Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands
     with limited liability. The address of its registered office is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, PO Box 2681,
     Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands. The address of its principal place of business is Pearlescent
     Industrial Park, No. 380, Feilu Road, Luzhai Town, Luzhai County, Liuzhou City, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous
     Region, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). The Company’s shares are listed on the Main Board of
     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

     The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out in
     note 24 to the consolidated financial statements.

2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION
     These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable IFRS
     Accounting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”). IFRS Accounting
     Standards comprise International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”); International Accounting
     Standards (“IAS”); and Interpretations. These consolidated financial statements also comply with the
     applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the
     “Listing Rules”) and with the disclosure requirements of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622).

     The IASB has issued certain new and revised IFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective or available
     for early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 3 provides information on any
     changes in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that
     they are relevant to the Group for the current and prior accounting periods reflected in these consolidated
     financial statements.

3.   ADOPTION OF NEW AND REVISED IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
     (a) Application of new and revised IFRS Accounting Standards
          The Group has adopted all of the new or amended IFRS Accounting Standards and Interpretations
          issued by the IASB that are mandatory for the current reporting period. There was no material impact
          to the consolidated financial statements as a result of the adoption of these standards.




                                                                                          2025 Annual Report   111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.    ADOPTION OF NEW AND REVISED IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (continued)
      (b) Revised IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective
           Up to the date of issue of these consolidated financial statements, the IASB has issued a number of
           new standards and amendments to standards and interpretation, which are not effective for the year
           ended 31 December 2025 and which have not been early adopted by the Group for the annual reporting
           period ended 31 December 2025. The Group’s assessment of the impact of these new or amended
           IFRS Accounting Standards and Interpretations, most relevant to the Group, are set out below:

                                                                                                       Effective for
                                                                                                        accounting
                                                                                                            periods
                                                                                                          beginning
                                                                                                         on or after

           Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 - Classification and Measurement of
             Financial Instruments                                                                  1 January 2026
           Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards - Volume 11                             1 January 2026
           Amendment to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 - Contracts Referencing
             Nature-dependent Electricity                                                           1 January 2026
           Amendment to IAS 21 - Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency           1 January 2027
           IFRS 18 - Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements                            1 January 2027
           Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 - Sale or Contribution of Assets                      To be determined
             between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture                                     by the IASB

           The directors of the Company are in the process of making an assessment of what the impacts of
           these new standards, amendments to standards and interpretation are expected to be in the period
           of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant
           impact on the consolidated financial statements except for the following.




112     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.   ADOPTION OF NEW AND REVISED IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (continued)
     (b) Revised IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective (continued)
          IFRS 18 “Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements”
          IFRS 18 will replace IAS 1 “Presentation of financial statements”, introducing new requirements that
          will help to achieve comparability of the financial performance of similar entities and provide more
          relevant information and transparency to users. Even though IFRS 18 will not impact the recognition or
          measurement of items in the consolidated financial statements, IFRS 18 introduces significant changes
          to the presentation of financial statements, with a focus on information about financial performance
          present in the statement of profit or loss, which will affect how the Group present and disclose
          financial performance in the financial statements. The key changes introduced in IFRS 18 relate to
          (i) the structure of the statement of profit or loss, (ii) required disclosures for management-defined
          performance measures (which are referred to alternative or non-GAAP performance measures), and
          (iii) enhanced requirements for aggregation and disaggregation of information.

          The directors of the Company are currently assessing the impact of applying IFRS 18 on the
          presentation and the disclosures of the consolidated financial statements.

4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     These consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, unless
     mentioned otherwise in the accounting policies below (e.g. certain financial instruments that are measured
     at fair value).

     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires the use of
     certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process
     of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity,
     or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are
     disclosed in note 5.

     The material accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are
     set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise
     stated.

     (a) Consolidation
          The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its
          subsidiaries made up to 31 December. Subsidiaries are entities over which the Group has control. The
          Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement
          with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. The Group
          has power over an entity when the Group has existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the
          relevant activities, i.e. activities that significantly affect the entity’s returns.

          When assessing control, the Group considers its potential voting rights as well as potential voting
          rights held by other parties. A potential voting right is considered only if the holder has the practical
          ability to exercise that right.



                                                                                             2025 Annual Report   113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      (a) Consolidation (continued)
           Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are de-
           consolidated from the date the control ceases.

           The gain or loss on the disposal of a subsidiary that results in a loss of control represents the
           difference between (i) the fair value of the consideration of the sale plus the fair value of any
           investment retained in that subsidiary and (ii) the Company’s share of the net assets of that subsidiary
           plus any remaining goodwill and any accumulated foreign currency translation reserve relating to that
           subsidiary.

           Intragroup transactions, balances and unrealised profits are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also
           eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred.
           Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with
           the policies adopted by the Group.

           Non-controlling interests represent the equity in subsidiaries not attributable, directly or indirectly,
           to the Company. Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial
           position and consolidated statement of changes in equity within equity. Non-controlling interests are
           presented in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated statement of profit or loss
           and other comprehensive income as an allocation of profit or loss and total comprehensive income for
           the year between the non-controlling shareholders and owners of the Company.

           Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
           Company and to the non-controlling shareholders even if this results in the non-controlling interests
           having a deficit balance.

           Changes in the Company’s ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are
           accounted for as equity transactions (i.e. transactions with owners in their capacity as owners). The
           carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes
           in their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount by which the non-
           controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised
           directly in equity and attributed to the owners of the Company.

      (b) Separate financial statements
           In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
           impairment loss. Cost includes direct attributable cost of investment. The results of subsidiaries are
           accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received or receivable.




114     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     (b) Separate financial statements (continued)
           Impairment testing of the investment in a subsidiary is required upon receiving a dividend from this
           investment if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
           dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements
           exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets
           including goodwill.

     (c)   Business combination and goodwill
           The acquisition method is used to account for the acquisition of a subsidiary in a business combination.
           The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at the acquisition-date fair value
           of the assets given, equity instruments issued, liabilities incurred and any contingent consideration.
           Acquisition-related costs are recognised as expenses in the periods in which the costs are incurred
           and the services are received. Identifiable assets and liabilities of the subsidiary in the acquisition are,
           with limited exceptions, measured at their acquisition-date fair values.

           The excess of the sum of the consideration transferred over the Group’s share of the net fair value of
           the subsidiary’s identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Any excess of the Group’s
           share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the sum of the consideration
           transferred is recognised in consolidated profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase which is
           attributed to the Group.

           The non-controlling interests in the subsidiary are initially measured at the non-controlling
           shareholders’ proportionate share of the net fair value of the subsidiary’s identifiable assets and
           liabilities at the acquisition date.

           After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses. For the
           purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to each of
           the cash-generating units (“CGUs”) or groups of CGUs that is expected to benefit from the synergies
           of the combination. Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is allocated represents the
           lowest level within the Group at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes.
           Goodwill impairment reviews are undertaken annually, or more frequently if events or changes in
           circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of the CGUs containing the goodwill
           is compared to its recoverable amount, which is the higher of value in use and the fair value less
           costs of disposal. Any impairment is recognised immediately as an expense and is not subsequently
           reversed.




                                                                                               2025 Annual Report   115
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      (d) Foreign currency translation
           (i)     Functional and presentation currency
                   Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
                   the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
                   currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is
                   the Company’s functional and presentation currency.

           (ii)    Transactions and balances in each entity’s financial statements
                   Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency on initial
                   recognition using the exchange rates prevailing on the transaction dates. Monetary assets and
                   liabilities in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rates at the end of each reporting
                   period. Gains and losses resulting from this translation policy are recognised in profit or loss.

                   Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign
                   currency are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. The
                   transaction date is the date on which the company initially recognises such non-monetary assets
                   or liabilities. Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in foreign currencies are
                   translated using the exchange rates at the dates when the fair values are determined.

                   When a gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in other comprehensive income, any
                   exchange component of that gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income. When a
                   gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of
                   that gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

           (iii)   Translation on consolidation
                   The results and financial position of all foreign operations (none of which has the currency
                   of hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the Company’s
                   presentation currency are translated into the Company’s presentation currency as follows:

                   –      Assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the
                          closing rate at the date of that statement of financial position;

                   –      Income and expenses are translated at average exchange rates for the period (unless this
                          average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing
                          on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the exchange
                          rates on the transaction dates); and

                   –      All resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and
                          accumulated in the foreign currency translation reserve.




116     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     (d) Foreign currency translation (continued)
         (iii)   Translation on consolidation (continued)
                 On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of monetary items that form
                 part of the net investment in foreign entities are recognised in other comprehensive income and
                 accumulated in the foreign currency translation reserve. When a foreign operation is sold, such
                 exchange differences are reclassified to consolidated profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on
                 disposal.

                 Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as
                 assets and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.

     (e) Property, plant and equipment
         Property, plant and equipment are held for use in the production or supply of goods or services, or for
         administrative purposes (other than properties under construction as described below). Property, plant
         and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost, less subsequent
         accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.

         Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
         appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow
         to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are
         recognised in profit or loss during the period in which they are incurred.

         With the exception of freehold land which is not depreciated, depreciation of property, plant and
         equipment is calculated at rates sufficient to write off their cost less their residual values over the
         estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. The useful lives are as follows:

         Buildings                                          10 - 40 years
         Plant and machinery                                6 - 15 years
         Motor vehicles                                     5 years
         Office equipment                                   3 - 10 years
         Leasehold improvements                             3 years

         The residual values, useful lives and depreciation method are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate,
         at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a
         prospective basis.

         Construction in progress represents buildings under construction and plant and equipment pending
         installation, and is stated at cost less impairment losses. Cost comprises direct costs of construction
         capitalised during the periods of construction. Capitalisation of these costs ceases and the construction
         in progress is transferred to the appropriate class of property, plant and equipment when substantially
         all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. Depreciation
         begins when the relevant assets are available for use.




                                                                                             2025 Annual Report   117
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      (e) Property, plant and equipment (continued)
               The gain or loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment is the difference between the net sales
               proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset, and is recognised in profit or loss.

      (f)      Leases
               At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract
               is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a
               period of time in exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the
               right to direct the use of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits
               from that use.

               (i)     The Group as a lessee
                       Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-lease component(s), the Group has
                       elected not to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and any
                       associated non-lease components as a single lease component for all leases.

                       At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability,
                       except for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value
                       assets. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the Group decides
                       whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. The lease payments associated with
                       those leases which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a systematic basis over
                       the lease term.

                       Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the
                       lease payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the
                       lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate.
                       Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in
                       the measurement of the lease liability. After initial recognition, the lease liability is measured at
                       amortised cost and interest expense is calculated using the effective interest method.

                       Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the
                       measurement of the lease liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the accounting
                       period in which they are incurred.




118         Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     (f)   Leases (continued)
           (i)   The Group as a lessee (continued)
                 To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

                 •    where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a
                      starting point, adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing
                      was received,

                 •    uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for
                      leases held by the group entities, which do not have recent third-party financing, and

                 •    makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.

                 If a readily observable amortising loan rate is available to the individual lessee (through recent
                 financing or market data) which has a similar payment profile to the lease, then the group entities
                 use that rate as a starting point to determine the incremental borrowing rate.

                 The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which
                 comprises the initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before the
                 commencement date, and any initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the right-
                 of-use assets also includes an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or
                 to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, discounted to their present value,
                 less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less
                 accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.

                 Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the
                 underlying leased assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date
                 to the end of the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line
                 basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

                 Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
                 Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and
                 included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

                 The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a
                 change in an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to
                 be payable under a residual value guarantee, or there is a change arising from the reassessment
                 of whether the Group will be reasonably certain to exercise a purchase, extension or termination
                 option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made
                 to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying
                 amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.




                                                                                               2025 Annual Report   119
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      (f)      Leases (continued)
               (i)     The Group as a lessee (continued)
                       The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease or
                       the consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract (“lease
                       modification”) that is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability is
                       remeasured based on the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate
                       at the effective date of the modification.

               (ii)    Sale and leaseback transactions
                       The Group applies the requirements of IFRS 15 to assess whether sale and leaseback transaction
                       constitutes a sale by the Group.

                       For a transfer that does not satisfy the requirements as a sale, the Group as a seller-lessee
                       continues to recognise the assets and accounts for the transfer proceeds as other borrowings
                       within the scope of IFRS 9.

      (g) Intangible assets
               (i)     Internally-generated intangible assets - research and development cost
                       Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is
                       incurred. Development costs that are attributable to the design and testing of identifiable and
                       unique products and techniques controlled by the Group are recognised only if all of the following
                       conditions are met:

                       –      The technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use
                              or sale;

                       –      Management intends to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

                       –      There is ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

                       –      It can be demonstrated how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic
                              benefits;

                       –      Adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use
                              or sell the intangible asset are available;

                       –      The expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development can be reliably
                              measured.

                       Internally generated intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation
                       and impairment losses. Where no internally generated intangible asset can be recognised,
                       development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.




120         Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     (g) Intangible assets (continued)
           (ii)   Intangible assets acquired separately - trademark, customer relationships, industrial property
                  rights, software and development costs
                  Trademarks, customer relationships, industrial property rights, software and development
                  costs acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and initially
                  recognised at fair value at the acquisition date (which is recognised as their cost). Subsequent
                  to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful lives
                  are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses.
                  Amortisation is calculated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives as follows:

                  Trademark                                    10 years
                  Customer relationships                       15 years
                  Software                                     1 - 7 years
                  Industrial property rights                   5 - 10 years
                  Technical know how                           15 years
                  Development costs                            5 years
                  Patent                                       Over the remaining useful period

     (h) Inventories
           Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the
           weighted average basis. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials,
           direct labour and an appropriate proportion of all production overhead expenditure, and where
           appropriate, subcontracting charges. The costs of purchased inventory are determined after deducting
           rebates and discounts. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of
           business, less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

     (i)   Contract assets and contract liabilities
           Contract assets are recognised when the Group recognises revenue before being unconditionally
           entitled to consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract. Contract assets are
           assessed for expected credit losses (“ECL”) in accordance with the policy set out in note 4(y) and are
           reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration has become unconditional.

           A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises
           the related revenue. A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has an unconditional
           right to receive consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue. In such cases, a
           corresponding receivable would also be recognised.

           For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is
           presented. For multiple contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are
           not presented on a net basis.




                                                                                                2025 Annual Report   121
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      (i)      Contract assets and contract liabilities (continued)
               When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest
               accrued under the effective interest method.

      (j)      Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments
               Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
               position when the Group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

               Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that
               are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other
               than financial assets and financial liabilities at financial asset at fair value through profit or loss
               (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as
               appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial
               assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

               The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
               asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of
               ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the
               risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises
               its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group
               retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group
               continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the
               proceeds received.

               The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
               discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
               liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable, including any non-cash assets
               transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss.

               Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the statement of financial
               position when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is
               an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The
               legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the
               normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the company or the
               counterparty.




122         Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     (k) Financial assets
           All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade
           date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require
           delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.
           All recognised financial assets are measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost or
           fair value, depending on the classification of the financial assets.

           Debt investments
           Debt investments held by the Group are classified into one of the following measurement categories:

           –    amortised cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows which
                represent solely payments of principal and interest. Interest income from investment is
                calculated using the effective interest method.

           –    FVTPL if the investment does not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or
                fair value through other comprehensive income (recycling). Changes in the fair value of the
                investment (including interest) are recognised in profit or loss.

     (l)   Trade and other receivables
           A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right
           to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that
           consideration is due. If revenue has been recognised before the Group has an unconditional right to
           receive consideration, the amount is presented as a contract asset.

           Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless
           they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group
           holds the trade receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore
           measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method less allowance for
           credit losses.

     (m) Cash and cash equivalents
           Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
           financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
           amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within
           three months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECL.




                                                                                             2025 Annual Report   123
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      (n) Financial liabilities and equity instruments
           Financial liabilities and equity instruments are classified according to the substance of the contractual
           arrangements entered into and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument under
           IFRS Accounting Standards. An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in
           the assets of the Group after deducting all of its liabilities. The accounting policies adopted for specific
           financial liabilities and equity instruments are set out below.

      (o) Borrowings
           Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred, and subsequently
           measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Any difference between the proceeds
           (net of transaction costs) and the redemption amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of
           the borrowings using the effective interest method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities
           are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the
           facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent
           there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is
           capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which
           it relates.

           Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless, at the end of the reporting period, the Group has
           a right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

           Covenants that the Group is required to comply with, on or before the end of the reporting period, are
           considered in classifying loan arrangements with covenants as current or non-current. Covenants that
           the Group is required to comply with after the reporting period do not affect the classification at the
           reporting date.

      (p) Convertible bonds
           Convertible bonds which entitle the holder to convert the bonds into equity instruments, other than
           into a fixed number of equity instruments at a fixed conversion price, are regarded as combined
           instruments consisting of a liability and a derivative component. At the date of issue, the fair value
           of the derivative component is determined using an option pricing model; this amount is carried as
           a derivative liability that is subsequently measured at FVTPL until extinguished on conversion or
           redemption. The remainder of the proceeds is allocated to the liability component and is carried as
           a liability at amortised cost using the effective interest method until extinguished on conversion or
           redemption. The liability component is classified as a current liability when the conversion option,
           which is classified as a liability derivated, can be exercised at the option of the holder at any time or
           within 12 months from the end of the reporting date.

           Transaction costs are apportioned between the liability and derivative components of the convertible
           bonds based on the allocation of proceeds to the liability and derivative components on initial
           recognition. The portion related to the derivative component is expensed immediately.




124     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     (p) Convertible bonds (continued)
           If the notes are converted, the shares issued are measured at fair value and any difference between
           the fair value of shares issued and the carrying amounts of the derivatives and liability components
           are recognised in profit or loss. If the notes are redeemed, any difference between the amount paid
           and the carrying amounts of both components is recognised in profit or loss.

     (q) Trade and other payables
           Trade and other payables are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured
           at amortised cost using the effective interest method unless the effect of discounting would be
           immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost.

     (r)   Equity instruments
           An equity instrument is any contract that evidence a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
           deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recorded at the proceeds
           received, net of direct issue costs.

     (s)   Revenue and other income
           Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer, at the
           amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those
           amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes
           and is after deduction of any trade discounts.

           Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when control of the goods has transferred, being
           when the goods have been shipped to the customer’s specific location (delivery). Following delivery,
           the customer has full discretion over the manner of distribution and price to sell the goods, has
           the primary responsibility when on selling the goods and bears the risks of obsolescence and loss
           in relation to the goods. A receivable is recognised by the Group when the goods are delivered
           to the customer as this represents the point in time at which the right to consideration becomes
           unconditional, as only the passage of time is required before payment is due.

           Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method. For financial assets
           measured at amortised cost that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is applied to the
           gross carrying amount of the asset. For credit impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate is
           applied to the amortised cost (i.e. gross carrying amount net of loss allowance) of the asset.




                                                                                            2025 Annual Report   125
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      (t)      Employee benefits
               (i)     Employee leave entitlements
                       Employee entitlements to annual leave and long service leave are recognised when they accrue
                       to employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave and long service
                       leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period.

                       Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of
                       leave.

               The Group operates various post-employment schemes, including both defined benefit and defined
               contribution pension plans.

               (ii)    Pension obligations
                       The Group contributes to defined contribution retirement schemes which are available to all
                       employees in Hong Kong and PRC. Contributions to the schemes by the Group and employees
                       are calculated as a percentage of employees’ basic salaries. The retirement benefit scheme cost
                       charged to profit or loss represents contributions payable by the Group to the funds.

                       For the defined benefit retirement plans, the liability (asset) recognised in the consolidated
                       statement of financial position is the present value of the defined benefit obligation less the fair
                       value of plan assets. When there is a surplus in a defined benefit plan, the net defined benefit
                       asset is measured at the lower of the surplus in the defined benefit plan and the asset ceiling. The
                       defined benefit obligation is calculated annually by independent actuaries using the projected unit
                       credit method. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting
                       the estimated future cash outflows using interest rates of high-quality corporate bonds that are
                       denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be paid, and that have terms to maturity
                       approximating the terms of the related pension obligation. If there is no deep market in such
                       bonds, the market rates on government bonds denominated in that currency are used.

                       Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability (asset) - which include actuarial gains and
                       losses, the return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net interest on the net defined
                       benefit liability (asset)), and any change in the effect of the asset ceiling (excluding amounts
                       included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability (asset)) - are recognised in other
                       comprehensive income in the period in which they arise and will not be reclassified to profit or
                       loss.




126         Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     (t)   Employee benefits (continued)
           (ii)   Pension obligations (continued)
                  Past service cost is recognised in profit or loss in the period of a plan amendment or curtailment
                  and a gain or loss on settlement is recognised when settlement occurs. When determining past
                  service cost, or a gain or loss on settlement, an entity shall remeasure the net defined benefit
                  liability or asset using the current fair value of plan assets and current actuarial assumptions,
                  reflecting the benefits offered under the plan and the plan assets before and after the plan
                  amendment, curtailment or settlement, without considering the effect of asset ceiling (i.e.
                  the present value of any economic benefits available in the form of refunds from the plan or
                  reductions in future contributions to the plan).

                  Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate at the beginning of the period to the
                  net defined benefit liability or asset. However, if the Group remeasures the net defined benefit
                  liability or asset before plan amendment, curtailment or settlement, the Group determines net
                  interest for the remainder of the annual reporting period after the plan amendment, curtailment
                  or settlement using the benefits offered under the plan and the plan assets after the plan
                  amendment, curtailment or settlement and the discount rate used to remeasure such net defined
                  benefit liability or asset, taking into account any changes in the net defined benefit liability or
                  asset during the period resulting from contributions or benefit payments.

                  Defined benefit costs are categorised as follows:

                  •    Service cost (including current service cost, past service cost, as well as gains and losses
                       on curtailments and settlements);

                  •    Net interest expense or income; and

                  •    Remeasurement.

                  The retirement benefit obligation recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
                  represents the actual deficit or surplus in the Group’s defined benefit plans. Any surplus resulting
                  from this calculation is limited to the present value of any economic benefits available in the form
                  of refunds from the plans or reduction in future contributions to the plan.

                  Discretionary contributions made by employees or third parties reduce service cost upon
                  payment of these contributions to the plan.




                                                                                               2025 Annual Report   127
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      (t)      Employee benefits (continued)
               (iii)   Termination benefits
                       Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of the dates when the Group can no longer
                       withdraw the offer of those benefits, and when the Group recognises restructuring costs and
                       involves the payment of termination benefits.

      (u) Borrowing costs
               Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
               assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their
               intended use or sale, are capitalised as part of the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets
               are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. Investment income earned on the temporary
               investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the
               borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

               To the extent that funds are borrowed generally and used for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying
               asset, the amount of borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation is determined by applying a
               capitalisation rate to the expenditures on that asset. The capitalisation rate is the weighted average of
               the borrowing costs applicable to the borrowings of the Group that are outstanding during the period,
               other than borrowings made specifically for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asses. Any specific
               borrowing that remain outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use or sale is
               included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of capitalisation rate on general borrowings.

               All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

      (v)      Government grants
               A government grant is recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with
               the conditions attaching to it and that the grant will be received.

               Government grants relating to income are deferred and recognised in profit or loss over the period to
               match them with the costs they are intended to compensate.

               Government grants that become receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred
               or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are
               recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.

               Government grants relating to the purchase of assets are recorded as deferred income and recognised
               in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the useful lives of the related assets.




128         Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     (w) Taxation
         Income tax represents the sum of the current tax and deferred tax.

         The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit
         recognised in profit or loss because of items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible
         in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is
         calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting
         period.

         Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
         liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the
         computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary
         differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to
         the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary
         differences can be utilised. Such assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference
         arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of other
         assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit
         and at the time of transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

         Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in
         subsidiaries except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it
         is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

         The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
         reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to
         allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

         Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is
         settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by
         the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except when it relates to
         items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the deferred tax is
         also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.




                                                                                            2025 Annual Report   129
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      (w) Taxation (continued)
            The measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities reflects the tax consequences that would follow
            from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the
            carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

            For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises
            the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax
            deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

            For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the
            Group applies IAS 12 requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. The Group
            recognises a deferred tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable
            profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilised and a
            deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
            tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same
            taxation authority and the Group intends either to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net
            basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

            Certain companies within the Group may be entitled to claim special tax deductions in relation to
            qualifying expenditure (e.g. the Research and Development Tax Incentive regime in PRC). The Group
            accounts for such allowances as tax credits, which means that the allowance reduces income tax
            payable and current tax expense.

      (x)   Impairment of non-financial assets
            Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life or that are not yet available for use
            are reviewed for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the
            carrying amount may not be recoverable.

            The carrying amounts of other non-financial assets are reviewed at each reporting date for indications
            of impairment and where an asset is impaired, it is written down as an expense through the
            consolidated statement of profit or loss to its estimated recoverable amount. The recoverable amount
            is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely
            independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. If this is the case, recoverable amount is
            determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. Recoverable amount is the higher
            of value in use and the fair value less costs of disposal of the individual asset or the cash-generating
            unit.




130     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     (x)   Impairment of non-financial assets (continued)
           Value in use is the present value of the estimated future cash flows of the asset/cash-generating unit.
           Present values are computed using pre-tax discount rates that reflect the time value of money and the
           risks specific to the asset/cash-generating unit whose impairment is being measured.

           Impairment losses for cash-generating units are allocated first against the goodwill of the unit and
           then pro rata amongst the other assets of the cash-generating unit. Non-financial assets other than
           goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the management at the end
           of each reporting period.

     (y)   Impairment of financial assets
           The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECL on trade and other receivables, restricted deposits and
           bank and cash balances. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in
           credit risk since initial recognition of the respective financial instrument.

           The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables. The ECL on these financial assets are
           estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted
           for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both
           the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date, including time value of
           money where appropriate.

           For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises lifetime ECL when there has been a
           significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. However, if the credit risk on the financial
           instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss
           allowance for that financial instrument at an amount equal to 12-month ECL.

           Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected
           life of a financial instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is
           expected to result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months
           after the reporting date.

           Significant increase in credit risk
           In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since
           initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument
           at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument at the date of
           initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative
           information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking
           information that is available without undue cost or effort. Forward-looking information considered
           includes the future prospects of the industries in which the Group’s debtors operate, obtained from
           economic expert reports, financial analysts, governmental bodies, relevant think-tanks and other
           similar organisations, as well as consideration of various external sources of actual and forecast
           economic information that relate to the Group’s core operations.



                                                                                              2025 Annual Report   131
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      (y)   Impairment of financial assets (continued)
            Significant increase in credit risk (continued)
            In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
            increased significantly since initial recognition:

            –       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available)
                    or internal credit rating;

            –       significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk for a particular financial
                    instrument;

            –       existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                    expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

            –       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

            –       significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same debtor;

            –       an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                    environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                    debt obligations.

            Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk on a
            financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are
            more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that
            demonstrates otherwise.

            Despite the foregoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has not
            increased significantly since initial recognition if the financial instrument is determined to have low
            credit risk at the reporting date. A financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk if:

            (i)     the financial instrument has a low risk of default,

            (ii)    the debtor has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term,
                    and

            (iii)   adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not
                    necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations.

            The Group considers a financial asset to have low credit risk when the asset has external credit rating
            of “investment grade” in accordance with the globally understood definition or if an external rating is
            not available, the asset has an internal rating of “performing”. Performing means that the counterparty
            has a strong financial position and there is no past due amounts.




132     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     (y)   Impairment of financial assets (continued)
           Significant increase in credit risk (continued)
           The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been
           a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are
           capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

           Definition of default
           The Group considers the following as constituting an event of default for internal credit risk
           management purposes as historical experience indicates that receivables that meet either of the
           following criteria are generally not recoverable.

           •    when there is a breach of financial covenants by the counterparty; or

           •    information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor
                is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any
                collaterals held by the Group).

           Irrespective of the above analysis, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial
           asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to
           demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

           Credit-impaired financial assets
           A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
           estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is
           credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

           •    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the counterparty;

           •    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

           •    the lender(s) of the counterparty, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the
                counterparty’s financial difficulty, having granted to the counterparty a concession(s) that the
                lender(s) would not otherwise consider;

           •    it is becoming probable that the counterparty will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                reorganisation; or

           •    the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.




                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report   133
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
      (y)   Impairment of financial assets (continued)
            Write-off policy
            The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the debtor is in
            severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, including when the debtor
            has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade
            receivables, when the amounts are over two years past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets
            written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking
            into account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss.

            Measurement and recognition of ECL
            The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude
            of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of
            default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information as
            described above. As for the exposure at default, for financial assets, this is represented by the assets’
            gross carrying amount at the reporting date.

            For financial assets, the ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that
            are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to
            receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate.

            If the Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to lifetime
            ECL in the previous reporting period, but determines at the current reporting date that the conditions
            for lifetime ECL are no longer met, the Group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to
            12-month ECL at the current reporting date, except for assets for which simplified approach was used.

            The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments with a
            corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.




134     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     (z)   Provisions and contingent liabilities
           Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a present
           legal or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of
           economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where
           the time value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditures
           expected to settle the obligation. The discount rate used to determine the present value is a pre-tax
           rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
           liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as interest expense.

           Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot
           be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of
           outflow is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or
           non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the
           probability of outflow is remote.

     (aa) Events after the reporting period
           Events after the reporting period that provide additional information about the Group’s position at
           the end of the reporting period are adjusting events and are reflected in the consolidated financial
           statements. Events after the reporting period that are not adjusting events are disclosed in the notes
           to the consolidated financial statements when material.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   135
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




5.    CRITICAL JUDGEMENTS AND KEY ESTIMATES
      In applying the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 4, the directors are required to
      make judgements (other than those involving estimations) that have a significant impact on the amounts
      recognised and to make estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
      that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on
      historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from
      these estimates.

      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
      estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that
      period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future
      periods.

      Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
      In the process of applying the accounting policies, the directors have made the following judgements that
      have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements (apart
      from those involving estimations, which are dealt with below).

      (a)      Consolidation of entity with less than 50% equity interest holding
               鹿寨七色珠光雲母材料有限公司(“Chesir Luzhai”) is a subsidiary of the Group although the Group has
               only 47.48% ownership interest and voting rights in Cheir Luzhai. During the year ended 31 December
               2025, the Group effectively disposed 4.74% equity interest in Chesir Luzhai (note 43 (b) (ii)) diluting its
               equity interest from 52.22% to 47.48%.

               The directors of the Company have reassessed whether the Group has control over Chesir Luzhai. The
               Group continues to have control over the board composition and management of Chesir Luzhai. The
               directors of the Group concluded that the Group is able to direct the relevant activities of Cheir Luzhai
               and therefore the Group has control over Chesir Luzhai. Chesir Luzhai remains a non-wholly owned
               subsidiary of the Company.

      (b)      Significant increase in credit risk
               As explained in note 4, ECL are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for stage 1 assets,
               or lifetime ECL for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk has
               increased significantly since initial recognition. IFRS 9 does not define what constitutes a significant
               increase in credit risk. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly increased the
               Group takes into account qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward-looking
               information.




136         Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025




5.   CRITICAL JUDGEMENTS AND KEY ESTIMATES (continued)
     Key sources of estimation uncertainty
     The key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of
     the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
     assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are discussed below.

     (a)   Deferred tax asset
           As at 31 December 2025, no deferred tax asset has been recognised on the tax losses of approximately
           RMB13,174,000 (2024: RMB6,860,000) for certain subsidiaries due to the unpredictability of future
           profit streams. The realisability of the deferred tax asset mainly depends on whether sufficient
           future profits or taxable temporary differences will be available in the future, which is a key source
           of estimation uncertainty. In cases where the actual future taxable profits generated are less or more
           than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which result in revision of future taxable profits
           estimation, a material reversal or further recognition of deferred tax assets may arise, which would be
           recognised in profit or loss for the period in which such a reversal or further recognition takes place.

     (b)   Capitalisation of borrowing costs
           It is the Group’s policy to capitalise borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction
           or production of qualifying assets. Capitalisation of the borrowing costs relating to the construction of
           the Group’s factories in PRC since the start of construction.

     (c)   Impairment of goodwill
           Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the
           cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated, which is the higher of the value in use or
           fair value less costs of disposal. The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future
           cash flows expected to arise from the cash-generating unit and a suitable discount rate in order to
           calculate the present value. Where the actual future cash flows are less than the expected, or change
           in facts and circumstances which results in downward revision of future cash flows or upward revision
           of discount rate, a material impairment loss or further impairment loss may arise.

           The carrying amount of goodwill at the end of the reporting period was approximately
           RMB1,317,700,000 (2024: RMB94,160,000) and no impairment loss was recognised during the year.




                                                                                                2025 Annual Report   137
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




5.    CRITICAL JUDGEMENTS AND KEY ESTIMATES (continued)
      Key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)
      (d)      Impairment of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets
               Property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets are stated at costs less accumulated
               depreciation and impairment, if any. In determining whether an asset is impaired, the Group has to
               exercise judgement and make estimation, particularly in assessing: (1) whether an event has occurred
               or any indicators that may affect the asset value; (2) whether the carrying value of an asset can be
               supported by the recoverable amount, in the case of value in use, the net present value of future cash
               flows which are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset; and (3) the appropriate key
               assumptions to be applied in estimating the recoverable amounts including cash flow projections
               and an appropriate discount rate. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of
               an individual asset (including right-of-use assets), the Group estimates the recoverable amount of
               the cash-generating unit to which the assets belongs. Changing the assumptions and estimates,
               including the discount rates or the growth rate in the cash flow projections, could materially affect the
               recoverable amounts.

               The carrying amount of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets as at 31 December
               2025 were approximately RMB4,044,521,000 (2024: RMB1,447,877,000) and RMB667,464,000 (2024:
               RMB144,324,000) respectively.

      (e)      Impairment of trade and bills receivables
               The Group uses practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade and bills receivables using a provision
               matrix. The provision rates are based on ageing of debtors as groupings of various debtors taking into
               consideration the Group’s historical default rates and forward-looking information that is reasonable
               and supportable available without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical
               observed default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered.

               As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of trade and bills receivables was approximately
               RMB1,078,297,000 (net of allowance for doubtful debts of RMB4,993,000) (2024: RMB512,473,000 (net
               of allowance for doubtful debts of RMB4,582,000)).




138         Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




5.   CRITICAL JUDGEMENTS AND KEY ESTIMATES (continued)
     Key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)
     (f)   Allowance for slow-moving inventories and net realisable value of inventories
           Allowance for slow-moving inventories is made based on the ageing and estimated net realisable value
           of inventories. The assessment of the allowance amount involves judgement and estimates. Where
           the actual outcome in future is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact the
           carrying value of inventories and allowance charge/write-back in the period in which such estimate
           has been changed. As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of inventories was approximately
           RMB2,322,651,000 (2024: RMB310,264,000) and the allowance for slow-moving inventories of
           approximately RMB432,617,000 was made (2024: RMB2,968,000).

           Net realisable value of inventories is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business,
           less estimated costs of completion and selling expense. These estimates are based on current market
           conditions and the historical experience of manufacturing and selling products of a similar nature.
           It could change significantly as a result of changes in customers’ taste and competitor’s actions in
           response to severe industry cycles. The Group will reassess the estimates by the end of each reporting
           period.

     (g)   Fair value of derivative component
           As disclosed in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements, the fair value of the derivative
           component of the convertible bonds at the date of issue and the end of the reporting period were
           determined using option pricing models. Application of option pricing models requires the Group to
           estimate the prominent factors affecting fair value, including but not limited to, the expected life of
           the derivative component, the expected volatility of the share prices of the Company and the potential
           dilution in the share prices of the Company. Where the estimation of these factors is different from
           those previously estimated, such differences will impact the fair value gain or loss on the derivative
           component in the period in which such determination is made.

           The carrying amount of the derivative financial liabilities, net as at 31 December 2025 was
           approximately RMB38,114,000 (2024: RMB12,347,000).




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   139
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




5.    CRITICAL JUDGEMENTS AND KEY ESTIMATES (continued)
      Key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)
      (h)   Actuarial assumptions on defined benefit retirement plans
            Accounting for defined benefit plans may be complex because actuarial assumptions are required to
            measure the obligation and the expense, with the possibility that actual results differ from the assumed
            results. These differences are known as actuarial gains and losses. Defined benefit obligations are
            measured using the Projected Unit Credit Method (“PUCM”), according to which the Group has to make
            a reliable estimate of the amount of benefits earned in return for services rendered in current and
            prior periods, using actuarial techniques. In addition, in cases where defined benefit plans are funded,
            the Group has to estimate the fair value of plan assets. As a result, the use of the PUCM involves a
            number of actuarial assumptions. These assumptions include demographic assumptions such as
            mortality, turnover and retirement age and financial assumptions such as discount rates, salary and
            benefit levels. Such assumptions are subject to judgements and may develop materially differently
            than expected and therefore may result in significant impacts on defined benefit obligations.

            The carrying amount of defined benefit assets, net and defined benefit liabilities, net as at 31 December
            2025 were approximately RMB3,053,000 (2024: RMB723,000) and RMB312,905,000, respectively.

6.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
      The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: foreign currency risk, credit risk, liquidity risk
      and interest rate risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of
      financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

      (a) Foreign currency risk
            The Group has certain exposure to foreign currency risk as its business transactions, assets and
            liabilities are principally denominated in Korean Won (“KRW”), Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), United States
            dollars (“US$”), Japanese Yen (“JPY”), and Euro (“EUR”). The Group currently does not have a foreign
            currency hedging policy in respect of foreign currency transactions, assets and liabilities. The Group
            monitors its foreign currency exposure closely and will consider hedging significant foreign currency
            exposure should the need arise.




140     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




6.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
     (a) Foreign currency risk (continued)
         The impact to the Group’s consolidated loss (2024: profit) after tax that might be resulted from the
         reasonable possible changes in the foreign exchange rates against the RMB to which the Group has
         significant exposure as at the end of the reporting date is summarised below.

                                                               2025                            2024
                                                     Increase in     Increase/       Increase in     Increase/
                                                         foreign    (decrease)           foreign    (decrease)
                                                       exchange         in loss        exchange        in profit
                                                            rate      after tax             rate      after tax
                                                                      RMB’000                         RMB’000

         EUR                                                  5%       (211,995)             5%                 (6,751)
         US$                                                  5%        (10,988)             5%                 (9,183)
         HK$                                                  5%           (987)             5%                 (1,588)
         JPY                                                  5%            291              5%                    267

         Decrease in the above foreign exchange rates by 5% (2024: 5%) would affect the loss (2024: profit)
         after tax by the same amount but in the opposite direction.

     (b) Credit risk
         Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or
         customer contract, leading to a financial loss. The Group is exposed to credit risk from its operating
         activities (primarily trade receivables) and from its financing activities, including deposits with banks
         and financial institutions, foreign exchange transactions and other financial instruments. The Group’s
         exposure to credit risk arising from cash and cash equivalents is limited because the counterparties
         are banks with acceptable credit-rating assigned by international credit-rating agencies, for which the
         Group considers to have low credit risk.

         The Group does not provide any guarantees which expose the Group to credit risk.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report     141
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




6.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
      (b) Credit risk (continued)
           Trade and bills receivables
           Customer credit risk is managed by each business unit subject to the Group’s established policy,
           procedures and control relating to customer credit risk management. Individual credit evaluations are
           performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount. These evaluations focus on the
           customer’s past history of making payments when due and current ability to pay, and take into account
           information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic environment in which the
           customer operates. Trade receivables are due within 30 - 180 days from the date of billing. Debtors
           with balances that are more than 90 - 180 days past due are requested to settle all outstanding
           balances before any further credit is granted. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from
           customers.

           The Group’s concentration of credit risk by geographical locations is mainly in the PRC, which
           accounted for 59% (2024: 89%) of the total trade receivables as at 31 December 2025. In order
           to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
           determination of credit limits and credit approvals.

           The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which
           is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not indicate
           significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on past
           due status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases.

           The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade
           and bills receivables as at 31 December 2025:

                                                                                        2025
                                                                                          Gross
                                                                       Expected         carrying             Loss
                                                                       loss rate         amount         allowance
                                                                              %         RMB’000          RMB’000

           Current (not past due)                                        0.04%           861,666               334
           1 - 90 days past due                                          0.73%           218,029             1,593
           91- 365 days past due                                        46.34%               986               457
           Over 1 year past due                                        100.00%             2,609             2,609

                                                                                       1,083,290             4,993




142     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




6.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
     (b) Credit risk (continued)
          Trade and bills receivables (continued)

                                                                                       2024
                                                                                         Gross
                                                                    Expected           carrying                Loss
                                                                    loss rate           amount            allowance
                                                                           %           RMB’000             RMB’000

          Current (not past due)                                       0.42%            511,147                    2,150
          1 - 90 days past due                                         6.85%              1,329                       91
          91 - 365 days past due                                       8.73%              2,452                      214
          Over 1 year past due                                       100.00%              2,127                    2,127

                                                                                        517,055                    4,582

          Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past 1 (2024: 1) year. These rates are
          adjusted to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historic
          data has been collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the
          expected lives of the receivables.

          Movement in the loss allowance for trade receivables during the year is as follows:

                                                                                         2025                 2024
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000

          At 1 January                                                                     4,582               12,100
          Impairment losses recognised for the year                                        2,072               34,104
          Reversal of impairment losses for the year                                      (2,428)             (40,711)
          Written off during the year                                                         —                  (717)
          Exchange differences                                                               767                 (194)

          At 31 December                                                                  4,993                    4,582




                                                                                              2025 Annual Report    143
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




6.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
      (b) Credit risk (continued)
            Financial assets at amortised cost
            All of the Group’s financial instruments at amortised cost are considered to have low credit risk, and
            the loss allowance recognised during the period was therefore limited to 12-month expected losses.
            Instruments are considered to be low credit risk when they have a low risk of default and the issuer
            has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term.

            Financial assets at amortised cost include deposits and other receivables.

            Movement in the loss allowance for other receivables during the year is as follows:

                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000

            At 31 December                                                                   309              309


      (c)   Liquidity risk
            Individual operating entities within the Group are responsible for their own cash management,
            including the participation in supplier finance arrangements with banks and the raising of loans
            to cover expected cash demands, subject to approval by the Directors of the Company when the
            borrowing exceeds certain predetermined level of authority.

            The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that it
            maintains sufficient reserves of cash to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.




144     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025




6.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
     (c)   Liquidity risk (continued)
           The maturity analysis based on contractual undiscounted cash flows of the Group’s non-derivative
           financial liabilities is as follows:

                                                   On demand
                                                   or less than     Between                              Undiscounted             Carrying
                                                         1 year 1 and 5 years           Over 5 years       cash flows              amount
                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000                RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000

           At 31 December 2025
           Trade payables                               376,767                 —                    —          376,767            376,767
           Accruals and other payables                  627,908             60,954                   —          688,862            688,862
           Bank loans and other
             borrowings (note)
             – fixed rate                            1,505,674          1,863,717          2,172,103          5,541,494          4,582,420
             – variable rate                         1,197,907          1,050,000          1,167,251          3,415,158          2,906,744
           Convertible bonds                           393,427             82,829                 —             476,256            412,610
           Loan from a related company                      —              68,604                 —              68,604             68,430
           Lease liabilities                            74,713            237,128            317,248            629,089            442,231

                                                     4,176,396          3,363,232          3,656,602        11,196,230           9,478,064

           At 31 December 2024
           Trade payables                                89,013                  —                   —            89,013            89,013
           Accruals and other payables                  127,885               1,748                  —           129,633           129,633
           Bank loans and other
             borrowings (note)
             – fixed rate                               452,235            979,295                   —         1,431,530         1,161,777
             – variable rate                            244,428            344,602                   —           589,030           567,235
           Convertible bonds                            331,311            478,521                   —           809,832           683,289
           Lease liabilities                              4,169              5,338                   —             9,507             8,945

                                                      1,249,041          1,809,504                   —         3,058,545         2,639,892

           Note:

           Bank and other borrowings with a repayment on demand clause are included in the ‘on demand or less than 1 year’ time band
           in the above maturity analysis. As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the aggregate undiscounted principal amounts
           of these bank and other borrowings amounted to approximately RMB82,130,000 and RMB31,900,000 respectively. Taking into
           account the Group’s financial position, the directors do not believe that it is probable that the counterparties will exercise their
           discretionary rights to demand immediate repayment. The directors believe that such other borrowings will be repaid one to
           four years (2024: one to three years) after the end of the reporting period in accordance with the scheduled repayment dates
           set out in the loan agreements. At that time, the aggregate principal and interest cash outflows will amount to approximately
           RMB85,763,000 (2024: RMB33,963,000).




                                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report    145
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




6.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
      (d) Interest rate risk
           Certain of the Group’s bank loans and other borrowings bear interest at fixed interest rates and
           therefore are subject to fair value interest rate risk.

           The Group’s exposure to interest-rate risk arises from its bank loans and bank deposits. These
           bank loans and deposits bear interests at variable rates that varied with the then prevailing market
           condition.

           At 31 December 2025, it is estimated that a general increase/(decrease) of 100 basis points in interest
           rates, with all other variables held constant, would have increased/(decreased) the Group’s loss (2024:
           profit) after tax for the year as follows:

                                                                                        2025             2024
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

           Increase/(decrease) in interest rates
           100 basis points                                                               3,164           29,979
           (100) basis points                                                            (3,164)         (29,979)

           The sensitivity analysis above indicates the impact on the Group’s loss (2024: profit) for the year and
           retained earnings that would have arisen assuming that there is an annualised impact on interest
           income and expense by a change in interest rates. The analysis has been performed on the same basis
           throughout the year.




146     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




6.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
     (e) Categories of financial instruments at 31 December
                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000

           Financial assets
           Derivative component of convertible bonds                                         —                 733
           Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                5,371,519          4,563,837

           Financial liabilities
           Derivative component of convertible bonds                                     38,114             13,080
           Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost                           9,021,350          2,630,947
           Lease liabilities                                                            442,231              8,945


     (f)   Fair values
           The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities as reflected in the
           consolidated statement of financial position approximate their respective fair values.

7.   REVENUE
     Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products for the year is as follows:

                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000

     Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of IFRS 15

     Disaggregated by major products:

     – Pearlescent pigment                                                            2,533,523          1,528,263
     – Functional mica filler and related products                                      176,066             98,689
     – Cosmetic Actives                                                                 187,430                 —
     – Others                                                                            20,216             21,811
                                                                                      2,917,235          1,648,763

     The Group derives revenue from the transfer of goods at a point in time.




                                                                                            2025 Annual Report   147
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




8.    OTHER INCOME, OTHER GAINS AND (LOSSES)
                                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000

      Agent income                                                                                           —                   78
      Fair value (loss)/gain on derivative component of convertible bonds                               (27,390)              3,643
      Gain on termination of a lease contract                                                                —                   14
      Government grants (note)                                                                           22,833               4,613
      Interest income on bank deposits                                                                   15,985              17,161
      Interest income on rental deposits                                                                     26                  —
      Net foreign exchange losses                                                                       (26,444)            (23,553)
      Property, plant and equipment written off                                                             (17)                 (3)
      Reversal of provision                                                                              15,419                  —
      Sundry (expenses)/income                                                                              (70)                484
                                                                                                            342               2,437

      Note: Government grants are mainly related to the subsidies and rewards received from the local government authority for research
            and development accomplished by the Group.


9.    SEGMENT INFORMATION
      The chief operating decision maker has been identified as executive directors of the Company.

      The Group has identified three reportable segments as follows:

      PRC business operation                     —       manufacturing and sales of pearlescent pigment and functional mica
                                                         filler in the PRC

      Korea business operation                   —       manufacturing and sales of pearlescent pigment in Korea

      German business operation                  —       development, manufacturing, and commercialisation of global surface
                                                         solution products

      The Group’s reportable segments are strategic business units that are managed by separate management.
      They are managed separately because each business requires different marketing strategies.

      The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in note 4 to the
      consolidated financial statements. Segment profits or losses do not include unallocated administrative
      expenses, other income, other gains and losses, finance costs and income tax credit or expenses. Segment
      assets do not include unallocated right-of-use assets, property, plant and equipment, escrow deposit, tax
      recoverable and bank and cash balances. Segment liabilities do not include unallocated accruals and other
      payables, convertible bonds, derivative component of convertible bonds, borrowings, lease liabilities and
      current tax liabilities.




148      Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




9.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     Information about reportable segment profit or loss, assets and liabilities:

                                                        PRC           Korea            German
                                                   Business         Business         Business
                                                  Operation        Operation         operation             Total
                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000

     Year ended 31 December 2025
     Revenue from external customers              1,640,090          285,488           991,657          2,917,235
     Intersegment revenue                            17,084               —                 —              17,084

     Total revenue of reportable segments         1,657,174          285,488           991,657          2,934,319

     Segment profit/(loss)                          492,674           31,892          (410,035)           114,531
     Interest income                                                                                        6,483
     Interest expense                                                                                     126,101
     Depreciation and amortisation                                                                        228,523
     Other material items of income
        and expense:
     – Cost of inventories sold                                                                         1,758,881
     – Staff costs                                                                                        614,740
     Income tax expense                                                                                   105,858
     Additions to segment non-current assets      1,691,819           17,070           159,691          1,868,580

     As at 31 December 2025
     Segment assets                               7,785,897          517,951         6,477,142        14,780,990
     Segment liabilities                          3,307,891          130,175         4,917,249         8,355,315




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   149
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




9.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
      Information about reportable segment profit or loss, assets and liabilities: (continued)

                                                                          PRC           Korea
                                                                     Business         Business
                                                                    Operation        Operation     Total
                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000    RMB’000

      Year ended 31 December 2024
      Revenue from external customers                                1,332,170         316,593   1,648,763
      Intersegment revenue                                               2,012              —        2,012

      Total revenue of reportable segments                           1,334,182         316,593   1,650,775

      Segment profit                                                  425,535           38,362    463,897
      Interest income                                                                               8,122
      Interest expense                                                                             64,026
      Depreciation and amortisation                                                                86,322
      Other material items of income and expense:
      – Cost of inventories sold                                                                  764,105
      – Staff costs                                                                               187,827
      Income tax expense                                                                           86,020
      Additions to segment non-current assets                         981,272           14,810    996,082

      As at 31 December 2024
      Segment assets                                                 5,409,519         557,957   5,967,476
      Segment liabilities                                            1,456,012         155,793   1,611,805




150     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




9.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     Reconciliations of segment revenue and profit or loss:

                                                                       2025               2024
                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000

     Revenue
     Total revenue of reportable segments                           2,934,319          1,650,775
     Elimination of intersegment revenue                              (17,084)            (2,012)

     Consolidated revenue                                           2,917,235          1,648,763
     Profit or loss
     Total profit or loss of reportable segments                      114,531             463,897
     Unallocated amounts:
       Administrative expenses                                       (158,645)            (73,787)
       Depreciation and amortization                                   (1,529)                 —
       Interest income                                                  9,528               9,033
       Interest expenses                                             (207,283)            (54,409)
       Others                                                         (62,960)            (24,462)

     Consolidated (loss)/profit after tax                            (306,358)            320,272


     Reconciliations of segment assets and liabilities:

                                                                       2025               2024
                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000

     Assets
     Total assets of reportable segments                          14,780,990           5,967,476
     Unallocated assets:
       Right-of-use assets                                              1,083               2,613
       Property, plant and equipment                                      404                 759
       Escrow deposit                                                      —              496,427
       Bank and cash balances                                          13,269             585,322
       Restricted bank deposit                                          4,210                  —
       Others                                                           1,157               1,911

     Consolidated total assets                                    14,801,113           7,054,508




                                                                          2025 Annual Report   151
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




9.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
      Reconciliations of segment assets and liabilities: (continued)

                                                                                       2025          2024
                                                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000

      Liabilities
      Total liabilities of reportable segments                                      8,355,315      1,611,805
      Unallocated liabilities:
        Borrowing                                                                   1,483,926       740,358
        Convertible bond                                                              356,462       333,715
        Derivative component of convertible bond                                       35,284         5,900
        Lease liabilities                                                               1,216            —
        Others                                                                         95,439         9,605

      Consolidated total liabilities                                              10,327,642       2,701,383


      Geographical information:

      The Group’s revenue from external customers from location of operations is detailed below:

                                                                                       2025          2024
                                                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000

      The PRC                                                                       1,809,932      1,358,357
      Europe                                                                          409,607             —
      Asia other than the PRC                                                         350,107        111,841
      North America                                                                   208,442         25,088
      Others                                                                          139,147        153,477

      Consolidated total                                                            2,917,235      1,648,763




152     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




9.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     Geographical information: (continued)

     The Group’s information about its non-current assets, other than restricted deposits, defined benefit assets,
     net, deposits and other receivables, escrow deposit and deferred tax assets, by location of assets are
     detailed below:

                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000

     The PRC                                                                         3,164,073          1,902,746
     Europe                                                                          2,873,030                 —
     Korea                                                                             299,463            316,665
     Others                                                                            468,106              3,371

     Consolidated total                                                              6,804,672          2,222,782


     Revenue from major customers:

     There was no customer that contributed over 10% of the Group’s revenue during the years ended 31
     December 2025 and 2024.

10. FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000

     Interest expenses of:
     – bank loans and other borrowings                                                 236,290              44,599
     – convertible bonds (note 37)                                                      75,517              73,514
     – lease liabilities (note 34)                                                      11,910                 323
     – loan from a related company (note 33)                                                42                  —
     – unwinding discount on provision                                                   4,170                  —
     – defined benefit plan                                                              5,455                  —
                                                                                       333,384             118,436




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   153
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                            2025             2024
                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000

      Current tax
        Provision for the year
          - PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                       79,664            70,038
          - Other Corporate Income Tax                                                      35,344             8,978
                                                                                           115,008            79,016

        Under-provision in prior year
          - PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                         2,879              513
          - Other Corporate Income Tax                                                           —             5,404
                                                                                              2,879            5,917
                                                                                           117,887            84,933

      Deferred tax (note 36)                                                               (12,029)            1,087
                                                                                           105,858            86,020

      Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% on the estimated assessable for both years.

      Tax charge on profits assessable elsewhere have been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing in the
      countries in which the Group operates, based on existing legislation, interpretation and practices in respect
      thereof.

      Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, Chesir Pearl and Luzhai Chesir Pearl Mica Material
      Co., Ltd. (“Chesir Luzhai”), subsidiaries of the Company, obtained the high and new technology enterprise
      certificate to entitle to a preferential tax rate of 15% (2024: 15%) during the year, subject to annual review by
      the relevant authority. The other subsidiaries of the Company in the PRC are subject to the PRC Enterprise
      Income Tax (“EIT”) at a rate of 25% (2024: 25%) for the year.




154     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued)
    The reconciliation between the income tax expense and the product of (loss)/profit before tax multiplied by
    the PRC Enterprise Income Tax rate is as follows:

                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000

    (Loss)/profit before tax                                                          (200,500)            406,292

    Tax at the PRC Enterprise Income Tax rate of 25%                                   (50,125)            101,573
    Tax effect of:
      – income that is not taxable                                                     (12,521)             (4,948)
      – expenses that are not deductible                                               100,170              35,796
      – tax concession                                                                 (55,346)            (44,056)
      – super-deduction of research and development costs                              (25,913)            (23,856)
      – unrecognised tax losses                                                        111,443               2,255
      – utilisation of tax losses not previously recognised                                593                  —
      – temporary difference not recognised                                              1,114              (3,143)
      – different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in other jurisdictions            34,447              16,482
    Other                                                                                 (883)                 —
    Under-provision in prior year                                                        2,879               5,917

    Income tax expense                                                                 105,858              86,020




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   155
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




12. (LOSS)/PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
      The Group’s (loss)/profit for the year is stated after charging and crediting the following:

                                                                                                        2025        2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000     RMB’000

      Auditor’s remuneration
         – audit service                                                                                 4,936      3,458
         – non-audit service                                                                             3,160        680
      Cost of inventories sold (note)                                                                1,758,881    764,105
      Allowance for inventories (included in cost of sales)                                             25,251      2,968
      Costs in relation to acquisition of Susonity (included in selling expenses,
         administrative expenses and finance costs)                                                   211,467          —
      Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                47,595       6,947
      Depreciation on:
         – property, plant and equipment                                                              149,524      76,783
         – right-of-use assets                                                                         32,933       4,474
      Research and development expenditures                                                           131,994      89,540
      Reversal of impairment losses on trade, bills and other receivables, net                           (356)     (6,607)
      Property, plant and equipment written off                                                            17           3

      Note:

      The following costs are included in the cost of inventories sold disclosed separately above:

                                                                                                         2025        2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000     RMB’000

      Staff costs                                                                                       288,941     101,000
      Depreciation on property, plant and equipment                                                      84,736      39,353
      Additional provisions                                                                              10,049          —
      Operating lease charges                                                                                51          51



13. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE
                                                                                                        2025        2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000     RMB’000

      Employee benefits expense:
        Salaries, bonuses and allowances                                                              604,142     174,125
        Retirement benefit - defined contribution plans                                                26,712      23,254
        Retirement benefit - defined benefit plans                                                     23,495       4,695
                                                                                                      654,349     202,074




156      Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




13. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE (continued)
   (a) Five highest paid individuals
       The five highest paid individuals in the Group during the year included two (2024: one) directors of the
       Company whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis presented in note 14.

       The emoluments of the remaining three (2024: four) individuals are set out below:

                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000

       Salaries and allowances                                                        6,638                  6,191
       Discretionary bonuses                                                          1,816                     55
       Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                          594                    114
                                                                                      9,048                  6,360

       The emoluments fell within the following band:

                                                                                  Number of individuals
                                                                                       2025                  2024

       HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                        —                    2
       HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                        —                    1
       HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                        —                    1
       HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                        2                    —
       HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                        1                    —
                                                                                           3                    4

       During the year, there was no arrangement under which a director of the Company waived or agreed
       to waive any remuneration, and no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors of the
       Company or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group, or as
       compensation for loss of office (2024: Nil).




                                                                                        2025 Annual Report    157
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




14. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS
      (a) Directors’ emoluments
           The remuneration of every director is set out below:

                                                                Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of a person’s services as a director,
                                                                          whether of the Company or its subsidiary undertaking
                                                                                                                                                                    Emoluments
                                                                                                                                                                           paid or
                                                                                                                                                                       receivable
                                                                                                                                                                    in respect of
                                                                                                                                                                director’s other
                                                                                                                                                                      services in
                                                                                                                                                                      connection
                                                                                                                                   Remunerations                          with the
                                                                                                                                            paid or                management
                                                                                                  Estimated     Employer’s              receivable                  of the affairs
                                                                                                money value contribution to           in respect of             of the Company
                                                                             Discretionary          of other   a retirement        accepting office     Housing or its subsidiary
                                                        Fees   Salaries             bonus           benefits benefit scheme             as director   allowance      undertaking       Total
                                                     RMB’000   RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000                RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000

           For the year ended 31 December 2025
           Executive directors:
           Mr. SU Ertian (苏尔田先生) (Chief executive)     2,365       830                179                  —                  65                 —           —                 —       3,439
           Mr. JIN Zengqin (金增勤先生)                        —        408                135                  —                  85                 —           —                 —         628
           Mr. ZHOU Fangchao (周方超先生)                      —        647                 55                  —                  50                 —           —                 —         752
           Ms. ZENG Zhu (曾珠女士)                            —        151                 49                  —                  53                 —           —                 —         253
           Mr. BAI Zhihuan (白植煥先生)                        —        220                                     —                  11                 —           —                 —         231
           Mr. LIM Kwang Su (林光水先生)                    2,225       732                  —                  17                 44                 —           —                 —       3,018

           Non-executive directors:
           Mr. HU Yongxiang (胡永祥先生)                       —          —                  —                  —                  —                  —           —                 —          —

           Independent Non-executive directors:
           Professor CHEN Fadong (陳發動教授)                 151         —                  —                  —                  —                  —           —                 —         151
           Mr. HUI Chi Fung (許之豐先生)                      165         —                  —                  —                  —                  —           —                 —         165
           Professor HAN Gaorong (韓高榮教授)                 165         —                  —                  —                  —                  —           —                 —         165
           Mr. LEUNG Kwai Wah Alex (梁貴華先生)               165         —                  —                  —                  —                  —           —                 —         165

                                                       5,236     2,988                418                  17               308                  —           —                 —       8,967




158     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025




14. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (continued)
   (a) Directors’ emoluments (continued)
                                                                Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of a person’s services as a director,
                                                                          whether of the Company or its subsidiary undertaking
                                                                                                                                                                    Emoluments
                                                                                                                                                                           paid or
                                                                                                                                                                       receivable
                                                                                                                                                                    in respect of
                                                                                                                                                                director’s other
                                                                                                                                                                      services in
                                                                                                                                                                      connection
                                                                                                                                   Remunerations                          with the
                                                                                                                                            paid or                management
                                                                                                  Estimated     Employer’s              receivable                  of the affairs
                                                                                                money value contribution to           in respect of             of the Company
                                                                             Discretionary          of other   a retirement        accepting office     Housing or its subsidiary
                                                        Fees   Salaries             bonus           benefits benefit scheme             as director   allowance      undertaking       Total
                                                     RMB’000   RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000                RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000

       For the year ended 31 December 2024
       Executive directors:
       Mr. SU Ertian (苏尔田先生) (Chief executive)            —       3,110                —                   —                  65                 —           —                  —      3,175
       Mr. JIN Zengqin (金增勤先生)                            —         409               135                  —                  83                 —           —                  —        627
       Mr. ZHOU Fangchao (周方超先生)                          —         645                —                   —                  50                 —           —                  —        695
       Ms. ZENG Zhu (曾珠女士)                                —         151                49                  —                  53                 —           —                  —        253
       Mr. BAI Zhihuan (白植煥先生)                            —         260                —                   —                  16                 —           —                  —        276
       Mr. LIM Kwang Su (林光水先生) (note i)                  —         749                —                   —                   5                 —           —                  —        754

       Non-executive directors:
       Mr. HU Yongxiang (胡永祥先生)                           —          —                  —                  —                  —                  —           —                  —         —

       Independent Non-executive directors:
       Professor CHEN Fadong (陳發動教授) (note i)             41         —                  —                  —                  —                  —           —                  —         41
       Mr. HUI Chi Fung (許之豐先生)                          164         —                  —                  —                  —                  —           —                  —        164
       Professor HAN Gaorong (韓高榮教授)                     164         —                  —                  —                  —                  —           —                  —        164
       Mr. LEUNG Kwai Wah Alex (梁貴華先生)                   164         —                  —                  —                  —                  —           —                  —        164

                                                         533      5,324               184                  —                272                  —           —                  —      6,313


       Neither the chief executive nor any of the directors waived any emoluments during the year (2024: Nil).
       Note: (i) Appointed on 26 September 2024


   (b) Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
       No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which
       the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company and the director’s connected party
       had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time
       during the year.




                                                                                                                                                        2025 Annual Report            159
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




15. DIVIDENDS
      The board of directors has decided not to declare and pay any final dividend for the year ended 31 December
      2025 (2024: Nil).

16. EARNINGS PER SHARE
      The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share is based on the following:

                                                                                          2025           2024
                                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000

      Earnings
      (Loss)/profit for the purpose of calculating basic earnings per share             (381,254)       242,176

                                                                                               2025        2024
                                                                                                ’000        ’000

      Number of shares
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares
        for the purpose of calculating basic earnings per share                        1,238,870       1,238,870

      No adjustment has been made to the basic earnings per share amounts presented for the year ended 31
      December 2025 and 2024 in respect of a dilution as the impact of the conversion of convertible bonds had
      an anti-dilutive effect on the basic earnings per share amounts presented.




160     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




17. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                            Freehold
                                             land and    Plant and      Motor         Office   Construction   Leasehold
                                            buildings   machinery     vehicles    equipment     in progress improvement              Total
                                            RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000            RMB’000

   Cost
   At 1 January 2024                         548,663      226,031        3,485       36,625        467,895           61,784        1,344,483
   Reclassification                               —         1,841           —        (1,841)            —                —                —
   Additions                                      —         1,970        1,161          891        437,795               —           441,817
   Transfers                                 241,497       38,566           —           310       (280,373)              —                —
   Disposals                                      —            —            —           (28)            —                —               (28)
   Written off                                    —            (1)          —            (2)            —                —                (3)
   Exchange differences                      (13,231)      (7,700)         (89)      (2,131)        (1,033)              —           (24,184)

   At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025    776,929      260,707        4,557       33,824        624,284           61,784        1,762,085
   Acquisition of subsidiaries               165,941      560,351      107,316           —         161,204               —           994,812
   Reclassification                               —            —            —        (9,412)            —             9,412               —
   Additions                                   2,003        2,817        1,398        7,835      1,761,694            8,260        1,784,007
   Transfers                                   9,773      127,096        1,583          506       (227,713)          88,755               —
   Written off                                    —           (82)         (13)          —              —                —               (95)
   Exchange differences                      (26,054)     (47,007)      (4,672)        (620)        (4,165)              —           (82,518)

   At 31 December 2025                       928,592      903,882     110,169        32,133      2,315,304         168,211     4,458,291

   Accumulated depreciation
   At 1 January 2024                         116,295       72,302        2,381       11,295             —            37,044         239,317
   Charges for the year                       29,669       27,908          351        3,579             —            15,276          76,783
   Disposals                                      —            —            —           (28)            —                —              (28)
   Exchange differences                         (471)      (1,157)         (11)        (225)            —                —           (1,864)

   At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025    145,493        99,053       2,721       14,621             —            52,320         314,208
   Charges for the year                       43,514        67,607      11,742        2,792             —            23,869         149,524
   Written off                                    —            (65)        (13)          —              —                —              (78)
   Exchange differences                      (13,432)      (33,463)     (2,854)        (135)            —                —          (49,884)

   At 31 December 2025                       175,575      133,132      11,596        17,278             —           76,189          413,770

   Carrying amount
   At 31 December 2025                       753,017      770,750      98,573        14,855      2,315,304          92,022     4,044,521

   At 31 December 2024                       631,436      161,654        1,836       19,203        624,284            9,464        1,447,877


   At 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment pledged as security for
   the Group’s bank loans and other borrowings amounted to approximately RMB2,220,329,000 (2024:
   RMB449,036,000).




                                                                                                              2025 Annual Report       161
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




18. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                               Leased      Leasehold       Leased
                                                              vehicles         lands    properties         Total
                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000

      At 1 January 2024                                            311        61,612         4,342         66,265
      Additions                                                  1,340        76,034         5,403         82,777
      Depreciation                                                (339)       (2,035)       (2,100)        (4,474)
      Termination of lease contracts                               (66)           —            (80)          (146)
      Exchange differences                                         (82)           —            (16)           (98)

      At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                     1,164       135,611        7,549         144,324
      Additions                                                    999         2,544       42,739          46,282
      Acquisition of subsidiaries                                4,857       102,315      405,630         512,802
      Depreciation                                              (1,473)       (6,697)     (24,763)        (32,933)
      Exchange differences                                         (46)         (695)      (2,270)         (3,011)

      At 31 December 2025                                       5,501       233,078       428,885        667,464

      As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of right-of-use assets pledged as security for the Group’s
      bank loans amounted to RMB132,689,000 (2024: RMB Nil).

      Lease liabilities of approximately RMB442,231,000 (2024: RMB8,945,000) are recognised with related right-
      of-use assets of approximately RMB434,386,000 (2024: RMB8,713,000) as at 31 December 2025. The lease
      agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held
      by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

                                                                                          2025           2024
                                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000

      Depreciation on right-of-use assets                                                32,933            4,474
      Interest expense on lease liabilities (included in finance costs)                  11,910              323
      Expenses relating to short-term lease (included in selling expenses)                   21            4,083
      Expenses relating to leases of low value assets (included in cost of sales)            51               51
      Expenses relating to leases of low value assets
         (included in selling expenses)                                                        40              2
      Expenses relating to leases of low value assets
         (included in administrative expenses)                                                 19             44

      Details of total cash outflow for leases is set out in note 43(e).

      For both years, the Group leases various vehicles, offices, warehouses and staff quarter for its operations.
      Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 12 months to 180 months (2024: 12 months to 48
      months). Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and
      conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group
      applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.



162      Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025




19. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                      Industrial
                                                               Customer                property     Technical   Development
                                              Trademark    relationships   Software       rights   know-how            costs        Patent        Total
                                                RMB’000         RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

   Cost
   At 1 January 2024                              7,025             489         29        2,162            —          17,083            —        26,788
   Additions                                          7              —          —            62            —              —             —            69
   Exchange differences                            (676)            (47)        (3)        (211)           —          (1,642)           —        (2,579)

   At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025         6,356             442         26        2,013           —           15,441            —        24,278
   Acquisition of subsidiaries                       —          173,163         —            —       486,506              —             —       659,669
   Additions                                         —            1,607         —           279       19,137              —         17,268       38,291
   Exchange differences                            (166)         (1,009)        (1)         (64)      (3,418)           (404)           —        (5,062)

   At 31 December 2025                            6,190         174,203         25        2,228      502,225         15,037        17,268       717,176

   Accumulated amortisation
   At 1 January 2024                                234              11          9          233            —           2,514            —         3,001
   Amortisation for the year                        677              31         16          640            —           5,583            —         6,947
   Exchange differences                             (59)             (3)        (2)         (58)           —            (551)           —          (673)

   At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025           852              39         23          815           —            7,546           —          9,275
   Amortisation for the year                        651           6,457          1          496       35,860           3,757          373        47,595
   Exchange differences                             (50)            (52)        —           (42)        (726)           (479)          —         (1,349)

   At 31 December 2025                            1,453           6,444         24        1,269       35,134         10,824           373        55,521

   Carrying amount
   At 31 December 2025                            4,737         167,759          1          959      467,091          4,213        16,895       661,655

   At 31 December 2024                            5,504             403          3        1,198            —           7,895            —        15,003


   The remaining amortisation period of the intangible assets are as follows:

                                                                                                         2025                                   2024

   Trademark                                                                                   7.6 years                                8.6 years
   Customer relationships                                                             12.6 to 14.5 years                              13.6 years
   Software                                                                                       1 year                                  2 years
   Industrial property rights                                                           0.1 to 6.7 years                         0.1 to 6.7 years
   Technical know-how                                                                  6.5 to 14.5 years                                     N/A
   Development costs                                                                     0.4 - 4.5 years                         0.2 to 3.1 years
   Patent                                                                              8.6 to 17.4 years                                     N/A




                                                                                                                           2025 Annual Report     163
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




20. PREPAYMENTS FOR CONSTRUCTION IN PROGRESS
      As of 31 December 2025, the Group has made prepayments of RMB113,332,000 (2024: RMB401,418,000)
      for construction in progress, primarily relating to advance contractor fees and material deposits for the
      construction of a new production facility in Tonglu, Hangzhou. These amounts are capitalised as part of
      construction in progress once construction work certified and are assessed for recoverability periodically.

21. DEPOSITS PAID FOR ACQUISITION OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
      As of 31 December 2025, the Group has paid deposits totalling RMB Nil (2024: RMB70,000,000) for the
      purchase of production equipment to be installed in the new production facility in Tonglu, Hangzhou. These
      amounts are capitalised as part of property, plant, and equipment upon delivery and commissioning.

22. GOODWILL
                                                                                        2025             2024
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

      Cost
      At 1 January                                                                      94,160          104,171
      Arising from acquisition of subsidiaries (note 43(a))                          1,235,170               —
      Exchange differences                                                             (11,630)         (10,011)

      At 31 December                                                                 1,317,700           94,160
      Carrying amount
      At 31 December                                                                 1,317,700           94,160

      Goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated, at acquisition, to the CGUs that are expected to
      benefit from that business combination.

      The carrying amount of goodwill has been allocated as follows:

                                                                                        2025             2024
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

      Susonity                                                                       1,226,004               —
      CQV Co., Ltd.                                                                     91,696           94,160
                                                                                     1,317,700           94,160

      In addition to goodwill, property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and other intangible assets that
      generate cash flows together with the related goodwill are also included in the respective CGUs for the
      purpose of impairment assessment.




164     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




22. GOODWILL (continued)
                                                             Discount rate           Terminal value growth rate
                                                             2025            2024           2025                2024
                                                                %               %              %                   %

    CQV Co., Ltd.                                           14.9%            14.8%            2%                  2%
    Susonity                                                 12%               N/A          1.8%                 N/A

    The recoverable amounts of the CGUs have been determined on the basis of their value in use using
    discounted cash flow method, which uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by the
    directors covering a five-year period and a pre-tax discount rate calculated by using weighted average cost
    of capital. The key assumptions used by management in setting the financial budgets for the initial five-year
    period were as follows:

    (a)   Forecast sales growth rates - based on past experience adjusted for the expected growth in the
          pearlescent pigment market.

    (b)   Operating expenses levels - based on historical experience of operating expenses, adjusted for the
          impact of economics of scale.

    (c)   Cash flows beyond five-year period have been extrapolated using a steady growth rate, which
          is estimated by the directors of the Company based on past performance of the CGUs and their
          expectations of market development and the rate does not exceed the average long-term growth rate
          for the relevant markets.

    The recoverable amount of CQV Co., Ltd. and Susonity calculated based on value in use exceeded carrying
    value by approximately RMB44,919,000 (2024: RMB13,025,000) and RMB451,000,000, respectively.
    The Group has conducted an analysis of the sensitivity of the impairment test to changes in the key
    assumptions used to determine the recoverable amount of Susonity to which goodwill is allocated. A 11%
    underperformance against forecast sales growth rates of Susonity would reduce the headroom to nil but
    would not result in an impairment charge.

23. RESTRICTED DEPOSITS
    As at 31 December 2025, the restricted deposits amounted to approximately RMB33,847,000 (2024:
    RMB2,050,000) and were classified as non-current assets. Of this amount, RMB6,250,000 (2024:
    RMB2,050,000) was pledged as security for other borrowings. The remaining balance was pledged for the
    Group’s lease and rental guarantees, and for other purposes.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report    165
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




24. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
      Particulars of the principal subsidiaries as at 31 December 2025 are as follows:

                                              Place of                                                        Attributable
                                              incorporation/                                                     effective
                                              establishment/                                                        equity
                                              principal country          Authorised              Issued/       interest of   Principal
      Name of subsidiary                      of operation                   capital      paid up capital       the Group    activities

      Generous Fortune Limited                British Virgin      HK$80,000,000,000     HK$12,590,725.2             100% Investment holding
        (盛富有限公司)                                Islands                                                            (Direct)

      Global New Material (China) Limited     Hong Kong                         N/A           HK$30,000              100% Investment holding
        (環球新材 (中國) 有限公司)                                                                                          (Indirect)

      廣西七色珠光材料股份有限公司                          The PRC               RMB149,561,191      RMB149,561,191             97.19% Manufacturing and
       (Chesir Pearl) (note a)                                                                                    (Indirect) sales of pearlescent
                                                                                                                             pigment and
                                                                                                                             functional mica filler

      上海萬紫千紅珠光效應材料有限公司                        The PRC                RMB10,000,000       RMB10,000,000             97.19% Trading of pearlescent
       (Shanghai Multicolor) (note a)                                                                             (Indirect) pigment and
                                                                                                                             functional mica filler

      鹿寨七色珠光雲母材料有限公司                          The PRC               RMB104,927,076      RMB104,927,076             47.48% Manufacturing and
       (Chesir Luzhai) (note a)                                                                                   (Indirect) sales of functional
                                                                                                                             mica filler and
                                                                                                                             related products

      浙江鴻尊科技有限公司                              The PRC                US$128,000,000      US$128,000,000              100% Under construction
       (Zhejiang Hongzun Technology                                                                               (Indirect)
       Co., Ltd.) (note a)

      Chesir International Holdings Limited   British Virgin             US$50,000                 US$1       100% (Direct) Investment holding
                                                Islands

      Star Cheer Corporation Limited          Hong Kong                         N/A                HK$1     100% (Indirect) Investment holding

      CQV (note b)                            Korea               KRW10,000,000,000    KRW5,430,695,000            50.75% Manufacturing and
                                                                                                            (11.60% Direct;  sales of pearlescent
                                                                                                            39.15% Indirect) pigment




166      Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025




24. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
                                         Place of                                                   Attributable
                                         incorporation/                                                effective
                                         establishment/                                                   equity
                                         principal country        Authorised            Issued/      interest of    Principal
    Name of subsidiary                   of operation                 capital    paid up capital      the Group     activities

    Chesir Global Holdings Limited       British Virgin           US$50,000          US$50,000             100% Investment holding
                                           Islands                                                        (Direct)

    Wealth Max Corporation Limited       Hong Kong                       N/A              HK$1             100% Investment holding
                                                                                                        (Indirect)

    SUSONITY Production GmbH             Germany               EUR1,000,000       EUR1,000,000             100% Manufacturing and
                                                                                                        (Indirect) sales of pearlescent
                                                                                                                   pigment and
                                                                                                                   functional mica filler

    SUSONITY LLC                         United States          US$4,500,000       US$4,500,000    100% (Indirect) Manufacturing and
                                                                                                                    sales of pearlescent
                                                                                                                    pigment and
                                                                                                                    functional mica filler

    SUSONITY Japan G.K.                  Japan                JPY400,000,000     JPY400,000,000            100% Manufacturing and
                                                                                                        (Indirect) sales of pearlescent
                                                                                                                   pigment and
                                                                                                                   functional mica filler

    Surface Solutions S.A.S              France                EUR5,510,000       EUR5,510,000             100% Trading of pearlescent
                                                                                                        (Indirect) pigment and
                                                                                                                   functional mica filler

    SUSONITY Commercial GmbH             Germany               EUR1,000,000       EUR1,000,000             100% Trading of pearlescent
                                                                                                        (Indirect) pigment and
                                                                                                                   functional mica filler

    Surface Materials (Thailand) Ltd.    Thailand            THB262,000,000     THB262,000,000             100% Trading of pearlescent
                                                                                                        (Indirect) pigment and
                                                                                                                   functional mica filler

    Surface Solutions Materials          The PRC             RMB 245,000,000    RMB 245,000,000            100% Trading of pearlescent
      (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (note a)                                                                     (Indirect) pigment and
                                                                                                                   functional mica filler




                                                                                                            2025 Annual Report      167
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




24. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
      Note:

      (a)      These subsidiaries are established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability.

      (b)      As at 31 December 2024, the Group had 42.45% effective equity interest in CQV. Based on the Group’s absolute size of holding
               in CQV and the relative size of and dispersion of the shareholdings of the other shareholders, the directors of the Company
               concluded that the Group had a sufficiently dominant voting interest to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities
               of CQV and therefore the Group had control over CQV.

      The above list contains the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or
      liabilities of the Group.

      The following table shows information on Chesir Pearl and its subsidiaries (“Chesir Pearl Group”) and CQV
      that has non-controlling interests (“NCI”) material to the Group. The summarised financial information
      represents amounts before inter-company eliminations.

                                                                              Chesir Pearl Group*                              CQV
      Name                                                                         2025               2024                2025               2024

      Principal place of business/
        country of incorporation                                                      The PRC                                 Korea

      % of ownership interests/voting
        rights held by NCI                                                    2.81%              2.81%              49.25%             57.55%

                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000
      At 31 December:
      Non-current assets                                                    1,312,915           1,230,485            303,835             326,116
      Current assets                                                        5,427,118           4,126,661            248,720             231,841
      Non-current liabilities                                                (302,885)           (389,643)           (13,334)            (21,352)
      Current liabilities                                                  (1,977,478)         (1,525,390)          (110,398)           (134,441)

      Net assets                                                            4,459,670           3,442,113            428,823             402,164

      Accumulated NCI                                                       1,146,059              789,968           175,969             186,734




168         Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




24. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
                                                                 Chesir Pearl Group*                                 CQV
    Name                                                          2025                 2024                 2025                 2024
                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000

    Revenue                                                    1,656,192             1,334,418             285,488               316,593
    Profit                                                       517,545               483,141              31,891                38,362
    Total comprehensive income                                   517,556               483,135              22,165                 8,664
    Profit allocated to NCI                                       56,349                51,360              18,547                26,736
    Net cash generated from/
      (used in) operating activities                             391,582               538,298              (55,800)              72,397
    Net cash (used in)/generated
      from investing activities                                 (717,266)             (372,849)             (10,427)              64,553
    Net cash generated from/
      (used in) financing activities                             873,180              (154,537)             (14,719)              (21,592)

    Net increase/(decrease) in cash
      and cash equivalents                                       547,496                10,912              (80,946)             115,358

    *       Chesir Pearl Group includes Chesir Luzhai, in which the Group held an effective equity interest of 47.48% (2024: 52.22%) as of 31
            December 2025.

    As at 31 December 2025, the bank and cash balances of the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC denominated
    in RMB amounted to approximately RMB3,168,816,000 (2024: RMB2,848,923,000). Conversion of RMB into
    foreign currencies is subject to the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of
    Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.

25. BANK, CASH BALANCES AND TIME DEPOSITS
                                                                                                            2025                 2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000

    Long term time deposit with maturity over one year (note (a))                                            50,000               50,000
    Restricted time deposits with maturity over three months
      but less than one year (note (b))                                                                    184,754                30,000
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                            3,748,921             3,411,401
                                                                                                         3,983,675             3,491,401

    Note:

    (a)     This time deposit was made for 36 months at interest rates of 2.90% per annum and denominated in RMB.

    (b)     These time deposits were made for twelve months at interest rates from 0.10% to 1.85% per annum and denominated in RMB.
            Approximately RMB183,977,000 (2024: RMB 30,000,000) are pledged to the bank for securing the issuing of the bank loans and
            letter of credit.




                                                                                                                 2025 Annual Report   169
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




25. BANK, CASH BALANCES AND TIME DEPOSITS (continued)
      The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank and cash balances are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                      2025            2024
                                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000

      RMB                                                                          3,439,256        2,774,063
      EUR                                                                            154,942          579,339
      US$                                                                             66,962           11,590
      JPY                                                                             31,515            5,343
      KRW                                                                             23,521           40,164
      Others                                                                          32,725              902
                                                                                   3,748,921        3,411,401

      As at 31 December 2025, the bank and cash balances and time deposits of the Group denominated in RMB
      amounted to approximately RMB3,417,584,000 (2024: RMB2,854,063,000). Conversion of RMB into foreign
      currencies is subject to the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement,
      Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.

26. INVENTORIES
                                                                                      2025            2024
                                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000

      Raw materials                                                                  357,154          26,651
      Work in progress                                                               617,817         120,957
      Finished goods                                                               1,347,680         162,656
                                                                                   2,322,651         310,264




170     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025




27. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES
                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000

   Trade receivables                                                               1,078,875             513,019
   Bills receivables                                                                   4,415               4,036
                                                                                   1,083,290             517,055
   Less: Allowance for doubtful debts                                                 (4,993)             (4,582)
                                                                                   1,078,297             512,473

   The Group generally allows a credit period from 30 to 180 days for its customers. Each customer has a
   maximum credit limit. For new customers, payment in advance is normally required. The Group seeks to
   maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by the
   directors of the Company.

   The ageing analysis of trade and bills receivables based on the invoice date (or date of revenue recognition,
   if earlier), and net of allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000

   0 to 90 days                                                                      795,028             446,931
   91 to 180 days                                                                    282,664              65,376
   181 to 365 days                                                                       605                 166
                                                                                   1,078,297             512,473


   The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and bills receivables are denominated in the following
   currencies:

                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000

   RMB                                                                               628,859             444,013
   EUR                                                                               195,691                  —
   US$                                                                               150,309              54,498
   JPY                                                                                27,111                  —
   KRW                                                                                21,578              13,962
   Other                                                                              54,749                  —
                                                                                   1,078,297             512,473




                                                                                         2025 Annual Report   171
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




28. DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

      Deposits                                                                            29,927            1,000
      Prepayments                                                                         73,778           39,036
      Value-added tax recoverable                                                        260,130           17,835
      Other receivables                                                                  189,435            1,100
                                                                                         553,270           58,971

      Analysed as:
      Current assets                                                                     496,932           57,420
      Non-current assets                                                                  56,338            1,551
                                                                                         553,270           58,971


29. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                    Number of                          Issued and
                                                                 shares issued       Authorised          fully paid
                                                                                       HK$’000            RMB’000

      Share capital of the Company in ordinary
        shares of HK$0.1 each
      At 1 January, 2024, 31 December 2024,
        1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025                       1,238,870,132        8,000,000          103,701

      The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
      concern and to maximise the return to the shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity
      balance.

      The Group sets the amount of capital in proportion to risk. The Group manages the capital structure and
      makes adjustments to it in the light of changes in economic conditions and the risk characteristics of the
      underlying assets. In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the payment
      of dividends, issue new shares, buy-back shares, raise new debts, redeem existing debts or sell assets to
      reduce debts.

      The Group monitors capital on the basis of the debt-to-adjusted capital ratio. This ratio is calculated as
      net debt divided by adjusted capital. Total debt comprises bank loans and other borrowings, convertible
      bonds and lease liabilities. Adjusted capital comprises all components of equity (i.e. share capital, retained
      earnings and other reserves etc.) except for non-controlling interests.




172     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




29. SHARE CAPITAL (continued)
    During 2025, the Group’s strategy, which was unchanged from 2024, was to maintain the debt-to-adjusted
    capital ratio at a level of industry average.

    The debt-to-adjusted capital ratios as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 were as follows:

                                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000

    Total debt                                                                        8,412,435            2,421,246
    Less: cash and cash equivalents                                                  (3,748,921)          (3,411,401)

    Net debt/(cash)                                                                   4,663,514             (990,155)

    Total equity                                                                      3,151,727           3,376,497

    Debt-to-adjusted capital ratio                                                         148%                   N/A

    The increase in the debt-to-adjusted capital ratio during 2025 resulted primarily from increase of bank and
    other borrowings as a result of the acquisition of subsidiaries and construction in progress during the year.

    The externally imposed capital requirements for the Group are: (i) in order to maintain its listing on the
    Stock Exchange it has to have a public float of at least 25% of the shares; and (ii) to meet financial covenants
    attached to the interest-bearing borrowings.

    The Group receives a report from the share registrar monthly on substantial share interests showing the
    non-public float and it demonstrates continuing compliance with the 25% limit throughout the year.

    Breaches in meeting the financial covenants would permit the lenders to immediately call borrowings.
    There were no breaches of financial covenants of any interest-bearing borrowings for the years ended 31
    December 2025 and 2024.




                                                                                             2025 Annual Report   173
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




30. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY
      (a) Statement of financial position of the Company
                                                             Note       2025       2024
                                                                      RMB’000    RMB’000

           Non-current assets
           Property, plant and equipment                                   405        759
           Right-of-use assets                                           1,083      2,613
           Investments in subsidiaries                               1,387,384    782,029
           Escrow deposit                                                   —     496,427
           Total non-current assets                                  1,388,872   1,281,828
           Current assets
           Prepayments and other receivables                               839       1,255
           Derivative component of convertible bond                         —          733
           Amounts due from subsidiaries                             3,068,103   1,122,052
           Tax recoverable                                                 317         317
           Restricted bank deposit                                       4,210          —
           Bank and cash balances                                       13,214     580,186
           Total current assets                                      3,086,683   1,704,543
           TOTAL ASSETS                                              4,475,555   2,986,371

           EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
           Equity attributable to owners of the Company
           Share capital                                      29      103,701     103,701
           Reserves                                          30(b)    468,481     939,109
           Total equity                                               572,182    1,042,810
           Non-current liabilities
           Other borrowings                                            68,430     740,358
           Convertible bond                                                —      333,715
           Lease liabilities                                               —        1,216
           Total non-current liabilities                               68,430    1,075,289




174     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025




30. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY
   (continued)
   (a) Statement of financial position of the Company (continued)
                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000

         Current liabilities
         Bank and other borrowings                                                 1,415,040              41,963
         Convertible bond                                                            356,462             284,489
         Derivative component of convertible bonds                                    35,284               5,900
         Lease liabilities                                                             1,216               1,635
         Amounts due to subsidiaries                                               1,931,647             527,420
         Accruals and other payables                                                  95,294               6,865
         Total current liabilities                                                 3,834,943             868,272
         TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES                                              4,475,555          2,986,371

         Approved by the Board of Directors on 27 March 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:




                              SU Ertian                                      ZHOU Fangchao
                              Director                                          Director

   (b) Reserve movement of the Company
                                                     Share         Special     Accumulated
                                                  premium          reserve           losses              Total
                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000

         At 1 January 2024                           886,372       284,381            (72,767)        1,097,986
         Total comprehensive income for
           the year                                       —              —           (158,877)          (158,877)

         At 31 December 2024 and
           1 January 2025                            886,372       284,381           (231,644)           939,109
         Total comprehensive income for
           the year                                       —              —           (470,628)          (470,628)

         At 31 December 2025                         886,372       284,381          (702,272)           468,481




                                                                                         2025 Annual Report   175
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




31. RESERVES
      (a) Group
           The amounts of the Group’s reserves and movements therein are presented in the consolidated
           statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income and consolidated statement of changes in
           equity.

      (b) Nature and purpose of reserves
           (i)     Share premium
                   The share premium represents the differences between the proceed from issue of shares and
                   the nominal amount of the shares issued by the Company.

           (ii)    Merger reserve
                   Merger reserve arose as a result of the group reorganisation upon incorporation of the Company
                   on 8 June 2018. The share capital of Chesir Pearl was transferred to merger reserve and share
                   capital reflected that of the Company.

           (iii)   Other reserve
                   Other reserve arose as a result of excess of capital contribution over the share capital of the
                   subsidiaries and the gain/(loss) on disposal of interest in a subsidiary without loss of control.

           (iv)    Foreign currency translation reserve
                   The foreign currency translation reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising
                   from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations. The reserve is dealt with
                   in accordance with the accounting policies set out in note 4(d) to the consolidated financial
                   statements.

           (v)     Statutory surplus reserve
                   The statutory surplus reserve, which is non-distributable, is appropriated from the profit after tax
                   of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries under the applicable laws and regulations in the PRC.

           (vi)    Special reserve
                   Special reserve represents the difference between the consideration and the share capital of a
                   subsidiary acquired under common control pursuant to the group reorganisation.




176     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025




32. BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS
                                                                                2025               2024
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000

   Bank loans:
     – Secured                                                               6,956,325             490,369
     – Secured - supplier finance arrangement (note (g))                        85,000              68,000
     – Unsecured                                                               300,870             363,856
   Other borrowings:
     – Secured                                                                 126,739             762,848
     – Unsecured                                                                20,230              43,939
                                                                             7,489,164          1,729,012


   (a) The bank loans and other borrowings are repayable as follows:
                                                                                2025               2024
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000

        Within one year                                                      2,374,774             570,312
        More than one year, but not exceeding two years                        350,957             206,512
        More than two years, but not exceeding five years                    1,770,129             920,288
        More than 5 years                                                    2,944,106                  —
                                                                             7,439,966          1,697,112
        Portion of other borrowings that are due for repayment after
          one year but contain a repayment on demand clause
          (shown under current liabilities)                                     49,198              31,900
                                                                             7,489,164          1,729,012
        Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months
              (shown under current liabilities)                             (2,423,972)           (602,212)

        Amount due for settlement after 12 months                            5,065,192          1,126,800




                                                                                   2025 Annual Report   177
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




32. BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS (continued)
      (b) The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank loans and other borrowings are denominated in
          the following currencies:
                                                                                         2025            2024
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000

            EUR                                                                      4,266,116          740,358
            RMB                                                                      2,899,212          914,882
            US$                                                                        279,852            8,166
            KRW                                                                         24,210           29,833
            HK$                                                                         19,774           35,773
                                                                                     7,489,164        1,729,012


      (c)   The average interest rates as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 were as follows:
                                                                                          2025             2024

            Bank loans:
              – Secured                                                            2.11% to 8%            3.69%
                                                                                    per annum        per annum
               – Secured - supplier finance arrangement                            0.51% to 3%             2.4%
                                                                                    per annum        per annum
               – Unsecured                                                       2.11% to 4.5%            3.43%
                                                                                    per annum        per annum
            Other borrowings:
              – Secured                                                          5.27% to 6.8%            8.94%
               – Unsecured                                                          per annum        per annum
                                                                                      2% - 5%             2.82%
                                                                                    per annum        per annum

            Bank loans and other borrowings of approximately RMB4,582,420,000 (2024: RMB1,161,777,000) as at
            31 December 2025 are arranged at fixed interest rates and expose the Group to fair value interest rate
            risk.

      (d) The fair value of the Group’s borrowings is as follows:
            The fair value of other borrowings was approximate to their carrying amounts due to their short-term
            nature or carrying interest at variable rate.




178     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




32. BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS (continued)
   (e) The details of pledged assets and collaterals to the Group’s borrowings are as follows:
         The Group’s secured bank loans of approximately RMB6,956,325,000 (2024: RMB490,369,000) are
         secured by the Group’s restricted deposits (note 23 and note 25), property, plant and equipment
         (note 17) and right-of-use assets (note 18), and also secured by land and buildings owned by a
         substantial shareholder (who also is an executive director of the Company) of the Company and the
         close family members of this substantial shareholder of the Company, the corporate guarantees
         from a corporate substantial shareholder of the Company, together with personal guarantees of this
         substantial shareholder and an executive director of the Company and the close family members of
         this substantial shareholder of the Company.

         The Group’s secured other borrowings of approximately RMB126,739,000 (2024: RMB762,848,000) are
         secured by the Group’s property, plant and equipment (note 17) in the PRC, restricted deposits (note
         23) in the PRC and share mortgage of the subsidiaries of the Company.

   (f)   The details of loan covenants of the Group’s borrowing are as follows:
         Certain of the Group’s bank loans and other borrowings facilities are subject to the fulfillment of
         covenants. Some of those relating to the Group’s financial metrics which are tested periodically, are
         commonly found in lending arrangements with financial institutions. If the Group were to breach the
         covenants the related borrowings would become payable on demand.

         The Group has complied with the financial covenants of its borrowing facilities during the year ended
         31 December 2025 (2024: Same).

   (g) Bank loans arising from supplier finance arrangements:
         The Group has entered into certain reverse factoring arrangements with banks, under which the Group
         obtained extended credit in respect of the invoice amounts owed to certain contractors and suppliers.
         Under these arrangements, the banks pay contractors and suppliers the amounts owed by the Group
         on the original due dates, which are normally 30 to 60 days after the invoice date for the comparable
         payables that are not part of the supplier finance arrangement within the same business line. The
         Group then settles with the banks 365 days after the original due dates with suppliers, with interest.

         In the consolidated financial statement of financial position, the Group has presented the payables
         to the banks under these arrangements as “borrowings”, in view of the nature and function of such
         liabilities when compared with the Group’s trade payables. As at 31 December 2025, the carrying
         amount of financial liabilities under these arrangements amounted to RMB85,000,000 (2024:
         RMB68,000,000).

         In the consolidated statement of cash flows, payments to the banks are included within financing cash
         flows based on the nature of the arrangements.




                                                                                         2025 Annual Report   179
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




33. LOAN FROM A RELATED COMPANY
      As at 31 December 2025, the loan from a related company is non-trade in nature, unsecured, interest-
      bearing ranged from 0.1% per annum and repayable on or before 14 July 2028. The related company has
      common substantial shareholder with the Company.

34. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                  Minimum                Present value of minimum
                                                               lease payments                 lease payments
                                                               2025          2024            2025            2024
                                                             RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

      Within one year                                         74,713            4,169        47,989          3,842
      More than one year, but not exceeding
        five years                                           237,128            5,338       157,090          5,103
      More than five years                                   317,248               —        237,152             —
                                                              629,089           9,507       442,231          8,945
      Less: Future finance charges                           (186,858)           (562)          N/A            N/A

      Present value of lease obligations                     442,231            8,945       442,231          8,945

      Less: Amount due for settlement
        within 12 months
        (shown under current liabilities)                                                   (50,272)         (3,842)

      Amount due for settlement after
       12 months                                                                            391,959          5,103

      The incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities range from 2.04% to 17.92% (2024: from 2.04%
      to 6.92%).

      The carrying amounts of the Group’s lease liabilities are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                             2025            2024
                                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000

      EUR                                                                                   361,945             —
      RMB                                                                                    52,228          4,799
      KRW                                                                                     1,201          1,296
      HK$                                                                                     1,035          2,850
      Others                                                                                 25,822             —
                                                                                            442,231          8,945




180     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




35. DEFERRED REVENUE
   The deferred revenue arises in respect of the Group’s government grants.

                                                                                          2025              2024
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

   Analysed as:
   Current liabilities                                                                    1,021                  8,770
   Non-current liabilities                                                              107,494                  7,487
                                                                                        108,515              16,257

   The deferred revenue arises as a result of the benefits received from government grants received. The
   revenue is recognised according to the useful life of the property, plant and equipment and intangible
   assets.

36. DEFERRED TAX
   The following are the deferred tax liabilities and assets recognised by the Group:

   Deferred tax liabilities:
                                                                Accelerated
                                                                         tax       Withholding
                                                                depreciation               tax              Total
                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000

   At 1 January 2024                                                  14,154               3,827             17,981
   Credit to profit or loss for the year                              (1,442)                 —              (1,442)
   Amount paid during the year                                            —               (3,827)            (3,827)
   Exchange differences                                               (1,281)                 —              (1,281)

   At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                             11,431                  —              11,431
   Acquisition of subsidiaries                                       120,465                  —             120,465
   Credit to profit or loss for the year                              (7,256)                 —              (7,256)
   Exchange differences                                                 (684)                 —                (684)

   At 31 December 2025                                               123,956                  —            123,956




                                                                                            2025 Annual Report    181
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




36. DEFERRED TAX (continued)
      Deferred tax assets:
                                                       Retirement                                                 Decelerated
                                                           benefit       Deferred    Allowance for                         tax     Doubtful
                                                       obligations        revenue       inventories    Others     depreciation       debts         Total
                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

      At 1 January 2024                                         (170)       1,024            8,289         981            302         1,409       11,835
      (Charge)/credit to profit or loss for the year               3         (369)             647      (2,874)           (25)           89       (2,529)
      Exchange differences                                        16          (78)            (833)         10            (28)          (26)        (939)

      At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                     (151)        577            8,103      (1,883)            249        1,472        8,367
      Acquisition of subsidiaries                              (1,526)         —             4,661       6,220          (2,904)           4        6,455
      (Charge)/credit to profit or loss for the year            2,047        (204)             (66)     (1,355)          4,269           82        4,773
      Exchange differences                                       (167)         (7)            (262)       (520)            (22)         (11)        (989)

      At 31 December 2025                                        203         366            12,436      2,462           1,592         1,547       18,606


      At the end of the reporting period the Group has unused tax losses of approximately RMB13,174,000 (2024:
      RMB6,860,000) available for offset against future profits. No deferred tax assets have been recognised
      in respect of the unused tax losses due to the unpredictability of future profit streams. Included in
      unrecognised tax losses are losses of approximately RMB13,174,000 (2024: RMB6,860,000) that will expire
      in 2030. Other tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely.

37. CONVERTIBLE BONDS
                                                                                                                         2025                    2024
                                                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000

      Liabilities component:
      2022 Convertible bond                                                                                             356,462                333,715
      2023 Convertible bond                                                                                                  —                 284,489
      CQV Convertible bonds                                                                                              56,148                 65,085
                                                                                                                        412,610                683,289

      Derivative component:
      2022 Convertible bond                                                                                               35,284                 5,900
      2023 Convertible bond                                                                                                   —                   (733)
      CQV Convertible bonds                                                                                                2,830                 7,180
                                                                                                                          38,114                12,347




182       Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




37. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (continued)
    2022 Convertible bond
    On 28 December 2022, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with an independent third party
    in relation to the issue of 3.5% coupon convertible bonds in the aggregate principal amount up to RMB500.0
    million in two tranches. The unlisted, guaranteed and unsecured convertible bond in the principal amount
    of RMB300.0 million (“Tranche A Convertible Bond”) was issued by the Company on 30 December 2022. The
    interest will be paid in arrears annually until the settlement date.

    Tranche A Convertible Bond is convertible at the option of the holder into fully paid ordinary shares with
    HK$0.1 each of the Company on or after the later of (i) the first day of the fortieth month from the date of
    issue; and (ii) the date on which the listing of, and permission to deal in, the conversion shares falling to be
    issued upon exercise of the conversion rights attached to Tranche A Convertible Bond having been granted
    by the Listing Committee of the Stock Exchange up to and including ending on the date immediately before
    the maturity date (i.e. 30 December 2026) at an initial conversion price of HK$7.6 per share.

    If Tranche A Convertible Bond is not converted during the conversion period, the Company shall redeem
    Tranche A Convertible Bond by repaying to the holder of the Tranche A Convertible Bond on the maturity
    date (the “Maturity Date”) the aggregate of (i) the outstanding principal amount of RMB300,000,000; (ii) the
    interest accrued but unpaid up to and including the Maturity Date; and (iii) the additional amount which could
    make up an internal rate of return (“IRR”) of 9% per annum on the aggregate principal amount of Tranche A
    Convertible Bond if the sum of the amounts referred in (i) and (ii) above, plus any amount already paid by the
    Company on such outstanding principal amount of Tranche A Convertible Bond, falls short of making up the
    IRR of 9% per annum on the relevant aggregate principal amount calculated from the issue date up to the
    Maturity Date.

    Tranche A Convertible Bond is guaranteed by a substantial shareholder of the Company and a subsidiary of
    the Company.




                                                                                             2025 Annual Report   183
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




37. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (continued)
      2022 Convertible bond (continued)
      The net proceeds received from the issue of Tranche A Convertible Bond have been split between the
      liability and derivative components and movement during the year, as follows:

                                                                                       Liability      Derivative
                                                                                    component        component
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

      At 1 January 2024                                                                313,029             3,822
      Interest charged for the year                                                     31,186                —
      Interest paid                                                                    (10,500)               —
      Fair value gain for the year                                                          —              2,078

      At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                           333,715            5,900
      Interest charged for the year                                                     33,247               —
      Interest paid                                                                    (10,500)              —
      Fair value loss for the year                                                          —            29,384

      At 31 December 2025                                                              356,462           35,284

      The interest charged for the year is calculated by applying an effective interest rate of 9.96% per annum to
      the liability component.

      The directors estimate the fair value of the liability component of Tranche A Convertible Bond as at
      31 December 2025 to be approximately RMB366,283,000 (2024: RMB342,480,000). This fair value has
      been calculated by discounting the future cash flows at the market interest rate (level 2 fair value
      measurements).

      The derivative component is measured at its fair value at the date of issue and at the end of each reporting
      period. The fair values are estimated using binomial option pricing model (level 3 fair value measurements).
      The key assumptions used are as follows:

                                                                                           At               At
                                                                                  31 December      31 December
                                                                                         2025             2024

      Weighted average share price                                                   HK$10.34           HK$4.35
      Weighted average exercise price                                                 HK$7.60           HK$7.60
      Expected volatility                                                              50.76%            36.69%
      Expected life                                                                     1 year           2 years
      Risk free rate                                                                    1.36%             1.10%
      Expected dividend yield                                                           0.00%             0.00%




184     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025




37. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (continued)
    Information about level 3 fair value measurements
                                                                                                       Effect on
                                                             Significant                          fair value for
                                         Valuation           unobservable                           increase of
                                         techniques          input                     Range              inputs

    Derivative component embedded        Binomial option     Expected                 50.76 %
      in Tranche A Convertible Bond      pricing model       volatility        (2024: 36.69%)           Increase

    The fair value of derivative component embedded in Tranche A Convertible Bond is determined using
    binomial option pricing model and the significant unobservable input in the fair value measurement is
    expected volatility.

    As at 31 December 2025, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, an increase or decrease
    in the expected volatility by 10% would have decreased or increased the Group’s loss (2024: profit decreased
    or increased) by approximately RMB79,000 (2024: RMB2,067,000) or RMB275,000 (2024: RMB2,599,000)
    respectively.

    2023 Convertible bond
    On 5 November 2023, the Company entered into agreement with an independent third party in relation to
    issue 9% coupon convertible bonds in the aggregate principal amount up to US$80,000,000 in two tranches.
    The unlisted, and unsecured convertible bonds with a nominal value of US$40,000,000 (“First Tranche Initial
    Bond”) was issued by the Company on 8 November 2023.

    First Tranche Initial Bond is convertible at the option of the holder thereof, at any time from the later of
    (a) the date on or after the relevant issue date of such bonds and (b) the date on which the listing of, and
    permission to deal in, the shares falling to be issued upon exercise of the conversion rights attached to
    the applicable convertible bonds having been granted by the Listing Committee of the Stock Exchange, to
    the close of business on the date falling seven days prior to the maturity date or, if such bond shall have
    been called for redemption by the Company before the maturity date, then up to and including the close
    of business on a date no later than seven days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof at an initial
    conversion price of HK$7.6 per share.

    On giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice by the Company to the bondholders, First Tranche
    Initial Bond may be redeemed by the Company in whole or in part, on the date specified in the option
    redemption notice at their optional redemption amount together with interest accrued but unpaid on such
    date (if any) at any time.




                                                                                         2025 Annual Report   185
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




37. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (continued)
      2023 Convertible bond (continued)
      The net proceeds received from the issue of First Tranche Initial Bond have been split between the liability
      and derivative components and movement during the year, as follows:

                                                                                        Liability      Derivative
                                                                                     component        component
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

      At 1 January 2024                                                                 263,113             1,884
      Interest charged for the year                                                      38,169                —
      Interest paid                                                                     (26,032)               —
      Fair value gain for the year                                                           —             (2,639)
      Exchange differences                                                                9,239                22

      At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                             284,489             (733)
      Interest charged for the year                                                       34,113               —
      Repayment during the year                                                         (312,743)              —
      Fair value loss for the year                                                            —               733
      Exchange differences                                                                (5,859)              —

      At 31 December 2025                                                                     —                —

      The interest charged for the year is calculated by applying an effective interest rate of 14.85% per annum to
      the liability component.

      The 2023 Convertible bond was fully repaid on 6 November 2025.

      The directors estimate the fair value of the liability component of First Tranche Initial Bond as at 31
      December 2024 to be approximately RMB297,809,000. This fair value has been calculated by discounting
      the future cash flows at the market interest rate (level 2 fair value measurements).

      The derivative component is measured at its fair value at the date of issue and at the end of each reporting
      period. The fair values are estimated using binomial option pricing model (level 3 fair value measurements).
      The key assumptions used are as follows:

                                                                           At              At
                                                                  31 December     31 December          At date of
                                                                         2025            2024              issue

      Weighted average share price                                         N/A          HK$4.35          HK$3.82
      Weighted average exercise price                                      N/A          HK$7.60           HK$7.6
      Expected volatility                                                  N/A           40.48%           36.69%
      Expected life                                                        N/A         0.9 years          2 years
      Risk free rate                                                       N/A            4.18%            4.98%
      Expected dividend yield                                              N/A            0.00%            0.35%




186     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




37. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (continued)
    Information about level 3 fair value measurements
                                                                                                       Effect on
                                                             Significant                          fair value for
                                         Valuation           unobservable                           increase of
                                         techniques          input                    Range               inputs

    Derivative component embedded        Binomial option     Expected                    N/A
      in First Tranche Initial Bond      pricing model       volatility       (2024: 40.48%)            Increase

    The fair value of derivative component embedded in First Tranche Initial Bond is determined using binomial
    option pricing model and the significant unobservable input in the fair value measurement is expected
    volatility.

    CQV Convertible bonds
    On 26 June 2024, CQV, a subsidiary of the Company, entered into an underwriting agreement (the
    “Underwriting Agreement) and a supplementary agreement (the “Supplementary Agreement”) with
    independent third parties in relation to the issue of unlisted and unsecured 2% coupon convertible bonds in
    an aggregate principal amount of KRW15,000,000,000 (“CQV Convertible Bonds”) which was issued on 28
    June 2024 with maturity date of 28 June 2027. The interest will be paid in arrears every three months until
    the maturity date.

    CQV Convertible Bonds are convertible at the option of the holder into common stock of CQV on or after one
    year from the issue date of CQV Convertible Bonds and to the first business day within the month preceding
    the maturity date at an initial conversion price of KRW5,760 per share. The conversion price may be
    adjusted every seven months from the issue date based on the stock price of CQV common stock prevailing
    in the preceding month.

    CQV Convertible Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the holders one year from the issue date of
    CQV Convertible Bonds and every three months thereafter in the relevant outstanding principal amount
    multiplied by the early redemption rate stipulated in the Underwriting Agreement.

    CQV shall reserve a right to purchase up to 40% of the principal amount of CQV Convertible Bonds during
    the exercise period stated in the Supplementary Agreement, in which case the purchase price shall ensure
    yield to call at an annual compound interest rate of 7% (calculated quarterly).

    If CQV Convertible Bonds are not converted during the conversion period or redeemed during the option
    period, CQV shall redeem CQV Convertible Bonds by repaying to the holder of CQV Convertible Bonds on the
    maturity date at 113.04% of the outstanding principal amount.




                                                                                         2025 Annual Report   187
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




37. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (continued)
      CQV Convertible bonds (continued)
      The net proceeds received from the issue of CQV Convertible Bonds have been split between liability and
      derivative components and movement during the year, as follows:

                                                                                        Liability      Derivative
                                                                                     component        component
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

      At the date of issuance                                                             69,425           10,864
      Transaction cost                                                                    (2,787)              —
      Interest charged for the year                                                        4,159               —
      Interest paid                                                                         (790)              —
      Fair value gain for the year                                                            —            (3,082)
      Exchange differences                                                                (4,922)            (602)

      At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                              65,085             7,180
      Interest charged for the year                                                        8,157                —
      Interest paid                                                                       (1,515)               —
      Derecognition on conversion                                                         (8,405)           (1,615)
      Fair value gain for the year                                                            —             (2,728)
      Exchange differences                                                                (7,174)               (7)

      At 31 December 2025                                                                 56,148            2,830

      The interest charged for the year is calculated by applying an effective interest rate of 13.20% per annum to
      the liability component.

      The directors estimate the fair value of the liability component of the CQV Convertible Bonds as at 31
      December 2025 to be approximately RMB61,251,000 (2024: RMB72,476,000). This fair value has been
      calculated by discounting the future cash flows at the market interest rate (level 2 fair value measurements).




188     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




37. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (continued)
    CQV Convertible bonds (continued)
    The derivative component is measured at its fair value at the date of issue and at the end of each reporting
    period. The fair values are estimated using binomial option pricing model (level 3 fair value measurements).
    The key assumptions used are as follows:

                                                                        At                At
                                                               31 December       31 December            At date of
                                                                      2025              2024                issue

    Weighted average share price                                  KRW4,215           KRW3,840           KRW4,770
    Weighted average exercise price                               KRW4,270           KRW5,760           KRW5,760
    Expected volatility                                              32.63%             48.02%            31.80%
    Expected life                                                  1.5 years          2.5 years           3 years
    Risk free rate                                             2.38%~2.73%               2.73%             3.17%
    Expected dividend yield                                           0.00%              0.00%             0.00%


    Information about level 3 fair value measurements
                                                                                                         Effect on
                                                             Significant                            fair value for
                                         Valuation           unobservable                             increase of
                                         techniques          input                       Range              inputs

    Derivative component embedded        Binomial option     Expected              2025:32.63%
      in CQV Convertible Bonds           pricing model       volatility          (2024:48.02%)            Increase

    The fair value of derivative component embedded in CQV Convertible Bonds is determined using binomial
    option pricing model and the significant unobservable inputs in the fair value measurement are expected
    volatility.

    As at 31 December 2025, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, an increase or decrease
    in the expected volatility by 10% (2024: 10%) would have increased or decreased the Group’s loss (2024:
    profit decreased or increased) by approximately RMB949,000 (2024:RMB1,170,000) or RMB1,402,000
    (2024:RMB794,000) respectively.




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   189
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




38. RETIREMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS
      (a) Defined benefit plan
           The Group makes the majority of its contributions in respect of Susonity to defined benefit retirement
           plans registered under the Employee Retirement Benefit Security Act (“ERBSA”), which cover of the
           employees outside Hong Kong and China. The plans are administered by trustees, the majority of
           which are independent, with their assets held separately from those of the Group. The trustees are
           required by the Trust Deed to act in the best interests of the plan participants and are responsible for
           setting investment policies of the plans.

           Under Susonity, a retired employee employed before 1 January 2005 is entitled to pension payment
           equal to the final salary for each year of service that the employee provided.

           For retired employees employed from 1 January 2005 to 31 December 2020, pension payment is
           derived from the cumulative total of annually determined pension components calculated based on a
           defined benefit expense and an age-based annuity table.

           For retired employees employed after 1 January 2021, pension payment is derived from the
           performance of salary-based employer contributions and voluntary employee contributions, topped up
           by the employer to an external fund. A minimum return on contributions has been guaranteed.

           The plans are funded by contributions from the Group in accordance with an independent actuary’s
           recommendation based on annual actuarial valuations. The latest independent actuarial valuations
           of the plans were as at 31 December 2025 and were prepared by qualified staff of AON plc using the
           projected unit credit method.

           The promised pension benefits specifically depend on the social security contributions ceiling in the
           statutory pension insurance (BBG) implemented and monitored by the government of Germany.

           Annual adjustments of further assessment will be considered when both the expected inflation
           development and expected future relation to the development of pensionable salaries have deviated
           from salary increases.

           The expected inflation trend is based on the medium-term inflation target of the European Central
           Bank of currently 2% per annual.




190     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025




38. RETIREMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
    (a) Defined benefit plan (continued)
         The plans expose the Group to actuarial risks, such as interest rate risk. Since the retirement plan has
         similar risks and features, information about the plan is aggregated and disclosed below.

         The amount of defined benefit assets and liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of
         financial position is as follows:

                                                                                       2025               2024
                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000

         Defined benefit assets, net for CQV                                            3,053                  723
         Defined benefit liabilities, net for Susonity                               (312,905)                  —
                                                                                     (309,852)                 723

         The amount of retirement benefit obligations recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
         position is as follows:

                                                                                       2025               2024
                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000

         Present value of defined benefit obligation                                  835,009              50,549
         Fair value of plan assets                                                   (525,157)            (51,272)
                                                                                      309,852                  (723)

         A portion of the above liability is expected to be settled after more than one year. However, it is not
         practicable to segregate this amount from the amounts payable in the next twelve months, as future
         contributions will also relate to future services rendered and future changes in actuarial assumptions
         and market conditions.




                                                                                          2025 Annual Report   191
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




38. RETIREMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
      (a) Defined benefit plan (continued)
                                                               Present
                                                               value of
                                                               defined             Fair
                                                                benefit        value of
                                                             obligation    plan assets      Total
                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000
           At 1 January 2024                                    51,150         (56,396)     (5,246)
           Amounts recognised in profit or loss:
             Current service cost                                5,280              —       5,280
             Past service cost                                      42              —          42
             Operating expenses                                     —              223        223
             Interest expense/(income)                           1,496          (2,346)      (850)
           Remeasurements recognised in
             other comprehensive income:
             Return on plan assets (excluding interest)              —              44         44
             Actuarial losses arising from changes in
               financial assumptions                               547               —        547
               demographic assumptions                              26               —         26
             Actuarial losses due to the difference
               between assumption and reality                    4,205               —      4,205
           Contributions to the plan:
             Employer                                                —          (2,105)     (2,105)
             Payments from the plan                              (7,028)         3,870      (3,158)
           Exchange differences                                  (5,169)         5,438        269
           At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025              50,549         (51,272)       (723)
           Acquisition of subsidiaries                        816,552        (468,384)    348,168
           Amounts recognised in profit or loss:
             Current service cost                               18,040              —      18,040
             Interest expense/(income)                          15,162          (9,707)     5,455

           Remeasurements recognised in other
             comprehensive income:
             Return on plan assets (excluding interest)             —            6,276      6,276
             Actuarial losses arising from changes in          (53,991)          2,835    (51,156)
               financial assumptions
             Insurance loss due to changes in
               empirical assumptions                             2,277              —       2,277
             Actuarial losses due to the difference
               between assumption and reality                   (4,774)             —      (4,774)

           Contributions to the plan:
             Employer                                               —          (11,164)   (11,164)
             Participants                                          108            (108)        —
             Payments from the plan                             (7,982)          6,932     (1,050)
           Exchange differences                                   (932)           (565)    (1,497)
           At 31 December 2025                                835,009        (525,157)    309,852



192     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




38. RETIREMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
    (a) Defined benefit plan (continued)
         The maximum economic benefit available from the net defined benefit asset is determined based on
         reductions in future contributions.

         The fair value of the plan assets at the end of the reporting period consists of bank savings.

         The principal actuarial assumptions adopted by the Group as at 31 December 2025 (expressed as
         weighted average) are as follows:

                                                                                       Susonity                   CQV
                                                                                          2025                   2024

         Discount rate                                                                   4.29%                   3.81%
         Salary growth rate                                                              3.00%                   3.80%

         Assumptions regarding future mortality are set based on actuarial advice in accordance with published
         statistics and experience. These assumptions translate into an average life expectancy in years for a
         pensioner to retire at the age of 60.

         Through its defined benefit pension plans, the Group does not expose to any risk since the Group
         can choose products that can earn confirmed interest and guarantee the repayment of principal and
         interest.

         The Group’s sensitivity analysis for each significant actuarial assumption as of the end of the reporting
         period based on reasonably possible changes of the relevant actuarial assumption is as follows:

                                             Increase/         Impact on           Increase/           Impact on
                                              decrease    defined benefit           decrease      defined benefit
                                                in rate        obligation             in rate          obligation
                                                                Susonity                                     CQV
                                                                    2025                                    2024

         Discount rate                              1% (16.06%)/21.03%                     1%       (4.47%)/5.01%
         Salary growth rate                         1% 6.03%/(5.42%)                       1%       4.96%/(4.51%)




                                                                                            2025 Annual Report     193
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




38. RETIREMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
      (a) Defined benefit plan (continued)
           The above sensitivity analysis is based on a change in an assumption while holding all other
           assumptions constant. In practice, this is unlikely to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions
           may be correlated. When calculating the sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to significant
           actuarial assumptions, the same method (present value of the defined benefit obligation calculated
           with the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period) has been applied as when
           calculating the pension liability recognised within the statement of financial position.

           The Group finances the funding requirements of the pension plan by choosing products that can earn
           determined interest and security insurance products to generate operating income and does not have
           any funding arrangements and funding policy that will affect future contributions.

           The expected contributions to the pension plan for the year ending 31 December 2025 is approximately
           RMB247,226,000 (2024: RMB2,105,000).

           The weighted average duration of the Group’s defined benefit obligation is approximately 19.17 years.
           The maturity analysis of the Group’s undiscounted benefit payments is as follows:

                                                                         Between    Between
                                                             Less than      1 and      2 and       Over
                                                                1 year    2 years    5 years    5 years     Total
                                                              RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000

           At 31 December 2025
           Pension payments                                    15,018     17,087    101,838    226,181    360,124

           At 31 December 2024
           Pension payments                                      5,989      5,757     12,124     47,516    71,386




194     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




38. RETIREMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
    (b) Obligation to pay long service payment (“LSP”) under Hong Kong Employment Ordinance
        (Chapter 57)
        Hong Kong employees that have been employed continuously for at least five years are entitled to
        long service payments in accordance with the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance under certain
        circumstances. These circumstances include where an employee is dismissed for reasons other
        than serious misconduct or redundancy, that employee resigns at the age of 65 or above, or the
        employment contract is of fixed term and expires without renewal. The amount of LSP payable is
        determined with reference to the employee’s final salary (capped at HK$22,500) and the years of
        service, reduced by the amount of any accrued benefits derived from the Group’s contributions to MPF
        scheme (see note 13(a)), with an overall cap of HK$390,000 per employee. Currently, the Group does
        not have any separate funding arrangements in place to meet its LSP obligation.

        In June 2022, the Government gazetted the amendment ordinance (the “Amendment Ordinance”),
        which abolishes the use of the accrued benefits derived from employers’ mandatory MPF contributions
        to offset the LSP (the “Abolition”). The Abolition will officially take effect on 1 May 2025 (the “Transition
        Date”). Separately, the Government of the HKSAR is also expected to introduce a subsidy scheme to
        assist employers for a period of 25 years after the Transition Date on the LSP payable by employers
        up to a certain amount per employee per year.

        Under the Amendment Ordinance, the Group’s mandatory MPF contributions, plus/minus any positive/
        negative returns, after the Transition Date can continue to be applied to offset the pre-Transition Date
        LSP obligation but are not eligible to offset the post-Transition Date LSP obligation. Furthermore,
        the LSP obligation before the Transition Date will be grandfathered and calculated based on the last
        monthly wages immediately preceding the Transition Date and the years of service up to that date.

        The Group has determined that the Amendment Ordinance primarily impacts the Group’s LSP
        liability with respect to Hong Kong employees that participate in MPF Scheme and the impact on the
        consolidated financial statement is immaterial.




                                                                                             2025 Annual Report   195
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




39. TRADE PAYABLES
      The ageing analysis of trade payables based on the date of receipt of goods and invoices, is as follows:

                                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

      0 to 90 days                                                                       314,772           86,230
      91 to 180 days                                                                      60,292            1,307
      181 to 365 days                                                                         —             1,116
      Over 365 days                                                                        1,703              360
                                                                                         376,767           89,013

      The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade payables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

      EUR                                                                                182,085              458
      US$                                                                                 65,316            4,678
      JPY                                                                                 59,346               —
      RMB                                                                                 56,338           82,046
      KRW                                                                                  1,480            1,831
      Other                                                                               12,202               —
                                                                                         376,767           89,013


40. ACCRUALS ANN OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

      Accruals                                                                           295,285           44,898
      Construction fee payables                                                          208,244           40,534
      Other payables                                                                     185,333           44,201
                                                                                         688,862          129,633

      Analysed as:
      Current liabilities                                                                627,908          127,885
      Non-current liabilities                                                             60,954            1,748
                                                                                         688,862          129,633




196     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




41. PROVISIONS
                                               Provision for
                                                       asset
                                                 retirement     Provision for      Provision for
                                                  obligation    restructuring            others             Total
                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000

   1 January 2025                                         —                —                 —                  —
   Acquisition of subsidiaries                       102,315          125,289            15,372            242,976
   Additional provision                                   —            10,049                —              10,049
   Unused provision reversed                              —           (15,419)               —             (15,419)
   Provision used                                         —           (28,788)           (6,867)           (35,655)
   Unwinding discount on provision                     4,170               —                 —               4,170
   Exchange difference                                  (744)            (444)              (34)            (1,222)

   31 December 2025                                  105,741           90,687             8,471            204,899

   Provision for asset retirement obligation represents a liability recognized for the future costs of dismantling,
   removing, and restoring assets for the factory located in Germany.

   Provision for restructuring represents obligations assumed upon the acquisition of Susonity, principally
   comprising restructuring compensation costs payable to affected employees under the restructuring plans,
   onerous contracts and costs arising from transitional service arrangements with third parties.

                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000

   Analysed as:
   Current liabilities                                                                   98,828                  —
   Non-current liabilities                                                              106,071                  —
                                                                                        204,899                  —




                                                                                            2025 Annual Report   197
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




42. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                         2025             2024
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

      Deposits received in advance                                                       14,696                21

      Movements in contract liabilities:

                                                                                         2025             2024
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

      At 1 January                                                                           21              184
      Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                           991               —
      Increase/(decrease) in contract liabilities as a result of recognising
        revenue during the year was included in the contract liabilities                 13,808              (146)
      Exchange losses                                                                      (124)              (17)

      At 31 December                                                                     14,696                21


43. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
      (a) Acquisition of subsidiaries
           On 31 July 2025, the Group acquired 100% of the equity interest of Susonity for a total consideration
           of approximately EUR665,000,000. Susonity is engaged in the development, manufacturing, and
           commercialisation of products such as pigments, cosmetic actives, industrial functionals, and cosmetic
           fillers in worldwide. The acquisition is for the purpose of expanding the Group’s international business
           presence.




198     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




43. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (continued)
   (a) Acquisition of subsidiaries (continued)
        The fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Susonity acquired as at the date of acquisition
        are as follows:

                                                                                                          Susonity
                                                                                                          RMB’000
        Net assets acquired:
        Property, plant and equipment                                                                      994,812
        Right-of-use assets                                                                                512,802
        Intangible assets                                                                                  659,669
        Deferred tax assets                                                                                  6,455
        Inventories                                                                                      1,910,603
        Trade and bills receivables                                                                        176,222
        Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                                                        228,970
        Bank and cash balances                                                                           1,160,047
        Tax recoverable                                                                                      1,392
        Lease liabilities                                                                                 (410,487)
        Borrowings                                                                                            (372)
        Defined benefit liabilities, net                                                                  (348,168)
        Trade payables                                                                                    (206,409)
        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                          (120,465)
        Accruals and other payables                                                                       (183,642)
        Provisions                                                                                        (242,976)
        Contract liabilities                                                                                  (991)
                                                                                                         4,137,462
        Goodwill                                                                                         1,235,170
                                                                                                         5,372,632
        Satisfied by:
        Cash                                                                                             5,372,632
        Net cash outflow arising on acquisition:
        Cash consideration paid                                                                           5,372,632
        Escrow deposit paid                                                                                (496,427)
        Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                               (1,160,047)
                                                                                                         3,716,158




                                                                                            2025 Annual Report   199
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




43. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (continued)
      (a) Acquisition of subsidiaries (continued)
           The fair value of the trade, bills and other receivables acquired is approximately RMB176,222,000.

           Acquisition-related costs of approximately RMB211,467,000 have been charged to selling expenses,
           administrativeexpenses and finance costs in the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year
           ended 31 December 2025.

           The goodwill arising on the acquisition of Susonity is attributable to the anticipated profitability of the
           distribution of the Group’s products in the new markets and the anticipated future operating synergies
           from the combination.

           Susonity contributed approximately RMB991,657,000 to the Group’s revenue for the year ended 31
           December 2025 for the period between the date of acquisition and the end of that reporting period.
           Susonity contributed approximately RMB410,035,000 to the Group’s loss for the year ended 31
           December 2025 for the period between the date of acquisition and the end of that reporting period.

      (b) Change of interest in a subsidiary without loss of control
           (i)     Acquisition of 8.3% effective equity interest in CQV
                   During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group acquired 8.3% effective equity interest
                   in CQV at a cash consideration of RMB25,525,000. The effect of the acquisition on the equity
                   attributable to the owners of the Company is as follows:

                                                                                                           RMB’000

                   Carrying amount of non-controlling interests acquired                                     33,042
                   Consideration paid to non-controlling interests                                          (25,525)

                   Gain on acquisition recognised directly in equity                                          7,517


           (ii)    Disposal of 4.74% effective equity interest in Chesir Luzhai
                   During the year ended 31 December 2025, Chongqing International Trust has agreed to inject
                   RMB500,000,000 into Chesir Luzhai, of which RMB13,116,000 will be contributed to the increase
                   in its registered capital and RMB486,884,000 will be contributed to its capital reserve. Upon
                   Completion, the registered capital of Chesir Luzhai will be increased from RMB131,159,000 to
                   RMB144,275,000. Immediately upon Completion, the effective equity interest of the Group in
                   Chesir Luzhai will be diluted from approximately 52.22% to approximately 47.48%. The effect of
                   the disposal on the equity attributable to the owners of the Company is as follows:

                                                                                                           RMB’000

                   Consideration received from non-controlling interests                                    500,000
                   Carrying amount of non-controlling interests disposed                                   (299,742)

                   Gain on disposal recognised directly in equity                                          200,258



200     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025




43. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (continued)
   (c)   Major non-cash transaction
         Additions to right-of-use assets during the year of approximately RMB45,455,000 (2024: RMB6,743,000)
         were financed by lease liabilities.

   (d) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
         The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including
         both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash
         flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows
         as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                                                                         Recognition
                                                                            Interest                                    of derivative
                                                   Entering               expenses/                                      components
                                                   into new                    lease    Acquisition   Derecognition    of convertible     Exchange
                                       1 January     leases Cash flows      charges of subsidiaries   of conversion            bonds    differences 31 December
                                        RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

         2025
         Bank loans and other
           borrowings (note 32)        1,729,012        —    5,497,841      236,290            372               —                —        25,649     7,489,164
         Convertible bonds
            (note 37)                   683,289         —     (324,758)      75,517              —           (8,405)              —        (13,033)    412,610
         Loan from a related
           company (note 33)                 —          —       68,388           42             —                —                —             —       68,430
         Lease liabilities (note 34)      8,945     45,455     (32,148)      11,910        410,487               —                —         (2,418)    442,231

                                       2,421,246    45,455   5,209,323      323,759        410,859           (8,405)              —        10,198     8,412,435

         2024
         Bank loans and other
           borrowings (note 32)          326,990        —     1,382,264      44,599              —               —                 —       (24,841)   1,729,012
         Convertible bonds
           (note 37)                     576,142        —       40,180       73,514              —               —           (10,864)        4,317      683,289
         Lease liabilities (note 34)       4,909     6,515      (2,707)         323              —               —                —            (95)       8,945

                                         908,041     6,515    1,419,737     118,436              —               —           (10,864)      (20,619)   2,421,246



   (e) Total cash outflow for leases
         Amounts included in the consolidated statement of cash flows for leases comprise the following:

                                                                                                                           2025                       2024
                                                                                                                         RMB’000                    RMB’000

         Within operating cash flows                                                                                        11,910                     4,180
         Within financing cash flows                                                                                        20,238                     2,384

         Represents lease rental paid                                                                                       32,148                     6,564




                                                                                                                                 2025 Annual Report       201
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025




44. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      (a) Transactions with related party
           Apart from disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the following is a summary
           of the related party transactions carried out in the normal course of business of the Group:

           (i)     Transactions with related party

                                                                                        2025             2024
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

                   Purchase of goods from related party                                      —           15,820
                   Interest expense paid to related company                                  42              —


           (ii)    Balances with related party

                                                                                        2025             2024
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

                   Loan from a related company                                          68,430                —
                   Deposit paid to a related party for purchase of
                     production equipment                                                    —           50,000
                   Trade payable due to related party                                        —           10,650


      (b) The remuneration of key management during the year was as follows:

                                                                                        2025             2024
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

           Salaries and allowances                                                        7,515            3,362
           Discretionary bonuses                                                          2,397              491
           Retirement benefit scheme contribution                                         1,145              116
                                                                                        11,057             3,969


45. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
      As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities (2024: RMB1,100,000).




202     Global New Material International Holdings Limited
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




46. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
   Capital commitments contracted for at the end of the reporting period but not yet incurred are as follows:

                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

   Property, plant and equipment                                                      789,314             686,063
   Intangible assets                                                                  142,671                  —
   Acquisition of worldwide global surface solution business                               —            5,187,000
                                                                                      931,985           5,873,063


47. LEASE COMMITMENTS
   The Group as lessee
   The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for office, office equipment and staff quarters. As at 31
   December 2025, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which
   the short-term lease expense disclosed in note 18.

48. EVENT AFTER REPORTING DATE
   (i)     On 6 January 2026, the Group completed the issuance of the Convertible Bond in an aggregate
           principal amount of HK$1,000,000,000. At the initial Conversion Price of HK$10.19 and no other
           shares are issued and are repurchased. The 2025 Convertible Bonds will be converted into 98,135,410
           conversion shares.

   (ii)    On 20 January 2026, the Group completed the acquisition of Chesir Pearl Minority Interest at the
           consideration of RMB69,021,350 which is settled by the issue of 9,571,649 new shares at the issue
           price of HK$8.01 per share.

   (iii)   On 2 February 2026, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, namely Shenzhen Chesir Pearl
           Technology Co., Ltd (“Shenzhen Chesir”) and Tonglu Liuan Equity Investment Partnership (Limited
           Partnership) (“Hongzun LLP”) set up Tonglu Junheng Equity Investment Partnership (Limited
           Partnership) (the “Junheng LLP”) which is a limited partnership established in the PRC. The principal
           activities of Junheng LLP are investment in equities and other investment activities with registered
           capital of RMB700 million with 40% from Shenzhen Chesir and 60% from Hongzun LLP. Shenzhen
           Chesir acts as a general partner for the Junheng LLP and is responsible for the daily operation.

           On 6 February 2026, a conditional share transfer agreement has been entered into between (a)
           Junheng LLP and (b) two major shareholders of Zhejiang Jihua Group Co., Ltd. (“Zhejiang Jihua”),
           pursuant to which, Junheng LLP has agreed to acquire, subject to the satisfaction of various
           conditions precedent, from the two major shareholders 202,308,716 ordinary shares of Zhejiang
           Jihua, representing 29.89% of the number of shares in issue of Zhejiang Jihua at the considieration of
           RMB1,494.5 million.

           For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement on 11 February 2026.



                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   203
FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY


A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the last five
years, as extracted from the published audited financial statements, is set forth below.

RESULTS
                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                  2025        2024         2023         2022         2021
                                                                RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

Revenue                                                        2,917,235    1,648,763    1,064,055      916,820      669,727
Cost of goods sold                                            (1,758,881)    (764,105)    (528,035)    (455,151)    (329,661)
Sales related tax and auxiliary charges                          (18,211)     (10,999)      (7,691)      (6,334)      (5,443)

Gross profit                                                   1,140,143     873,659      528,329      455,335      334,623

(Loss)/profit before tax                                        (200,500)    406,292      254,031      274,468      191,107
Income tax expense                                              (105,858)    (86,020)     (40,746)     (37,958)     (21,991)

(Loss)/profit for the year                                      (306,358)    320,272      213,285      236,510      169,116
(Loss)/profit attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                           (381,254)    242,176      181,578      223,788      162,026
Non-controlling interests                                         74,896      78,096       31,707       12,722        7,090
                                                                (306,358)    320,272      213,285      236,510      169,116


ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                                                   As of 31 December
                                                                  2025        2024         2023         2022         2021
                                                                RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

Total assets                                                  14,801,113    7,054,508    5,155,282    3,156,780    2,604,373
Total liabilities                                             10,327,642    2,701,383    1,070,137      613,544      261,720
                                                               4,473,471    4,353,125    4,085,145    2,543,326    2,342,653
Equity:
Equity attributable to owners of the Company                   3,151,727    3,376,497    3,156,490    2,357,440    2,169,489
Non-controlling interests                                      1,321,744      976,628      928,655      185,886      173,164
                                                               4,473,471    4,353,125    4,085,145    2,543,326    2,342,653




204      Global New Material International Holdings Limited
