       Stock Code 股份代號 : 1211




     CREATING




      FUTURE




   INNOVATION




2020 Interim Report 中期報告
                                                                                                                           BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   1




Interim Results for the Six Months Ended 30 June 2020 (the “Period”)

Revenue                                                                                         -2.00%                          to RMB58,028 million

Gross profit                                                                                    14.09%                          to RMB10,475 million

Profit attributable to owners of the parent                                                     14.29%                            to RMB1,662 million

Earnings per share                                                                              14.29%                                        to RMB0.56


Highlights

–     The launch of new technologies and products has kick-started a growth cycle for our new energy vehicle business.


–     The business scale of glass and ceramic doubled year-on-year while the new intelligent product business saw a rapid year-on-year growth.


–     The successful introduction of strategic investors for BYD semiconductor accelerated the execution of market-oriented strategy.
2   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




    Management Discussion & Analysis
    Industry Analysis and Review

    Automobile Business
    In the first half of 2020, the spread of the Novel Coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic across the globe, coupled with the continued trade friction
    between China and the US, have resulted in a drastic economic slowdown around the world, leading to rising uncertainty upon the global economic
    development and further conduced to a year-on-year decrease of 1.6% in the domestic GDP in the first half of the year. As the COVID-19 pandemic
    has been gradually and effectively contained in China in the second quarter, the economic growth rebounded from negative to positive, reflecting a
    downward turned upward trend, which indicated a stable recovery of the economy.


    According to the data from China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, the production and sales volume of automobiles in China were 10.112
    million and 10.257 million units in the first half of 2020, respectively, down by 16.8% and 16.9% year-on-year, respectively. Among which, the
    production and sales volume of new energy vehicles were 397,000 and 393,000, respectively, down by 36.5% and 37.4% year-on-year, respectively.


    In the first half of 2020, to thoroughly implement the central government’s socio-economic development strategy, local governments had introduced
    a series of stimulus policies including increase the vehicles purchase subsidies and new car registrations, to actively stabilize the automobile
    consumption. To support the high-quality development of new energy vehicle industry, in April 2020, the Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Industry and
    Information Technology, Ministry of Science and Technology and the National Development and Reform Commission jointly issued the “Notice on
    Improving the Financial Subsidies for the Promotion and Application of New Energy Automobiles”, which has extended the implementation period of
    the financial subsidies for the promotion and application of new energy vehicles to the end of 2022 through slowing the pace of subsidy phase-out
    to realize the stable and healthy development of the industry. In June 2020, five Ministries including Ministry of Industry and Information Technology
    issued “Decision for Amending Parallel Administrative Measures for Average Fuel Consumption of Passenger Vehicle Enterprises and New Energy
    Vehicles’ Credit Scores”, pursuant to the Decision, passenger vehicle enterprises assessed by credit scores that are composed of passenger vehicles’
    average fuel consumption credits and new energy vehicles credits are further improved, which further optimize the industry structure and accelerate
    the transformation and upgrades of the industry. Through way of marketization, the advantages and positions of leading manufacturers will be
    consolidated while weaker players in the industry will be eliminated, so as to ultimately achieve the long-term healthy development of new energy
    vehicle industry.


    Handset Components and Assembly Business
    According to the statistical data from IDC (a market research institution), global smartphone shipments in the first half of 2020 were 545.2 million
    units, down by 13.92% year-on-year. The China Academy of Information and Communications Technology announced that the mobile phone
    shipments in China amounted to 153 million units in the first half of 2020, down by 17.7% year-on-year. Among them, the total 5G mobile phone
    shipments amounted to 63.597 million units, accounting for 41.5%. In June, the market share of 5G mobile phone reached 61.2%, the new growth
    point of which attracted attentions from the market. According to the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, by the end of June this
    year, the country’s three major telecom operators had constructed and opened more than 400,000 5G base stations nationwide. In the future, the
    coverage of 5G network will continue to expand and the production and sales volume as well as the penetration rate of 5G mobile phones will increase
    continuously.
                                                                                                                           BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   3




                                   Management Discussion & Analysis
On the other hand, the COVID-19 pandemic has boosted the entire stay-at-home economy where the demand for remote work, education and leisure
was driving the demand for smart products from smart home devices to tablets. Market-leading technology providers that offer a wide range of smart
product options will be better positioned to capitalize on the market opportunity. According to the latest data from market research firm IDC, global
tablets PCs sales grew 0.8% year-on-year in the first half of 2020, in particular, with a year-on-year increase of 18.6% in the second quarter. The
sales volume of iPad exceeded 12 million units.


Rechargeable Batteries and Photovoltaic Business
In the first half of 2020, under the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the global sales volume of consumer electronics continued to decline while
market demands of lithium battery remained weak. The global photovoltaic markets were under different levels of impact due to the outbreak of the
COVID-19 pandemic in the second quarter. As for the domestic market, under the situation of pandemic, domestic newly installed photovoltaic capacity
amounted to 3.95 GW in the first quarter, down by 24.0% year-on-year. In the second quarter of 2020, the domestic market showed significant signs
of recovery. According to the data released by the National Energy Administration, China recorded an additional photovoltaic installed capacity of
approximately 11.52 GW in the first half of 2020, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.1%.


Business Review

BYD Company Limited (“BYD” or “the Company” together with its subsidiaries, “the Group”) is principally engaged in automobile business which
includes new energy vehicles and traditional fuel-engined vehicles, handset components and assembly services, rechargeable battery and photovoltaic
business, as well as the urban rail transit business segment which the Group has actively developed. In the first half of 2020, the Group achieved
revenue of approximately RMB58,028 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.00%, among which, the revenue from the automobile
business and related products amounted to approximately RMB30,418 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 5.65%; the revenue from
the handset components and assembly business amounted to approximately RMB22,991 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.05%;
the revenue from the rechargeable batteries and photovoltaic business was approximately RMB4,619 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
16.19%. The three major business segments accounted for 52.42%, 39.62% and 7.96% of the Group’s total revenue, respectively.


Automobile Business
As a leader in the global new energy vehicle market with core technologies of new energy vehicles and market-leading position, BYD actively seized
the development opportunities in the market of new energy vehicles and further improved customers’ driving experiences by comprehensively improved
the product appearance, interior decoration, intellectualization as well as human-computer interaction of the vehicles, thus continuously strengthened
products’ competitiveness and enhanced the brand influence, therefore to rapidly promote the development of new energy vehicle business. In the
first half of 2020, due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the sales volume of new energy vehicle industry dropped significantly year-on-year.
Although the sales volume of the new energy vehicles of the Group also significantly declined year-on-year, but it still remained one of the highest in
the world.
4   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




    Management Discussion & Analysis
    In the field of new energy vehicles, with the increasingly fierce market competition, the Group firmly grasped the key core technologies of new energy
    vehicles and continued to launch competitive models, paving a solid way for establishment of Chinese ethnic brand and realization of self-reliance
    through technological breakthroughs and innovation. In March 2020, BYD released and mass-produced its next-generation battery product, the “Blade
    Battery,” which redefined the safety standards for new energy vehicle industry by passing the nail penetration test, the so-called “Mount Everest” in
    the respect of safety testing for power batteries. In June 2020, the Group launched its global ultra-safe and intelligent new energy flagship model,
    “Han”, which is the Group’s first model that equipped with the “Blade Battery” and “High Performance Silicon Carbide Motor Control Module”. With
    the integration of three advantages including safety, performance, and luxury, the model has been well-received by the market and secured a large
    number of orders for its excellent interior and exterior design and decoration as well as outstanding performance. Affected by the COVID-19 pandemic,
    the Group’s new energy vehicle models will be launched in the second half of the year.


    In the field of electric buses, the Group continued to actively engaged in the global public transport electrification. With reliable technology and superior
    quality, BYD’s electric buses have been widely recognised around the world. Despite affecting by the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic overseas, the
    Group’s electric buses business in overseas markets still realised rapid growth in the first half of 2020, successfully completing the delivery of orders
    to Spain, Sweden, India, Japan and other countries. In terms of domestic market, BYD continuously allocated electric coaches in Zhongshan, Xi’an,
    Hangzhou, Liuzhou and other cities in the first half of the year, based on the existed market and seek for expanding new ones. The sales volume of
    electric buses of the Group achieved a significant year-on-year growth in the first half of 2020.


    In the field of fuel-engined vehicles, in the first half of 2020, the Group’s traditional fuel-engined vehicle business achieved growth despite adverse
    trend, with the sales volume of fuel-engined vehicles amounted to approximately 100,000 units. In particular, the sale momentum of the new model
    “Song Pro” remained robust, which continued to facilitate the growth in fuel-engined vehicle business of the Group.


    In field of urban rail transit, the Group continued to actively promote low-carbon and environmentally friendly urban rail transit products while
    implement and operate the confirmed orders. In the first half of 2020, with the accelerated construction of the domestic “Skyshuttle” project, the
    two major projects located in Bishan, Chongqing and Pingshan, Shenzhen have made significant progress. Meanwhile, the “Skyrail” project also
    successively obtained a phase 2 contract for the construction of the first cross-sea “Skyrail” from Salvador in Brazil and a contract with Brazil’s Sao
    Paulo Metro to provide rail transit of the Line 17 project of Sao Paulo.


    During the Period, BYD marked an important milestone of strategic deployment for marketization: BYD Semiconductor took the critical step of strategic
    deployment in marketization of BYD by successively introducing well-known domestic and foreign institutional investor and industry investors as
    strategic investors. As the biggest automotive grade IGBT manufacturer with the most sophisticated applications in China, BYD Semiconductor has
    been working in the IGBT field for more than 10 years, and it has broke up overseas technological monopoly through the comprehensive industrial
    chain, which covered the design and manufacture of IGBT chips, IGBT module package as well as the testing and application technologies. In the
    future, the Group will make full use of the industrial resources held by the collaborative and strategic investors and thus facilitate BYD Semiconductor
    for expanding its external customers base and cooperation project.


    Moreover, under the situation of the severe domestic outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in the beginning of the year, BYD, as a representative of
    “made in China,” rapidly integrated its resources to support the production of facial masks and now ranked as the biggest facial mask manufacturer
    in the world. The Group not only settled its own needs of daily operation and production, but also managed to support the demands of the public.
    BYD demonstrated its corporate spirit, strong social responsibility and remarkable R&D ability, production capacity, as well as executive capability.
    Meanwhile, the good reputation of the Group’s automobile business in the overseas market, its global marketing and service capability and cooperation
    network with customers have together made positive contribution to the Group’s revenue from the sales of facial masks.
                                                                                                                              BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   5




                                    Management Discussion & Analysis
Handset Components and Assembly Business
The Group is an international leading enterprise in high-end manufacturing, providing customers with one-stop services, which integrated product
research and development, innovative materials, components, manufacturing of finished products, supply chain management and logistics, as well as
after-sales service. The Group offers a wide variety of businesses ranging from smartphones, smart wearables, computers, to automotive intelligent
systems, the Internet of Things (IoT), smart home, gaming hardware, robots, unmanned aerial vehicles, communication equipment, electronic
atomization to medical devices. Leveraging on its industry-leading R&D and manufacturing capabilities, diversified product portfolio and high-quality
customer resources, the Group’s business has entered a new round of rapid growth cycle.

In the first half of 2020, despite continuous unstable Sino-US relations coupled with depressed market sentiment caused by the COVID-19 pandemic,
the Group adhered to an active market expansion strategy by continuously developing new businesses, introducing new customers and increasing
market shares, thus led to a significant growth in both revenue and profit. During the period, benefiting from the increasing share of existing major
clients, shipments of high-end smartphones and tablet PCs increased while shipment of glass and ceramic products doubled on the year-on-year
basis. The new intelligent product business segment introduced new customers to facilitate future business growth. In respect of the medical protection
products business, with concerted and ceaseless effort of the Group and leveraging on the Group’s well-developed OEM experience and product design
capability, the Group was able to complete product line deployment for crossover products and realise mass production in an extremely short time.
Meanwhile, the Group’s profitability further enhanced, benefiting from the overall improved operating efficiency and optimized product portfolio.

Rechargeable Batteries and Photovoltaic Business
The Group’s rechargeable batteries mainly include lithium-ion batteries and iron batteries products, which are widely used in mobile phones, electronic
tools and other portable electronic devices. During the Period, the Group’s traditional battery business achieved steady growth. In respect of the
photovoltaic business, although the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic overseas affected business expansion to a certain extent, the photovoltaic
business still achieved a rapid growth in sales revenue thanks to the successful completion of the overseas delivery of orders. In addition, benefiting
from the decline in raw material prices, the loss was greatly improved. In the first half of 2020, the revenue from the Group’s battery business and
photovoltaic business amounted to approximately RMB4,619 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.19%.

Prospect and Strategy

Looking forward to the second half of 2020, the situation of global COVID-19 pandemic may still remain severe, coupled with the intensifying trade
frictions among major economies, the risks of global economic slowdown will continue to increase. However, with the global automobile manufacturers
speed up their electrified deployment pace, the global electrification trend accelerated. Domestically, as the COVID-19 pandemic has been basically
under control, economic operations have been recovering steadily, market expectations are generally positive and the industrial structure continues to
optimize, which provides a good environment for the recovery of the new energy vehicle industry.

Automobile Business
As a global leader in the new energy vehicle industry, rely on the advanced technologies accumulated over the time, BYD will actively innovate
based on both technologies and products, therefore facilitate the industry to move forward. In the field of system integration, the Group will launch
the “DM 4.0” new hybrid power system to introduce the era of parity—the pricing parity between the new energy vehicles and internal combustion
engines. In terms of battery business, the Group will enhance overall vehicle safety by the application of the “Blade Battery”. Last but not the least, for
electric control business, the Group will accelerate the application of Silicon-Carbide, enhance the performance of vehicles and further improve the
comprehensive competitiveness of vehicle models.

In the second half of 2020, with the launch of new models, the Group’s new energy vehicle business is expected to recover continuously. Following
the new model “Han”, the new model “Song Plus” will also be unveiled in the second half of the year, which further perfect the product series’
competitiveness in specific business segment. In addition, the Group will also introduce modified models such as “Tang”, “e2” and “e3”. With the
launching of the Group’s new energy vehicle products, the application of innovative technologies and the release of new models, the new energy
vehicle business is expected to be incremental.
6   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




    Management Discussion & Analysis
    In the field of public transportation, BYD is actively developing overseas markets with the commitment to promoting zero emissions. BYD will continue
    to push forward the electrification of urban public transportation at home and abroad, to complete orders obtained with excellent quality, achieve
    further business growth and increase the penetration rate of new energy vehicles in the global public transportation market.


    In the field of internal combustion engines, the Group will innovate continuously, further improve product performance and enhance product
    comprehensive competitiveness. In the second half of 2020, the Group will launch a new generation of 1.5T high-power engine, which signals a key
    breakthrough in BYD’s core technology.


    In the field of rail transit, with rapid development of the “New Infrastructure”, the Group will focus on the promotion of low-carbon and
    environment-friendly urban rail transit products, continue to facilitate the construction progress of domestic and overseas projects. It is expected that
    such businesses will bring new increments to the Group’s revenue and earnings.


    In the future, BYD’s semiconductor business will focus on automotive grade semiconductor, and promote the development of semiconductor products
    in industrial and consumption fields simultaneously, devoted to become a provider of efficient, smart and integrated new semiconductors. The Group
    will propelled I.P.O. process of the semiconductor business, therefore to build an independent operation platform, improve its independence and
    promote the increments and development of the business. Subsequently, the Group will foster more subsidiaries with market-competitiveness to spin-
    off and share listing, further embody the market potential of BYD’s businesses and enhance the overall value of the Group.


    Handset Components and Assembly Business
    In the second half of the year, as the progress of 5G construction continues, the coverage of 5G network will further expand and the production,
    sales volume as well as the penetration rate of 5G mobile phones will increase simultaneously, therefore resulted in the handset business of Group to
    maintain a good momentum. The increasing shipment of 5G mobile phones and the fast-growing business of glass products will further enhance the
    gross profit margin. With the rapid increase in the shipment of core products with major customer from North America, the business scale will expand
    significantly. Meanwhile, business of wearable products grew rapidly, which will lead to further growth in shipment of products including metal, glass
    and ceramic.


    The application of technologies including 5G and artificial intelligence, the upgrade of intelligent products and the diversified usage scenarios, leading
    to niche markets. The huge growth potentials in areas of the Internet of Things (IoT), smart home, gaming hardware, robots, unmanned aerial vehicles,
    electronic atomization, commercial equipment and industrial control, etc. will be further released with promising future. Relying on strong capabilities
    in R&D, manufacturing and vertical integration, the Group is able to provide overall solutions for clients, which leads to greater advantages to grasp
    market development opportunities, expand its market and customer base, and will continuously increase market share. In the second half of the year,
    the businesses across the new intelligent products will maintain their strong growth momentum. In particular, owing to the continuous growth in
    product supply such as unmanned aerial vehicles, robotic vacuum cleaners and electronic atomization equipment, the business will achieve sustained
    and rapid growth.
                                                                                                                                        BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   7




                                       Management Discussion & Analysis
In respect of automotive intelligent systems, as users have got used to cloud services and intelligent network, automobiles will provide the main access
to connect with users in the future. In February 2020, 11 ministries and commissions including NDRC, Ministry of Science and Technology and MIIT
jointly issued the Intelligent Automobiles Innovation Development Strategy（《智能汽車創新發展戰略》）, which clarifies the visions and major
missions for China to develop the intelligent automobile strategy. It is expected that between 2035 and 2050, standard intelligent automobile system
of China will be fully established and further improved. Intelligent automobile industry will be entering a phase of rapid development. On the basis of
support from the automotive intelligent system business, the Group’s multimedia systems and communication systems will also be shipped to external
customers in China, Japan, the United States and Europe to contribute the Group with diversified sources of incomes. Meanwhile, the Group will
continue to increase investment in research and development, keep broadening its product lines, and build technical barriers, leading the industry with
scientific product matrix and excellent product quality.


Rechargeable Batteries and Photovoltaic Business
In terms of rechargeable batteries, the Group will actively gain incremental market share in relevant markets through new technology and the business
development of new clients. On the part of the photovoltaic business, with the coming era of pricing parity for grid connection, demand from overseas
markets has increased. The Group will take this as an opportunity to proactively expand overseas markets.


Estimated Operating Results from January to September 2020

 Change of net profit attributable to owners of the parent from January to                  77.86%                         to                           90.56%
 September 2020

 Change (in range) of net profit attributable to owners of the parent (RMB10,000)          280,000                         to                          300,000
 from January to September 2020

 Net profit attributable to owners of the parent (RMB10,000) from January to                                            157,430
 September 2020

 Reasons for changes in results                                                     In the third quarter of 2020, the situation of pandemic prevention and control
                                                                                    in China is remaining positive, and the vehicle industry is recovering steadily.
                                                                                    Benefiting from the launch of new models such as “Han” of the Group and
                                                                                    the resumption of the industry, it is expected that the sales volume of new
                                                                                    energy vehicles and revenue will improve significantly, thus boosting the
                                                                                    recovery growth of revenue of the Group. In respect of the fuel-engined vehicles
                                                                                    business, the sale momentum of the new model “Song Pro” remained robust,
                                                                                    which is expected to made continuously steady contribution to the sales volume
                                                                                    of fuel-engined vehicles.
                                                                                    In respect of the handset components and assembly business, shipment of core
                                                                                    products from major customer overseas in assembly business rapidly increases,
                                                                                    which makes new increments to the Group’s business; shipment of glass
                                                                                    and ceramic products grows rapidly, and share of major clients of the Group
                                                                                    continuously increases.
                                                                                    In the field of rail transit business, construction of projects at home and aboard
                                                                                    has made significant progress, and it is expected that such businesses will
                                                                                    explore new increments to the Group’s revenue and earnings.
                                                                                    In respect of the photovoltaic business, leveraging the Group’s good business
                                                                                    relationship, the number of orders from clients continues to increase and is
                                                                                    expected to improve the revenue.
                                                                                    Production of supplies for pandemic prevention is also expected to continuously
                                                                                    make positive contribution to the Group’s sales revenue and profit growth.
8   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




    Management Discussion & Analysis
    Financial Review

    Revenue and Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent
    During the Period, revenue decreased by 2.00% as compared to that of the first half of 2019, which is mainly due to the decline in sales volume of
    the new energy vehicles affected by the COVID-19 outbreak. Profit attributable to owners of the parent increased by 14.29% as compared to the same
    period last year, mainly due to enhanced overall operating efficiency and the increase in the gross profit of the new products.


    Segment Information
    The chart below sets out comparisons of the Group’s revenue by product category for the six months ended 30 June 2020 and 2019:

                                          8%                                                                     7%
    Rechargeable Batteries and Photovoltaic                                           Rechargeable Batteries and Photovoltaic



                  40%                                                                         39%
       Handset                                                           Handset Components
    Components                                                                           and
            and                                                             Assembly Services
      Assembly                                    2020                                                                 2019
       Services

                                                                   52%                                                                 54%
                                                                   Automobiles                                                         Automobiles
                                                                   and                                                                 and
                                                                   Related Products                                                    Related
                                              First half of 2020                                                 First half of 2019
                                                                                                                                       Products


    During the Period, the proportion of automobiles and related products, and the proportion of handset components and assembly business and that of
    rechargeable batteries and photovoltaic business basically remained unchanged.


    Gross Profit and Margin
    During the Period, the Group’s gross profit increased by approximately 14.09% to approximately RMB10,475 million. Gross profit margin increased
    from approximately 15.50% in the first half of 2019 to approximately 18.05% during the Period. The increase in gross profit margin was mainly due to
    the changes in product structure.
                                                                                                                                BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   9




                                    Management Discussion & Analysis
Liquidity and Financial Resources
During the Period, the Group recorded an operating cash inflow of approximately RMB15,538 million, compared with an operating cash outflow of
approximately RMB2,064 million in the first half of last year. The increase in the cash inflow of the Group recorded during the Period was mainly
due to the increase in cash generated from the sales of goods and provision of services in operating activities. Total borrowings as at 30 June 2020,
including all bank loans, bond payables and other secured loans, were approximately RMB67,419 million, compared with approximately RMB75,978
million as at 31 December 2019. The maturity profile of bank loans, bond payables and other secured loans spread over a period of eleven years, with
approximately RMB41,722 million repayable within one year and approximately RMB25,596 million repayable within the second to the fifth years and
approximately RMB101 million over five years. The Group maintained adequate cash to meet its daily liquidity management and capital expenditure
requirements and controlled its internal operating cash flows.


Turnover days of receivables (including trade receivables, trade receivable financing, amounts due from joint ventures and associates, and amounts
due from related parties) were approximately 187 days for the six months ended 30 June 2020, compared to approximately 202 days for the same
period in 2019, which was mainly due to the decrease of receivables in average was higher than that of sales revenue over the same period. Turnover
days of inventory were approximately 103 days for the six months ended 30 June 2020, compared to approximately 100 days for the same period in
2019, which showed no significant changes.


In 2016, the Company issued medium term notes at par of RMB200 million and RMB400 million on 24 February 2016 and 26 February 2016,
respectively, with a total amount of RMB600 million (RMB595.8 million after deducting listing expenses). The current medium-term notes have a term
of 5+N years. On or after the fifth interest payment date, the issuer has the right to redeem the current medium-term notes at par plus accrued interest
(including any deferred interest payments). If the issuer decides to exercise the redemption rights, the issuer shall publish the Announcement of Early
Redemption through media one month before the redemption and the redemption process shall be completed by the Shanghai Clearing House as the
agent. For the current medium-term notes, the coupon interest rate of the first 5 years for which interest is accruable is 5.1% per annum. If the issuer
does not exercise the redemption rights, the coupon interest rate will be adjusted to the then base rate plus initial spread and 300 basis points from the
6th year and remains unchanged from the 6th year to the 10th year for which interest is accruable. The coupon interest rate is reset every 5 years.


The Company issued two tranches of perpetual loans on 22 August 2017 and 18 October 2017, respectively, with a total principal amount of
RMB3,300 million. The loans will have a perpetual term until redemption by the Company in accordance with the terms of issuance and will mature
at the redemption by the Company. At the third maturity date and each maturity date thereafter, the Company has the right to redeem the notes with
a principal amount plus all deferred interest. The initial loan interest rates are the first year of these trust loan annual interest rates were 6.30% and
6.16% respectively, the trust loan annual interest rates of the second and third year were based on the differences between the previous interest rate
adjustment date and the date of one-year SHIBOR plus the annual interest rate on trust loans of the first year, respectively. If the Company will not
redeem the loans, the interest rate will be reset every year after the first three years. The interest rate for the first extended year will be reset to the
last effective interest rate plus 300 basis points per annum. Thereafter, the interest rate for each year will be reset to the effective interest rate of the
previous period plus 300 basis points per annum until the interest rate reaches 18%.
10   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




     Management Discussion & Analysis
     The Company issued renewable bonds on 21 June 2019 with a total principal amount of RMB500 million. The loan will have a term of 2+N years. On
     or after the second interest payment date, the issuer shall have the option to extend the maturity of the bonds for one additional cycle (i.e., two years)
     or to pay in full at the end of that cycle. The issuer is not limited by the number of times it may exercise its option to renew the term, but it shall publish
     an announcement of exercise of the option through media at least 30 trading days prior to the interest payment date in the exercise year of the option
     to renew the term.


     On 28 June 2020, Gongrong Jintou No.2 (Tianjin) Equity Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (工融金投二號（天津）股權投資合
     夥企業（有限合夥）) entered into the Credit Asset Transfer Agreement with the Shenzhen Pingshan Branch of the Industrial and Commercial Bank
     of China Limited (“ICBC Pingshan Branch”), which stipulated that the ICBC Pingshan Branch shall transfer to Gongrong Jintou No.2 (Tianjin) Equity
     Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership)* the bonds with a principal amount of RMB200 million entitled to BYD Auto Industry Co., Ltd. under
     the Credit Asset Transfer Agreement. On the same date, Gongrong Jintou No.2 (Tianjin) Equity Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership)*
     and ICBC Pingshan Branch entered into the Convertible and Renewable Bonds Agreement with BYD Auto Industry Co., Ltd.. The expected term of the
     convertible and renewable bonds shall be 6 months+1+N years. From and including the commencement date of the convertible and renewable bonds
     till the expiring date of the expected term of the convertible and renewable bonds, the convertible and renewable bonds bear an interest rate of 4% per
     annum.


     Capital Structure
     The Group’s Financial Division is responsible for the Group’s financial risk management which operates according to policies implemented and
     approved by the senior management. As at 30 June 2020, borrowings were primarily settled in Renminbi, while cash and cash equivalents were
     primarily held in Renminbi and US dollars. The Group plans to maintain an appropriate mix of share capital and debt to ensure an efficient capital
     structure during the Period. As at 30 June 2020, the Group’s outstanding loans included Renminbi loans and foreign currency loans and approximately
     61% (31 December 2019: 72%) of such outstanding loans were at fixed interest rates, with the remaining at floating interest rates.


     The Group monitors its capital by using the gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by equity. The Group’s policy is to maintain the gearing ratio as
     low as possible. Net debt includes interest-bearing bank and other borrowings less cash and cash equivalents. Equity represents equity attributable to
     owners of the parent. Therefore, the gearing ratios of the Group were 100% and 124% as at 30 June 2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively.


     As at 30 June 2020, land and buildings with net carrying amount value of RMB209,788 thousand (31 December 2019: RMB209,019 thousand)
     and transit equipment of RMB1,943 thousand (31 December 2019: RMB2,088 thousand) have been pledged as securities for the long term loans
     of RMB129,465 thousand (31 December 2019: RMB132,102 thousand) granted to the Group, of which RMB7,221 thousand (31 December 2019:
     RMB7,091 thousand) was long term loans due within a year. In addition, as at 30 June 2020, a pledged bank deposit of RMB136,996 thousand (31
     December 2019: RMB837,921 thousand) and a restricted bank deposit of RMB384,026 thousand were pledged for bank bills, guarantee deposits and
     others.
                                                                                                                                BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   11




                                      Management Discussion & Analysis
Foreign Exchange Risk
Most of the Group’s income and expenditure are settled in Renminbi and US dollars. During the Period, the Group did not experience any significant
difficulties in or impacts on its operations or liquidity due to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. The Directors believe that the Group has sufficient
foreign exchange to meet its own foreign exchange requirements and will adopt practical and effective measures to prevent exposure to exchange rate
risk.


Employment, Training and Development
As at 30 June 2020, the Group had employed approximately 249.9 thousand employees. During the Period, total staff cost accounted for
approximately 19.01% of the Group’s revenue. Employees’ remuneration was determined based on their performance, qualification and prevailing
industry practices, with compensation policies being reviewed on a regular basis. Bonuses and commissions may also be awarded to employees based
on their annual performance appraisal. Incentives were offered to encourage personal development.


Share Capital

As at 30 June 2020, the share capital of the Company was as follows:


                                                                                                           Number of                           Approximate
                                                                                                        shares issued                        percentage (%)
  A shares                                                                                              1,813,142,855                                      66.46
  H shares                                                                                                915,000,000                                      33.54
  Total                                                                                                 2,728,142,855                                     100.00


Significant Investment Held and Material Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries, Associates and
Joint Ventures

During the reporting period, there was no significant investment held, material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.


Capital Commitments

Please refer to note 14 to the financial statements for details of capital commitments.


Contingent Liabilities

Please refer to note 13 to the financial statements for details of contingent liabilities.


Events after the Reporting Period

Please refer to note 17 to the financial statements for details of events after the Reporting Period.
12   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




     Supplementary Information
     Corporate Governance

     Compliance with Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”)
     The Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) is committed to maintaining and ensuring high standards of corporate governance practices.


     The Board has emphasized on maintaining a quality Board with various expertise among directors, high transparency and an effective system for
     accountability, in order to enhance shareholders’ value. The Board is of the view that the Company has complied with the applicable code provisions of
     the Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules during the Period except for the following deviation:


     Code A.2.1
     Code A.2.1 stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual.


     Mr. Wang Chuan-fu is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Board considers that this structure will not impair the balance
     of rights and authorities between the Board and the management. The Board of the Company comprises experienced and high calibre individuals
     and meets regularly every three months to discuss issues affecting operations of the Group. Through the operation of the Board, a sufficient balance
     between rights and authorities is assured. The Board believes that this structure is conducive to a strong and consistent leadership, enabling the Group
     to make and implement decisions promptly and efficiently. The Board has full confidence in Mr. Wang and believes his appointment to the posts of
     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is beneficial to the business development of the Company.


     Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 to
     the Listing Rules as the code of conduct regarding directors’ securities transactions. After making specific enquiries to all directors, all directors have
     confirmed that they have complied with the required standards set out in the Model Code during the Period.


     Disclosure Pursuant to Rule 13.51B (1) of the Listing Rules
     Since the publication of the latest annual report of the Company, there is no other information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B (1) of
     the Listing Rules.


     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
     During the six months ended 30 June 2020, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any listed securities of the
     Company.


     The Board Diversity Policy
     The Board has adopted the Board Diversity Policy, which sets out the approach to diversity of Board members. The Company recognizes the
     importance of diversity to corporate governance and an effective Board. The Board Diversity Policy aims to set out the approach to achieve Board
     diversity, so as to ensure that the Board members possess appropriate skills, experience and diverse views necessary for the business of the Company.
     In determining the Board composition, the Board and the Nomination Committee consider a range of diversity elements, including but not limited to
     gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills and knowledge. All appointments of the Board will be made based on
     merit and objective criteria while taking into full account of the interest of Board’s diversity.


     The selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity elements and measurable objectives which will be reviewed regularly. Such
     measurable objectives shall include, but not be limited to, gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills, knowledge
     and/or terms of service. The final decision will be made according to the strengths of the candidate and his/her contribution that he/she would bring to
     the Board.
                                                                                                                                            BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   13




                                                                      Supplementary Information
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-executive directors and one non-executive director. A meeting was convened by the
Company’s Audit Committee on 28 August 2020 to review the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Group and to discuss matters of
auditing, internal control, risk management and financial reporting (including the financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2020) before
making recommendations to the Board for approval of the relevant matters.


The Audit Committee has reviewed the results of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2020.


Interim Dividend
The Board did not recommend the payment of interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2020. (For the six months ended 30 June 2019: Nil)


Directors’, Supervisors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests

As at 30 June 2020, the interests and short positions of each of the directors, supervisors and chief executives of the Company in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”)) which were required to be notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests which were taken or deemed to be
owned under the relevant provisions of the SFO), or which were required to be recorded in the register specified in section 352 of the SFO, or which
were required to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code of Securities Transactions by Directors
of Listed Issuers under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (for this purpose, the relevant provisions of the
SFO will be interpreted as applicable to the supervisors) were as follows:


A Shares of RMB1.00 each

                                                                                           Approximate percentage of                 Approximate percentage of
                                                                                                         shareholding in                                shareholding in
                                                                                                        the total number                                 the total issued
Name                                                      Number of A shares                     of issued A shares (%)                               share capital (%)


Wang Chuan-fu (Director)                                       513,623,850 (L)                                     28.33%                                            18.83%
                                                                         (Note 1)
Lv Xiang-yang (Director)                                       401,910,480 (L)                                     22.17%                                            14.73%
                                                                         (Note 2)
Xia Zuo-quan (Director)                                          98,377,500 (L)                                     5.43%                                             3.61%


(L) – Long Position


Notes:


1.       The 513,623,850 A shares did not comprise the 3,727,700 A shares held by Mr. Wang in Zengchi No.1 Assets Management Plan through E Fund Asset BYD.


2.       Of the 401,910,480 A shares, 239,228,620 A shares were held by Mr. Lv in his personal capacity and 162,681,860 A shares were held by Youngy Investment
         Holding Group Co., Ltd. (融捷投資控股集團有限公司) (“Youngy Investment”). Youngy Investment was in turn held by Mr. Lv and his spouse as to 89.5% and
         10.5% of equity interest, respectively. Mr. Lv was therefore deemed to be interested in such 162,681,860 A shares under the SFO.
14   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




     Supplementary Information
     H shares of RMB1.00 each

                                                                                            Approximate percentage of                Approximate percentage of
                                                                                                          shareholding in                          shareholding in
                                                                                                        the total number                           the total issued
     Name                                                   Number of H shares                    of issued H shares (%)                         share capital (%)


     Wang Chuan-fu (Director)                                       1,000,000 (L)                                   0.11%                                    0.04%
     Xia Zuo-quan (Director)                                          500,000 (L)                                   0.05%                                    0.02%
                                                                          (Note 1)


     (L) – Long Position


     Notes:


     Of the 500,000 H shares, 195,000 H shares were held by Mr. Xia as a beneficial owner and 305,000 H shares were held by Sign Investments Limited, which was wholly-
     owned by Mr. Xia.


     Saved as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2020, none of the directors, supervisors or chief executives of the Company had an interest or short position
     in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which
     was required to be (a) recorded in the register to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (b) notified to the Company and the
     Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers.
                                                                                                                                  BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   15




                                                                 Supplementary Information
Shareholders with Notifiable Interests

As at 30 June 2020, to the best knowledge of the Directors of the Company, the following persons (other than the directors, supervisors and chief
executives of the Company) had interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company which were required to be disclosed to
the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or entered in the register kept by the
Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:


1.    A shares of RMB1.00 each

                                                                                      Approximate percentage of               Approximate percentage of
                                                                                                   shareholding in                            shareholding in
                                                                                                  the total number                             the total issued
      Name                                            Number of A shares                   of issued A shares (%)                           share capital (%)


      Youngy Investment (Note 1)                           162,681,860 (L)                                    8.97%                                         5.96%


     (L) – Long Position


     Notes:


      Youngy Investment was owned by Mr. Lv Xiang-yang, a non-executive director of the Company as to 89.5%. Mr. Lv was therefore deemed to be interested in the
      162,681,860 A shares held by Youngy Investment under the SFO.
16   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




     Supplementary Information
     2.      H shares of RMB1.00 each

                                                                                                      Approximate percentage of                  Approximate percentage of
                                                                                                                    shareholding in                           shareholding in
                                                                                                                  the total number                            the total issued
             Name                                                   Number of H shares                     of issued H shares (%)                           share capital (%)


             Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Note 1)                             225,000,000 (L)                                    24.59%                                      8.25%
             Berkshire Hathaway Energy (Note 1)                           225,000,000 (L)                                    24.59%                                      8.25%
             Li Lu (Note 2)                                                75,387,200 (L)                                      8.24%                                     2.76%
             LL Group, LLC (Note 2)                                        75,387,200 (L)                                      8.24%                                     2.76%
             Citigroup Inc. (Note 3)                                       46,354,277 (L)                                      5.06%                                     1.70%
                                                                           14,347,149 (S)                                      1.56%                                     0.53%
                                                                           22,197,235 (P)                                      2.42%                                     0.81%


             (L) – Long Position (S) – Short Position (P) – Lending Port


             Notes:


             1.       Berkshire Hathaway Inc. was deemed to be interested in 225,000,000 H shares (L) through its controlled corporation, Berkshire Hathaway Energy Company
                      (formerly known as MidAmerican Energy Holdings Company) which directly held 225,000,000 H shares.


             2.       LL Group, LLC was deemed to be interested in 75,387,200 H shares (L) through its controlled corporation, Himalaya Capital Investors, L.P. (formerly known
                      as LL Investment Partners, L.P.). Li Lu, being the controlling shareholder of Capital Investors, L.P. (formerly known as LL Group, LLC), was also deemed to
                      be interested in 75,387,200 H shares (L).


             3.       Citigroup Inc. held a total of 46,354,277 H shares of the Company in long position and 14,347,149 H shares of the Company in short position through
                      corporation under its control, among which:


                      (a)      24,157,042 H shares in long position and 14,347,149 H shares in short position were held as interest of controlled corporation, 22,197,235 H
                               shares in long position were held as an approved lending agent;


                      (b)      among the 46,354,277 H shares in long position, 22,197,235 H shares were available for lending, 2,276 H shares were held through listed
                               derivatives settled in specie, 1,014,903 H shares were held through unlisted derivatives settled in specie, 5,010,500 H shares were held through
                               cash-settled unlisted derivatives;


                      (c)      among the 14,347,149 H shares in short position, 451,519 H shares were held through unlisted derivatives settled in specie, 22,000 H shares were
                               held through cash-settled unlisted derivatives;


                      (d)      12,294,954 H shares in long position and 7,164,608 H shares in short position were held by Citigroup Global Markets Limited. Citigroup Global
                               Markets Limited is wholly owned by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Bahamas Limited, which is owned as to 90% by Citigroup Financial Products
                               Inc. Citigroup Financial Products Inc. is wholly owned by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., which is wholly owned by Citigroup Inc. Therefore,
                               Citigroup Inc. is deemed to be interested in the shares held by Citigroup Global Markets Limited under the SFO.


             As at 30 June 2020, the total issued share capital of the Company was RMB2,728,142,855, divided into 1,813,142,855 A shares of RMB1.00
             each and 915,000,000 H shares of RMB1.00 each, all of which have been fully paid up.
                                                                                         BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   17



                                        Interim Condensed
                    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss                     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2020



                                                                  Notes         2020                                 2019
                                                                          (Unaudited)                        (Unaudited)
                                                                            RMB’ 000                           RMB’ 000


REVENUE                                                             4     58,028,041                        59,214,976


Cost of sales                                                             (47,553,421)                     (50,034,172)


Gross profit                                                              10,474,620                          9,180,804


Other income and gains                                                       975,863                             944,769
Government grants and subsidies                                              726,114                             899,830
Selling and distribution expenses                                          (2,005,390)                       (2,300,530)
Research and development costs                                             (2,525,361)                       (2,495,223)
Administrative expenses                                                    (2,069,828)                       (2,137,245)
Impairment losses on financial and contract assets                          (292,650)                           (207,992)
Loss on disposal of financial assets measured at amortised cost             (192,106)                           (263,813)
Other expenses                                                              (336,120)                             (53,221)
Finance costs                                                              (1,731,854)                       (1,601,399)
Share of profits and losses of:
   Joint ventures                                                             (71,435)                          (117,746)
   Associates                                                                 (23,772)                             25,414


PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                                   5      2,928,081                          1,873,648
Income tax expense                                                  6       (544,658)                           (225,342)


PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                                      2,383,423                          1,648,306


Attributable to:
   Owners of the parent                                                    1,662,430                          1,454,573
   Non-controlling interests                                                 720,993                             193,733


                                                                           2,383,423                          1,648,306


EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
   HOLDERS OF THE PARENT                                            8
Basic and diluted
   – For profit for the period                                              RMB0.56                             RMB0.49
18   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




     Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2020



                                                                                            2020         2019
                                                                                      (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)
                                                                                        RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000


       PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                                           2,383,423    1,648,306


       OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME


       Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to profit or loss
           in subsequent periods:
       Trade receivable financing:
           Changes in fair value                                                           2,553       17,424
           Impairment losses                                                                (683)       (5,080)


                                                                                           1,870       12,344


       Exchange differences:
       Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                        (107,684)       (5,361)


       Net other comprehensive loss that may be reclassified to profit or loss
           in subsequent periods                                                        (105,814)        6,983


       Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
           in subsequent periods:
       Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income:
           Changes in fair value                                                        (114,299)     294,407
           Income tax effect                                                              28,575       (61,912)


       Net other comprehensive loss that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
           in subsequent periods                                                         (85,724)     232,495


       OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE PERIOD, NET OF TAX                              (191,538)     239,478


       TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD                                       2,191,885    1,887,784


       Attributable to:
           Owners of the parent                                                        1,473,154    1,693,300
           Non-controlling interests                                                     718,731      194,484


                                                                                       2,191,885    1,887,784
                                                                                             BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   19



                             Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                                                                   30 June 2020


                                                                      Notes   30 Jun 2020                     31 Dec 2019
                                                                               (Unaudited)                        (Audited)
                                                                                 RMB’ 000                        RMB’ 000

NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                           9      55,299,741                       55,296,009
Investment properties                                                              95,559                           96,902
Right-of-use assets                                                             7,349,015                        7,241,013
Goodwill                                                                           65,914                           65,914
Other intangible assets                                                        11,300,826                       11,887,635
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                 5,355,544                        5,303,154
Long-term receivables                                                           1,073,203                        1,240,340
Investments in joint ventures                                                   3,857,339                        3,105,145
Investments in associates                                                         919,599                          955,030
Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income             1,808,004                        1,922,304
Other non-current financial assets                                                 63,219                           46,608
Deferred tax assets                                                             1,598,866                        1,514,934

Total non-current assets                                                       88,786,829                       88,674,988

CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                                    27,794,288                       25,571,564
Contract assets                                                                 5,315,367                        6,986,619
Trade receivables                                                      10      41,890,801                       40,134,545
Trade receivable financing                                                      7,327,397                        7,009,379
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                 6,681,250                        6,078,455
Due from joint ventures and associates                                15(c)     3,428,086                        5,135,699
Due from other related parties                                        15(c)             1                                –
Completed property held for sale                                                3,110,147                        3,365,916
Derivative financial instruments                                                   60,923                           34,345
Pledged deposits                                                                  136,996                          837,921
Restricted bank deposits                                                          384,026                          137,865
Cash and cash equivalents                                                      12,720,294                       11,674,297

Total current assets                                                          108,849,576                     106,966,605

CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and bills payables                                               11      34,178,319                       35,340,662
Other payables and accruals                                                    12,879,377                       10,648,738
Lease liabilities                                                                 117,078                          219,040
Derivative financial instruments                                                   19,822                           34,307
Advances from customers                                                             1,300                            2,000
Contract liabilities                                                            8,351,568                        4,502,139
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                     41,722,125                       54,061,858
Due to joint ventures and associates                                  15(c)     1,404,704                        1,025,545
Due to other related parties                                          15(c)        93,769                          110,857
Tax payable                                                                       753,361                          259,607
Provision                                                                       1,840,228                        1,824,194

Total current liabilities                                                     101,361,651                     108,028,947

NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                              7,487,925                        (1,062,342)
20   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




     Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     30 June 2020



                                                                Notes   30 Jun 2020   31 Dec 2019
                                                                        (Unaudited)      (Audited)
                                                                          RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000


       TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                             96,274,754   87,612,646


       NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                        25,696,808   21,916,487
       Lease liabilities                                                   616,703       548,680
       Deferred tax liabilities                                            188,408       102,864
       Deferred income                                                    2,348,883     2,232,101
       Other liabilities                                                   211,094       211,094


       Total non-current liabilities                                     29,061,896   25,011,226


       Net assets                                                        67,212,858   62,601,420


       EQUITY
       Equity attributable to owners of the parent
       Share capital                                             12       2,728,143     2,728,143
       Reserves                                                          52,605,497   49,639,554
       Perpetual loans                                                    4,594,592     4,394,592


                                                                         59,928,232   56,762,289


       Non-controlling interests                                          7,284,626     5,839,131


       Total equity                                                      67,212,858   62,601,420




     Director                                        Director
     Wang Chuan-fu                                   Lv Xiang-yang
                                                                                                                                                                BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   21



                                Interim Condensed
       Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                                                                                         For the Six Months ended 30 June 2020


                                                                                 Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                               Fair value
                                                                              reserve of
                                                                                 financial
                                                                                assets at
                                                                               fair value        Statutory
                                                     Share                 through other          surplus        Exchange                                                        Non-
                                      Share       premium         Capital comprehensive           reserve       fluctuation      Retained      Perpetual                   controlling         Total
                                     capital       account       reserve           income            fund           reserve        profits         loans         Total       interests        equity
                                   RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000
                                 (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited) (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)
                                   (note 12)


At 1 January 2019 (audited)      2,728,143     20,018,081    4,639,256          (226,531)      3,843,616         (197,109) 20,497,033        3,895,800     55,198,289     5,495,690      60,693,979


Profit for the period                     –             –              –                –               –                –    1,454,573               –     1,454,573       193,733        1,648,306
Change in fair value of
  debt instruments at
  fair value through other
  comprehensive income                    –             –              –          12,344                –                –              –             –       12,344                –         12,344
Other comprehensive income
  for the period:
  Change in fair value of
      equity investments at
      fair value through other
      comprehensive income                –             –              –        232,495                 –                –              –             –      232,495                –        232,495
  Exchange differences on
      translation of foreign
      operations                          –             –              –                –               –           (6,112)             –             –        (6,112)           751           (5,361)


Total comprehensive income
  for the period                          –             –              –        244,839                 –           (6,112)   1,454,573               –     1,693,300       194,484        1,887,784

Issue of a perpetual loan                 –             –              –                –               –                –            –        498,792        498,792              –         498,792
Perpetual loan interest                   –             –              –                –               –                –     (135,705)             –       (135,705)             –        (135,705)
Final 2018 dividend declared              –             –              –                –               –                –     (556,541)             –       (556,541)      (150,441)       (706,982)
Government subsidies
   designated to increase the
   capital reserve                        –             –           194                 –               –                –          (194)             –             –               –               –
Others                                    –             –        (9,068)                –               –                –             –              –        (9,068)             60          (9,008)


At 30 June 2019                  2,728,143 20,018,081*       4,630,382*          18,308*      3,843,616*         (203,221)* 21,259,166*      4,394,592     56,689,067     5,539,793      62,228,860
22   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




     Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2020



                                                                                         Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                        Fair value
                                                                                        reserve of
                                                                                          financial
                                                                                         assets at
                                                                                         fair value
                                                                Share                through other    Statutory        Exchange                                                      Non-
                                                 Share       premium         Capital comprehensive      surplus       fluctuation     Retained      Perpetual                  controlling       Total
                                                capital       account      reserve**        income reserve fund           reserve       profits         loans         Total      interests      equity
                                              RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                            (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)   (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)
                                               (note 12)


         At 1 January 2020 (audited)         2,728,143     20,018,081     4,645,479         4,019      4,100,513       (183,572) 21,055,034        4,394,592    56,762,289     5,839,131     62,601,420


         Profit for the period                        –             –             –             –               –               –    1,662,430             –     1,662,430       720,993      2,383,423
         Change in fair value of trade
           receivables financing                      –             –             –         1,870               –               –            –             –         1,870              –         1,870
         Other comprehensive loss for the
           period:
           Change in fair value of
               equity investments at
               fair value through other
               comprehensive income                   –             –             –       (85,724)              –               –            –             –       (85,724)             –       (85,724)
           Exchange differences on
               translation of foreign
               operations                             –             –             –             –               –      (105,422)             –             –      (105,422)        (2,262)     (107,684)


         Total comprehensive income for
           the period                                 –             –             –       (83,854)              –      (105,422)     1,662,430             –     1,473,154       718,731      2,191,885

         Addition to non-controlling
            interests                                 –             –     1,804,768             –               –               –            –             –     1,804,768       775,232      2,580,000
         Issue of a perpetual loan                    –             –             –             –               –               –            –       200,000       200,000             –        200,000
         Perpetual loan interest                      –             –             –             –               –               –     (167,338)            –      (167,338)            –       (167,338)
         Final 2019 dividend declared                 –             –             –             –               –               –     (163,689)            –      (163,689)      (54,776)      (218,465)
         Acquisition of non-controlling
            interests                                 –             –        (6,748)            –               –               –            –             –        (6,748)         5,888          (860)
         Equity-settled share option
            arrangements                              –             –        26,120             –              –                –            –             –        26,120              –       26,120
         Disposal of a subsidiary                     –             –             –             –           (324)               –            –             –          (324)           420           96


         At 30 June 2020                     2,728,143     20,018,081*    6,469,619*      (79,835)*    4,100,189*      (288,994)* 22,386,437*      4,594,592    59,928,232     7,284,626     67,212,858


     *          These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB52,605,497,000 (31 December 2019: RMB49,639,554,000) in the consolidated statement of financial
                position.


     **         Part of the minority shareholders are entitled to the right to conditionally request the Company to repurchase the shares it held in its subsidiaries. Such right is equivalent to
                granting a put option to the minority shareholders by the Company. The fair value of the relevant options is still under assessment.
                                                                                                          BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   23



                                             Interim Condensed
                           Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                    For the Six Months ended 30 June 2020



                                                                                    Notes         2020                                2019
                                                                                            (Unaudited)                       (Unaudited)
                                                                                              RMB’ 000                          RMB’ 000


CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                                            2,928,081                         1,873,648
Adjustments for:
   Finance costs                                                                             1,731,854                         1,601,399
   Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates                                 95,207                              92,332
   Bank interest income                                                                       (114,940)                          (152,961)
   Dividend income from equity investments at fair value through other
      comprehensive income                                                                            –                              (1,200)
   Government grants and subsidies                                                            (145,129)                          (139,805)
   Loss on disposal of items of non-current assets                                              91,113                              26,038
   Loss on disposal of subsidiaries                                                              5,765                                      –
   Fair value gain, net:
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                    (42,474)                              (4,794)
      Gain on disposal of finance products                                                    (165,264)                            (13,922)
      Gain on disposal of investments in joint ventures                                               –                            (67,692)
   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                             3,879,181                         3,981,976
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets/recognition of prepaid land lease payments              173,474                            174,064
   Amortisation of other intangible assets                                                   1,203,411                            726,497
   Write-down of inventories to net realisable value                                           178,973                            180,882
   Depreciation of investment properties                                                         1,343                               1,769
   Impairment of trade receivables                                                             377,364                            346,683
   Impairment losses on trade receivables reversed                                            (147,718)                          (119,853)
   Impairment losses on trade receivable financing reversed                                       (683)                              (5,080)
   Impairment of amounts due from joint ventures and associates                                 10,149                               4,128
   Impairment losses on amounts due from joint ventures and associates reversed                (37,782)                            (28,156)
   Impairment of amounts due from other related parties, net                                          –                              (1,550)
   Impairment of long-term receivables                                                         (13,485)                             23,560
   Impairment of contract assets, net                                                          104,842                             (12,032)
   Impairment of other intangible assets                                                       187,061                                      –
   Impairment of prepayments, deposits and other receivables, net                                  (37)                                 292


                                                                                            10,300,306                         8,486,223
24   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




     Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2020



                                                                                       2020          2019
                                                                                 (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)
                                                                                   RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000


       Increase in inventories                                                   (2,774,586)    (1,820,510)
       Decrease in restricted bank deposits                                               –        68,154
       Increase in trade receivables                                             (1,854,881)    (7,323,007)
       Increase/(decrease) in trade receivable financing                           (316,466)    4,165,456
       (Increase)/decrease in prepayments, other receivables and other assets      (667,632)    2,170,091
       Decrease/(increase) in contract assets                                     1,566,410      (633,610)
       Decrease in amounts due from joint ventures and associates                 1,735,246     1,958,663
       (Increase)/decrease in amounts due from other related parties                      (1)     102,627
       Decrease in long-term receivables                                            180,622       414,827
       Decrease in completed property held for sale                                 255,769       424,072
       Increase/(decrease) in trade and bills payables                              150,439     (9,297,782)
       Increase/(decrease) in other payables and accruals                         2,362,226      (173,297)
       Increase in accruals and deferred income                                     261,106       680,518
       Increase/(decrease) in amounts due to joint ventures and associates          400,843      (796,173)
       Increase/(decrease) in contract liabilities                                3,849,430      (410,596)
       (Decrease)/increase in amounts due to other related parties                  (17,088)       18,425
       Increase in provision for warranties                                          16,034       209,158


       Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                  15,447,777     (1,756,761)


       Interest received                                                            114,940       152,961
       Taxes paid                                                                   (24,270)     (460,703)


       Net cash flows from/(used in) operating activities                        15,538,447     (2,064,503)


       CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
       Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                       (3,551,284)    (5,250,286)
       Additions in non-current prepayments                                      (1,901,315)    (4,346,061)
       Additions in prepaid land lease payments include in right-of-use assets     (239,169)     (595,318)
       Additions to other intangible assets                                        (803,932)    (1,478,783)
       Dividend received from joint ventures and associates                               –          7,821
                                                                                                               BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   25



                                             Interim Condensed
                           Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                        For the Six Months ended 30 June 2020



                                                                                                      2020                                 2019
                                                                                                (Unaudited)                        (Unaudited)
                                                                                                  RMB’ 000                           RMB’ 000


Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and equipment and other intangibles assets      173,588                             165,699
Receipt of disposal of financial products                                                          165,264                               13,922
Capital contributions to associates                                                                       –                           (154,700)
Capital contributions to joint ventures                                                           (837,420)                           (384,339)
Increase in equity investments at fair value through profit or loss                                 (23,000)                              (8,000)
Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                           105,051                                       –


Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                      (6,912,217)                     (12,030,045)


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from issue of perpetual loans                                                                    –                            498,792
Proceeds from issue of corporate bonds                                                           2,000,000                          3,500,000
Corporate bond issue expenses                                                                        (4,283)                            (13,594)
Proceeds from issue of super short-term debentures                                                        –                         7,000,000
Repayment of super short-term debentures                                                                  –                               (2,530)
New bank loans                                                                                  34,136,488                        38,955,597
Repayment of bank loans                                                                         (39,540,133)                     (26,283,104)
Repayment of bond                                                                                (5,000,000)                       (9,500,000)
Interest paid                                                                                    (1,925,401)                       (1,740,235)
Perpetual loan interest paid                                                                      (167,338)                           (135,705)
Decrease in pledged deposits                                                                       754,764                             438,891
Receipt of shares transfer to non-controlling investors                                          2,280,000                                     60
Principal portion of lease payments                                                                 (92,666)                            (56,806)


Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities                                               (7,558,569)                      12,661,366


NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                                        1,067,661                         (1,433,182)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                                11,674,297                        11,151,057
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                                        (21,664)                             11,611


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                                                      12,720,294                          9,729,486
26   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2020


     1. Corporate Information

             BYD Company Limited (the “Company”) is a joint stock limited liability company registered in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). The
             Company’s H shares have been listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited since 31 July 2002. The registered office of the Company is
             located at Yan An Road, Kuichong, Dapeng District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, the PRC.


     2.1 Basis of Preparation

             The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2020 has been prepared in accordance with HKAS
             34 Interim Financial Reporting . The interim condensed consolidated financial information does not include all the information and disclosures
             required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the
             year ended 31 December 2019.


     2.2 Changes in Accounting Policies and Disclosures

             The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial information are consistent with those applied
             in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019, except for the adoption of the
             following new and revised Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) for the first time for the current period’s financial information.


             Amendments to HKFRS 3                                                     Definition of a Business
             Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39 and HKFRS 7                                Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
             Amendments to HKFRS 16                                                    Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions (early adopted)
             Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8                                           Definition of Material

             The nature and impact of the revised HKFRSs are described below:


             (a)      Amendments to HKFRS 3 clarify and provide additional guidance on the definition of a business. The amendments clarify that for
                      an integrated set of activities and assets to be considered a business, it must include, at a minimum, an input and a substantive
                      process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create output. A business can exist without including all of the inputs and
                      processes needed to create outputs. The amendments remove the assessment of whether market participants are capable of acquiring
                      the business and continue to produce outputs. Instead, the focus is on whether acquired inputs and acquired substantive processes
                      together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The amendments have also narrowed the definition of outputs to focus
                      on goods or services provided to customers, investment income or other income from ordinary activities. Furthermore, the amendments
                      provide guidance to assess whether an acquired process is substantive and introduce an optional fair value concentration test to permit
                      a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. The Group has applied the amendments
                      prospectively to transactions or other events that occurred on or after 1 January 2020. The amendments did not have any impact on the
                      financial position and performance of the Group.


             (b)      Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39 and HKFRS 7 address the effects of interbank offered rate reform on financial reporting. The
                      amendments provide temporary reliefs which enable hedge accounting to continue during the period of uncertainty before the replacement
                      of an existing interest rate benchmark. In addition, the amendments require companies to provide additional information to investors about
                      their hedging relationships which are directly affected by these uncertainties. The amendments did not have any impact on the financial
                      position and performance of the Group.
                                                                                                                           BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   27



                                           Notes to Interim Condensed
                                    Consolidated Financial Information                                                                            30 June 2020


2.2 Changes in Accounting Policies and Disclosures (continued)

    (c)   Amendment to HKFRS 16 provides a practical expedient for lessees to elect not to apply lease modification accounting for rent
          concessions arising as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic. The practical expedient applies only to rent concessions
          occurring as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic and only if (i) the change in lease payments results in revised consideration
          for the lease that is substantially the same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change; (ii) any
          reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2021; and (iii) there is no substantive change to
          other terms and conditions of the lease. The amendment is effective retrospectively for annual periods beginning on or after 1 June 2020
          with earlier application permitted.


          During the period ended 30 June 2020, certain monthly lease payments for the leases of the Group have been reduced or waived by the
          lessors as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and there are no other changes to the terms of the leases. The Group has early adopted the
          amendment on 1 January 2020 and elected not to apply lease modification accounting for all rent concessions granted by the lessors as a
          result of the COVID-19 pandemic during the period ended 30 June 2020. Accordingly, a reduction in the lease payments arising from the
          rent concessions of RMB1,147,000 has been accounted for as a variable lease payment by derecognising part of the lease liabilities and
          crediting to profit or loss.


    (d)   Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8 provide a new definition of material. The new definition states that information is material if omitting,
          misstating or obscuring it could reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial
          statements make on the basis of those financial statements. The amendments clarify that materiality will depend on the nature or
          magnitude of information. The amendments did not have any impact on the Group’s interim condensed consolidated financial Information.


3. Operating Segment Information

    For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their products and services and has three reportable operating
    segments as follows:


    (a)   the rechargeable batteries and photovoltaic business segment comprises the manufacture and sale of lithium-ion batteries and nickel
          batteries, photovoltaic products and iron batteries products (including energy storage stations and iron battery pack), principally for mobile
          phones, electric tools and other portable electronic instruments, photovoltaic products, energy storage products and electric vehicles;


    (b)   the mobile handset components and assembly service segment comprises the manufacture and sale of mobile handset components such
          as housings, electronic components and the provision of assembly services; and


    (c)   the automobiles and related products segment comprises the manufacture and sale of automobiles and auto-related moulds and
          components and automobiles leasing and after sales service, and rail transport related business.


    Management monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments separately for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation
    and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based on reportable segment profit, which is a measure of adjusted profit
    before tax. The adjusted profit before tax is measured consistently with the Group’s profit before tax except that finance costs, interest income,
    government grants and subsidies, as well as head office and corporate expenses and gains are excluded from such measurement.


    Segment assets exclude deferred tax assets, goodwill, dividend receivable, interest receivable, equity investments at fair value through other
    comprehensive income, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, derivative financial instruments, investment properties and other
    unallocated head office and corporate assets, as these assets are managed on a group basis.


    Segment liabilities exclude deferred tax liabilities, tax payable, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, derivative financial instruments,
    interest payable, dividend payable and other unallocated head office and corporate liabilities as these liabilities are managed on a group basis.
28   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2020


     3. Operating Segment Information (continued)

             Transfer pricing in operating segment is determined with reference to the agreed price among operation segments.


                                                                 Rechargeable    Mobile handset
                                                                 batteries and     components        Automobiles
                                                                  photovoltaic    and assembly        and related          Corporate
                Six months ended 30 June 2020                        business           service          products         and others            Total
                                                                    RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000
                                                                  (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)


                Segment revenue (note 4)
                Sales to external customers                         4,618,842       22,991,299        30,417,900                     –    58,028,041
                Intersegment sales                                  3,515,356        8,505,166         1,103,475                     –    13,123,997
                Other revenue, including other gross income
                    from sales of properties and raw materials
                    and disposal of scrap materials                   163,903          273,678         1,110,079            251,693        1,799,353


                Taxes and surcharges                                    8,223          115,347           544,107                7,915        675,592


                                                                    8,306,324       31,885,490        33,175,561            259,608       73,626,983


                Reconciliation:
                Elimination of intersegment sales                                                                                         (13,123,997)
                Elimination of other gross income                                                                                          (1,799,353)
                Elimination of taxes and surcharges                                                                                         (675,592)


                Revenue – sales to external customers                                                                                     58,028,041


                Segment results                                       201,004        2,629,886         2,933,604                (8,235)    5,756,259
                Reconciliation:
                Elimination of intersegment results                                                                                        (1,531,311)
                Interest income                                                                                                              114,940
                Dividend income and unallocated gains                                                                                        846,971
                Corporate and other unallocated expenses                                                                                    (545,037)
                Finance costs (other than interest on lease
                    liabilities)                                                                                                           (1,713,741)


                Profit before tax                                                                                                          2,928,081
                                                                                                      BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   29



                                         Notes to Interim Condensed
                                  Consolidated Financial Information                                                         30 June 2020


3. Operating Segment Information (continued)

                                                   Rechargeable    Mobile handset
                                                   batteries and     components     Automobiles
                                                    photovoltaic    and assembly    and related    Corporate
    Six months ended 30 June 2019                      business           service      products   and others                       Total
                                                      RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000       RMB’ 000     RMB’ 000                 RMB’ 000
                                                     (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)


    Segment revenue
    Sales to external customers                      3,975,293       23,001,793     32,237,890              –            59,214,976
    Intersegment sales                               7,795,592          813,710        804,597              –              9,413,899
    Other revenue, including other gross income
      from sales of properties and raw materials
      and disposal of scrap materials                  461,904          251,710      1,068,533      418,571                2,200,718


    Taxes and surcharges                                15,857            69,945       675,600         7,167                  768,569


                                                    12,248,646       24,137,158     34,786,620      425,738              71,598,162


    Reconciliation:
    Elimination of intersegment sales                                                                                     (9,413,899)
    Elimination of other gross income                                                                                     (2,200,718)
    Elimination of taxes and surcharges                                                                                      (768,569)


    Revenue – sales to external customers                                                                                59,214,976


    Segment results                                    248,013          613,340      2,381,607         5,907               3,248,867
    Reconciliation:
    Elimination of intersegment results                                                                                      (280,603)
    Interest income                                                                                                           146,604
    Dividend income and unallocated gains                                                                                     854,887
    Corporate and other unallocated expenses                                                                                 (494,708)
    Finance costs (other than interest on lease
      liabilities)                                                                                                        (1,601,399)


    Profit before tax                                                                                                      1,873,648
30   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2020


     3. Operating Segment Information (continued)

             The following table presents the asset and liability information of the Group’s operating segments as at 30 June 2020 and 31 December 2019,
             respectively.


                                                                      Rechargeable    Mobile handset
                                                                      batteries and     components      Automobiles
                                                                       photovoltaic    and assembly      and related       Corporate
                As at 30 June 2020                                        business            service      products       and others              Total
                                                                          RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000
                                                                        (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)


                Segment assets                                          34,773,235       35,843,397     120,559,954               –        191,176,586
                Reconciliation:
                Elimination of intersegment receivables                                                                                     (2,445,204)
                Elimination unrealised profit of intersegment sales                                                                         (2,443,965)
                Corporate and other unallocated assets                                                                                      11,348,988


                Total assets                                                                                                               197,636,405


                Segment liabilities                                     12,107,571       15,018,551      34,113,218               –         61,239,340
                Reconciliation:
                Elimination of intersegment payables                                                                                        (2,445,204)
                Corporate and other unallocated liabilities                                                                                 71,629,411


                Total liabilities                                                                                                          130,423,547


             Other segment information:

                                                                      Rechargeable    Mobile handset
                                                                      batteries and     components      Automobiles
                                                                       photovoltaic    and assembly      and related       Corporate
                                                                          business            service      products       and others              Total
                                                                          RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000
                                                                        (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)


                As at 30 June 2020
                Investments in joint ventures                              305,874                 –      3,551,465               –          3,857,339
                Investments in associates                                  413,900                 –        505,699               –            919,599


                Six months ended 30 June 2020
                Share of (profits)/losses of:
                   Joint ventures                                           (1,474)                –         72,909               –             71,435
                   Associates                                               24,517                 –           (745)              –             23,772
                Impairment losses recognised in the
                   statement of profit or loss                             147,717            10,517        207,800               –            366,034
                Credit losses recognised in the statement
                   of profit or loss                                       122,313            58,333        112,004               –            292,650
                Depreciation and amortisation                            1,248,459         1,094,573      2,914,376               –          5,257,408
                Capital expenditure                                      1,557,933         1,387,844      2,488,175               –          5,433,952
                                                                                                               BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   31



                                               Notes to Interim Condensed
                                        Consolidated Financial Information                                                            30 June 2020


3. Operating Segment Information (continued)

                                                          Rechargeable    Mobile handset
                                                          batteries and     components       Automobiles
                                                           photovoltaic    and assembly       and related    Corporate
    As at 31 December 2019                                    business            service       products    and others                      Total
                                                             RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000                  RMB’ 000
                                                              (Audited)         (Audited)       (Audited)     (Audited)                 (Audited)


    Segment assets                                         38,231,539        30,341,049     123,579,755               –            192,152,343
    Reconciliation:
    Elimination of intersegment receivables                                                                                          (7,088,335)
    Elimination unrealised profit of intersegment sales                                                                                (924,150)
    Corporate and other unallocated assets                                                                                          11,501,735


    Total assets                                                                                                                   195,641,593


    Segment liabilities                                    15,784,339        13,711,057      32,157,078               –             61,652,474
    Reconciliation:
    Elimination of intersegment payables                                                                                             (7,088,335)
    Corporate and other unallocated liabilities                                                                                     78,476,034


    Total liabilities                                                                                                              133,040,173


   Other segment information:


                                                          Rechargeable    Mobile handset
                                                          batteries and     components       Automobiles
                                                           photovoltaic    and assembly       and related    Corporate
                                                              business            service       products    and others                    Total
                                                             RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000      RMB’ 000                  RMB’ 000


    As at 31 December 2019 (Audited)
    Investments in joint ventures                             300,055                  –      2,805,090               –               3,105,145
    Investments in associates                                 438,416                  –        516,614               –                 955,030


    Six months ended 30 June 2019 (Unaudited)
    Share of (profits)/losses of:
       Joint ventures                                           (3,040)                –        120,786               –                 117,746
       Associates                                                7,513                 –         (32,927)             –                  (25,414)
    Impairment losses recognised in the statement
       of profit or loss                                      125,763            47,690            7,429              –                 180,882
    Credit losses recognised in the statement
       of profit or loss                                      177,440               473          30,079               –                207,992
    Depreciation and amortisation                           1,207,609         1,189,668       2,487,029               –              4,884,306
    Capital expenditure                                     3,858,529         1,364,199       5,649,571               –             10,872,299
32   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2020


     4. Revenue

             An analysis of revenue is as follows:


                                                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                            2020                      2019
                                                                                                        RMB’ 000                RMB’ 000
                                                                                                      (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)


                Revenue from contracts with customers                                                 58,028,041              59,214,976


             Disaggregated revenue information for revenue from contracts with customers


                                                                  Rechargeable    Mobile handset
                                                                  batteries and     components
                                                                   photovoltaic    and assembly      Automobiles and
                For the six months ended 30 June 2020                 business          service*    related products*                 Total
                Segments                                             RMB’ 000          RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000           RMB’ 000
                                                                   (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)


                Types of goods or services
                Sale of goods and construction services              4,618,842       22,991,299           30,375,256          57,985,397
                Rendering of services                                        –                –               42,644              42,644


                Total revenue from contracts with customers          4,618,842       22,991,299           30,417,900          58,028,041


                Geographical markets
                The PRC (including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan)      1,491,387       17,087,691           15,471,878          34,050,956
                Overseas                                             3,127,455        5,903,608           14,946,022          23,977,085


                Total revenue from contracts with customers          4,618,842       22,991,299           30,417,900          58,028,041


                Timing of revenue recognition
                Goods transferred at a point in time                 4,618,842       22,991,299           29,701,408          57,311,549
                Services transferred over time                               –                –              716,492            716,492


                Total revenue from contracts with customers          4,618,842       22,991,299           30,417,900          58,028,041
                                                                                                    BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   33



                                            Notes to Interim Condensed
                                     Consolidated Financial Information                                                    30 June 2020


4. Revenue (continued)

   Disaggregated revenue information for revenue from contracts with customers (continued)


                                                      Rechargeable    Mobile handset
                                                      batteries and     components
                                                       photovoltaic    and assembly    Automobiles and
    For the six months ended 30 June 2019                 business           service   related products                          Total
    Segments                                             RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000                    RMB’ 000
                                                        (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)                (Unaudited)


    Types of goods or services
    Sale of goods and construction services             3,975,293       23,001,793         32,201,500                  59,178,586
    Rendering of services                                        –                –             36,390                        36,390


    Total revenue from contracts with customers         3,975,293       23,001,793         32,237,890                  59,214,976


    Geographical markets
    The PRC (including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan)     1,636,270       18,735,804         30,832,861                  51,204,935
    Overseas                                            2,339,023         4,265,989          1,405,029                   8,010,041


    Total revenue from contracts with customers         3,975,293       23,001,793         32,237,890                  59,214,976


    Timing of revenue recognition
    Goods transferred at a point in time                3,975,293       23,001,793         32,201,500                  59,178,586
    Services transferred over time                               –                –             36,390                        36,390


    Total revenue from contracts with customers         3,975,293       23,001,793         32,237,890                  59,214,976
34   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2020


     4. Revenue (continued)

             Disaggregated revenue information for revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

             Set out below is the reconciliation of the revenue from contracts with customers to the amounts disclosed in the segment information:


                                                                          Rechargeable        Mobile handset
                                                                           batteries and          components
                                                                            photovoltaic        and assembly       Automobiles and
                For the six months ended 30 June 2020                          business                service     related products                  Total
                Segments                                                       RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000
                                                                            (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


                Revenue from contracts with customers
                External customers                                            4,618,842            22,991,299            30,417,900            58,028,041
                Intersegment sales                                            3,515,356             8,505,166             1,103,475            13,123,997


                Intersegment adjustments and eliminations                                                                                     (13,123,997)


                Total revenue from contracts with customers                                                                                    58,028,041


                                                                           Rechargeable         Mobile handset
                                                                            batteries and          components
                                                                             photovoltaic        and assembly       Automobiles and
                For the six months ended 30 June 2019                           business                service      related products                 Total
                Segments                                                       RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000
                                                                              (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


                Revenue from contracts with customers
                External customers                                            3,975,293            23,001,793            32,237,890            59,214,976
                Intersegment sales                                            7,795,592               813,710               804,597             9,413,899


                Intersegment adjustments and eliminations                                                                                       (9,413,899)


                Total revenue from contracts with customers                                                                                    59,214,976
                                                                                                                                            BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   35



                                                 Notes to Interim Condensed
                                          Consolidated Financial Information                                                                                       30 June 2020


5. Profit before Tax

    The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                  Notes                             2020                                2019
                                                                                                                              RMB’ 000                            RMB’ 000
                                                                                                                            (Unaudited)                         (Unaudited)


         Cost of inventories sold                                                                                           47,325,529                         49,812,809
         Cost of services provided                                                                                               48,919                               40,481
         Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                               9                        3,879,181                          3,981,976
         Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                                    173,474                             174,064
         Research and development costs:
           Deferred expenditure amortised                                                                                     1,132,247                             665,737
           Current year expenditure                                                                                           2,525,361                          2,495,223


                                                                                                                              3,657,608                          3,160,960


         Amortisation of investment properties                                                                                     1,343                               1,769
         Loss on disposal of items of non-current assets**                                                                       91,113                               26,038
         Amortisation of other intangible assets                                                                                 71,164                               60,760
         Impairment of trade receivables*                                                                                       377,364                             346,683
         Impairment of long-term receivables, net*                                                                               (13,485)                             23,560
         Impairment losses of trade receivables reversed*                                                                      (147,718)                           (119,853)
         Impairment of prepayments, deposits and other receivables, net*                                                            (597)                              (4,788)
         Impairment of other intangible assets*                                                                                 187,061                                       –
         Write-down of inventories to net realisable value                                                                      178,973                             180,882
         Loss on disposal of subsidiaries**                                                                                        5,765                                      –
         Fair value gains, net:
           Derivative financial instruments                                                                                      (42,474)                              (4,794)
         Provision of product warranty                                                                                          306,181                             560,767


    *        Included in “Impairment losses on financial and contract assets” in the interim condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss.


    **       Included in “Other expense” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
36   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2020


     6. Income Tax

             Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2019: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits arising in Hong Kong during
             the period. Taxes on profits assessable elsewhere have been calculated at the tax rates prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.


             The prevailing corporate income tax rate in Mainland China where the Group primarily operates is 25%. Certain subsidiaries operating in
             Mainland China are approved to be high and new technology enterprises and are entitle to enjoy reduced enterprise income tax rates of 15% of
             the estimated assessable profits for the period. Certain subsidiaries operating in Mainland China were entitled to enjoy a preferential CIT rate of
             15% of the estimated assessable profits for the period pursuant to the Western Development Policy of the PRC.


                                                                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                             2020                       2019
                                                                                                                        RMB’ 000                    RMB’ 000
                                                                                                                      (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)


                Current – Hong Kong
                    Charge for the period                                                                                        –                          –
                Current – Mainland China
                    Charge for the period                                                                                 383,864                    463,293
                Current – Elsewhere
                    Charge for the period                                                                                 130,607                     25,035
                Deferred                                                                                                   30,187                   (262,986)


                Total tax charge for the period                                                                           544,658                    225,342


     7. Dividends

                                                                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                             2020                       2019
                                                                                                                        RMB’ 000                    RMB’ 000
                                                                                                                      (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)


                Final declared – RMB0.06 (2019: RMB0.204) per ordinary share                                              163,689                    556,541
                                                                                                                              BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   37



                                            Notes to Interim Condensed
                                     Consolidated Financial Information                                                                              30 June 2020


8. Earnings per Share Attributable to Ordinary Equity Holders of the Parent

    The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the period attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent
    adjusted for interest paid or payable for the perpetual loans, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 2,728,142,855 (2019:
    2,728,142,855) in issue during this period.


    No adjustment has been made to the basic earnings per share amounts presented for the six months ended 30 June 2020 and 2019 in respect
    of a dilution as the Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares in issue during those periods.


    The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on:


                                                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                     2020                                 2019
                                                                                                                 RMB’ 000                           RMB’ 000
                                                                                                               (Unaudited)                        (Unaudited)


     Earnings
     Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent                                                1,662,430                         1,454,573
     Interest paid for the perpetual loans for the period                                                         (118,660)                          (103,503)
     Accumulated unpaid interest attributable to the perpetual loans for the period                                (17,048)                            (17,048)


     Profit used in the basic earnings per share calculation                                                     1,526,722                         1,334,022



                                                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                     2020                                 2019


     Shares
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the period,
        used in the basic earnings per share calculation                                                    2,728,142,855                   2,728,142,855
38   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2020


     9. Property, Plant and Equipment

             During the six months ended 30 June 2020, the Group acquired assets with a cost of RMB4,169,595,000 (30 June 2019: RMB6,405,040,000).


             Assets (other than those classified as held for sale) with a net book value of RMB238,795,000 were disposed by the Group during the six
             months ended 30 June 2020 (30 June 2019: RMB140,673,000), resulting in a net loss on disposal of RMB91,113,000 (30 June 2019: loss of
             RMB26,038,000).


     10. Trade Receivables

                                                                                                                30 June 2020         31 December 2019
                                                                                                                     RMB’ 000                  RMB’ 000
                                                                                                                  (Unaudited)                   (Audited)


                Trade receivables                                                                                  43,652,271                41,697,960
                Impairment                                                                                         (1,761,470)                (1,563,415)


                                                                                                                   41,890,801                40,134,545


             The ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date and net of loss allowance, is as
             follows:


                                                                                                                30 June 2020         31 December 2019
                                                                                                                     RMB’ 000                  RMB’ 000
                                                                                                                  (Unaudited)                   (Audited)


                Within one year                                                                                    30,986,421                29,970,034
                One to two year                                                                                     8,870,607                 8,107,967
                Two to three year                                                                                   1,618,025                 1,369,674
                Over three year                                                                                       415,748                   686,870


                                                                                                                   41,890,801                40,134,545
                                                                                                                             BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   39



                                           Notes to Interim Condensed
                                    Consolidated Financial Information                                                                              30 June 2020


11. Trade and Bills Payables

    An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                                            30 June 2020             31 December 2019
                                                                                                                 RMB’ 000                          RMB’ 000
                                                                                                               (Unaudited)                           (Audited)


     Within three months                                                                                       25,351,855                       25,808,926
     Three to six months                                                                                        6,184,495                         8,065,446
     Six months to one year                                                                                     2,146,160                            905,861
     One to two years                                                                                              232,580                           379,794
     Two to three years                                                                                            159,396                           127,424
     Over three years                                                                                              103,833                             53,211


                                                                                                               34,178,319                       35,340,662


    The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled within terms of 30 to 180 days.


12. Share Capital

                                                                                                            30 June 2020             31 December 2019
                                                                                                                 RMB’ 000                          RMB’ 000
     Shares                                                                                                    (Unaudited)                           (Audited)


     Authorised, issued and fully paid:
     2,728,142,855 (31 December 2019: 2,728,142,855) ordinary shares of RMB1 each                               2,728,143                         2,728,143
40   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2020


     13. Contingent Liabilities

             (a)      Litigation

                      Action against Foxconn
                      On 11 June 2007, a Hong Kong High Court action (the “June 2007 Action”) was commenced by a subsidiary and an affiliate of Foxconn
                      International Holdings Limited (the “Plaintiffs”) against the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Group (the “Defendants”) for using
                      confidential information alleged to have been obtained improperly from the Plaintiffs. The Plaintiffs discontinued the June 2007 Action on
                      5 October 2007 with the effect that the June 2007 Action has been wholly discontinued against all the Defendants named in the action
                      and this finally disposed of the June 2007 Action without any liability to the Defendants. On the same day, the Plaintiffs initiated a new
                      set of legal proceedings in the Court (the “October 2007 Action”). The Defendants named in the October 2007 Action are the same as
                      the Defendants in the June 2007 Action, and the claims made by the Plaintiffs in the October 2007 Action are based on the same facts
                      and the same grounds in the June 2007 Action. The remedies sought by the Plaintiffs in the October 2007 Action include an injunction
                      restraining the Defendants from using the alleged confidential information, an order for the disgorgement of profit made by the Defendants
                      through the use of the confidential information, damages based on the loss suffered by the Plaintiffs and exemplary damages. The total
                      damages sought by the Plaintiffs in the October 2007 Action have not been quantified.


                      On 2 October 2009, the Defendants instituted a counter-action against Foxconn International Holdings Limited and certain of its affiliates
                      for their intervention, by means of illegal measures, in the operations involving the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, collusions,
                      written and verbal defamation, and the economic loss as a result of the said activities.


                      As at the reporting date, the case remains in the process of legal proceedings. After consulting the Company’s legal counsel representing
                      the Company for the case, the board is of the view that the estimate of ultimate outcome and amount to settle the obligation, if any, of the
                      litigation cannot be made reliably up to date.


                      Service Contract Dispute against Shanghai Qiancheng Culture Communication Co., Ltd.
                      On 4 November 2018, Shanghai Qiancheng Culture Communication Co., Ltd., as the plaintiff, filed a legal proceeding against the
                      Company and its subsidiary, Shanghai BYD Electric Vehicle Co., Ltd., to Shanghai High People’s Court in respect of an advertising service
                      contract dispute, requiring a service fee of RMB241,592,516, liquidated damages of RMB60,813,050 and a temporary total amount of
                      RMB302,405,566, including litigation fees, property preservation fees and preservation guarantee expenses.


                      On 7 December 2018, the Company filed an appeal to Shanghai High People’s Court, arguing that the case shall be heard by a court with
                      jurisdiction in Guangdong Province. On 20 December 2018, Shanghai High People’s Court issued a Civil Ruling Paper of (2018) Hu Min
                      Chu No. 100 (“(2018) 滬民初100號”), ruling to reject the objection over the jurisdiction raised by the Company. On 2 January 2019,
                      the Company appealed to the Supreme People’s Court of the People’s Republic of China, requesting the repeal of the aforementioned
                      Civil Ruling Paper issued by Shanghai High People’s Court and the transfer of the case to a court with jurisdiction in Guangdong Province.
                      On 28 February 2019, the Supreme People’s Court of the People’s Republic of China issued a Civil Ruling Paper of (2019) Zui Gao Fa
                      Min Xia Zhong No. 60 (“(2019) 最高法民轄終60號”), overruling the appeal and maintaining the original judgement. Shanghai High
                      People’s Court held hearings on 25 April 2019, 17 May 2019, 22 August 2019, 9 October 2019, 16 January 2020 and 31 March 2020
                      respectively. The case was formally heard for the first time on 21 May 2020. It is still in trial and pending for judgement.


                      As at the reporting date, the case is still in proceedings. With the assistance of the legal adviser responsible for the case on behalf of the
                      Company, the Board believes that the final result of the proceedings and compensation obligations, if any, cannot be estimated reliably.
                                                                                                                           BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   41



                                           Notes to Interim Condensed
                                    Consolidated Financial Information                                                                            30 June 2020


13. Contingent Liabilities (continued)

    (b) At the end of the reporting period, contingent liabilities not provided for in the financial statements were as
        follows:


                                                                                                           30 June 2020            31 December 2019
                                                                                                               RMB’ 000                          RMB’ 000
                                                                                                             (Unaudited)                           (Audited)


           Guarantees given to banks in connection with facilities granted to subsidiaries                  105,036,290                       87,565,930


          As at 30 June 2020, the banking facilities granted to subsidiaries and joint ventures subject to guarantees given to banks by the Company
          were utilised to the extent of approximately RMB53,654,830,000 (31 December 2019: RMB45,759,214,000) and RMB4,871,630,000
          (31 December 2019: RMB3,559,870,000) respectively.


    (c)   Repurchase obligation

          The Group entered into tri-lateral finance cooperation contracts (“the Cooperation Contract”) with certain customers and third-parties or
          related financial institutions (“Financial Institutions”). Pursuant to the arrangement under the Cooperation Contract, the Company bears
          repurchase obligations to Financial Institutions that in the event of customer default or other specific conditions, the Company inherits all
          the creditor’s rights and related rights and interests. At the same time, the Company is required to make payment to Financial Institutions
          for the outstanding payments due from customer, and has the right to take the recovery and sale of new energy vehicles and other relief
          measures by itself to pay the remaining arrears of the customer to the financing institution. The Company reserves the right to pursue
          the remaining creditor’s rights. Management believes that the repossessed vehicles will be able to be sold for proceeds that are not
          significantly different from the repurchase payments. As at 30 June 2020, the Group’s maximum exposure to these obligations was
          RMB9,343,086,000 (31 December 2019: RMB11,163,670,000). For the period ended 30 June 2020, there was no default of payments
          from customers which required the Group to make payments to Financial Institution.
42   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2020


     14. Commitments

             The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                                    30 June 2020          31 December 2019
                                                                                                                         RMB’ 000                 RMB’ 000
                                                                                                                      (Unaudited)                  (Audited)


                Contracted, but not provided for:
                    Buildings                                                                                             968,132                 1,139,767
                    Plant and machinery                                                                                 3,700,659                 4,608,229
                    Capital contribution in respect of investments                                                        159,757                   81,757


                                                                                                                        4,828,548                 5,829,753


                Authorised but not contracted for:                                                                           9,874                  23,538


                                                                                                                        4,838,422                 5,853,291


             In addition, the Group’s share of the joint ventures’ own capital commitments, which are not included in the above, is as follows:


                                                                                                                    30 June 2020          31 December 2019
                                                                                                                         RMB’ 000                 RMB’ 000
                                                                                                                      (Unaudited)                  (Audited)


                Capital contribution payable to joint ventures                                                            825,550                  543,925
                                                                                                                                          BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   43



                                                Notes to Interim Condensed
                                         Consolidated Financial Information                                                                                      30 June 2020


15. Related Party Transactions

    (a)   In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in this financial information, the Group had the following
          transactions with related parties during the period:


                                                                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                Notes                             2020                                2019
                                                                                                                            RMB’ 000                            RMB’ 000
                                                                                                                          (Unaudited)                         (Unaudited)


                Joint ventures and associates:
                  Sales of products                                                               (i)                       1,082,021                          1,135,671
                  Sales of machinery and equipment                                                (ii)                           3,797                                      –
                  Service income                                                                 (iii)                        120,537                             121,892
                  Rental expense                                                                 (iv)                         454,960                             456,405
                  Purchases of products and service                                               (v)                         550,893                             712,090
                Sales of products and service to Union Brother Technology Co.,
                  Ltd. (“UBTECH”)                                                                 (vi)                                –                                 543
                Sales of products and service to Xi’an Northern Qinchuan
                  Company Ltd. (“Northern Qinchuan”)                                             (vii)                               45                                     –
                Sales of products and service to Shenzhen UniFortune Supply
                  Chain Service Co., Ltd. (“UniFortune”)                                         (viii)                            882                                      –
                Sales of products and service to Youngy Investment Holding
                  Group Co., Ltd. (“Youngy Holding”)                                              (ix)                           1,053                                      –
                Purchases of products and service from Xi’an Northern Qinchuan
                  Company Ltd. (“Northern Qinchuan”)                                             (vii)                               23                                 111
                Purchases of products and service from Beijing Easpring Material
                  Technology Co., Ltd. (“Easpring Technology”)                                    (x)                           39,095                            162,736
                Purchases of products and service from Cangzhou Mingzhu
                  Plastic Co., Ltd. (“Mingzhu Plastics”)                                          (xi)                          12,837                              16,022
                Purchases of products and service from Shenzhen Jingshi
                  Technology Co., Ltd. (“Jingshi Tech”)                                          (xii)                           1,877                                      –


          Notes:


          (i)       The sales of products to the joint ventures and associates were made according to the published prices offered to other customers of the Group;


          (ii)      The sales of machinery and equipment to the joint ventures and associates were charged at prices mutually agreed between the Group and the joint
                    ventures and associates;


          (iii)     The service income from joint ventures and associates was made according to the published prices offered by the Group to their other customers;


          (iv)      The rental expense was charged at prices mutually agreed between the Group and the joint ventures and associates;


          (v)       The purchases of products and service from the joint ventures and associates were made according to the published prices offered by the joint
                    ventures and associates to their other customers;
44   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2020


     15. Related Party Transactions (continued)

             (a)      In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in this financial information, the Group had the following
                      transactions with related parties during the period: (continued)

                      Notes: (continued)


                      (vi)     The sales of products and service to UBTECH, a company of which a non-executive director of the Company is the director of the board, were made
                               according to the published prices offered to other customers of the Group;


                      (vii)    Northern Qinchuan is a company of which a supervisor is the chairman of the board. The sales and purchases of products and services made with
                               Northern Qinchuan were according to the published prices offered to other customers.


                      (viii)   The sales of products and service to UniFortune, a company of which a non-executive director of the Company is a director of the board, were made
                               according to the published prices offered to other customers of the Group;


                      (ix)     The sales of products and service to Youngy Holding, a company of which the director of the Company is a director of the board, were made
                               according to the published prices offered to other customers of the Group;


                      (x)      The purchases of products and service from Easpring Technology, a company of which an independent non-executive director of the Company is the
                               independent director of the board, were made according to the published prices offered by Easpring Technology to its other customers;


                      (xi)     The purchases of products and service from Mingzhu Plastics, a company of which an independent non-executive director of the Company is the
                               independent director of the board, were made according to the published prices offered by Mingzhu Plastics to its other customers;


                      (xii)    The purchases of products and service from Jingshi Tech, a company of which a former executive of the Company is the legal representative in the
                               past twelve months, were made according to the published prices offered by Jingshi Tech to its other customers.


             (b) Guarantees provided to related parties:

                      Loan guarantees
                      (i)      As at 30 June 2020, the Company provided a guarantee to the bank for the borrowing of DENZA amounting to RMB405,000,000
                               (31 December 2019: RMB480,000,000).


                      (ii)     As at 30 June 2020, the Company provided a guarantee to the bank for the borrowing of BYD Auto Finance Company Limited. (“BYD
                               Auto Financing”) amounting to RMB4,020,000,000 (31 December 2019: RMB2,680,000,000).


                      (iii)    As at 30 June 2020, the Company provided a guarantee to the bank for the borrowing of Tianjin Hongdi Financial lease Co.,Ltd.
                               (“Tianjin Hongdi”) amounting to RMB328,739,000 (31 December 2019: RMB281,980,000).


                      (iv)     As at 30 June 2020, the Company provided a guarantee to the bank for the borrowing of MCC Ramu New Technology Limited
                               (“Zhongye Ruimu”) amounting to RMB100,000,000 (31 December 2019: RMB100,000,000).


                      (v)      As at 30 June 2020, the Company provided a guarantee to the bank for the borrowing of Hubei Energy Storage Company Co., Ltd
                               (“Hubei Energy Storage”) amounting to RMB17,890,000 (31 December 2019: RMB17,890,000).
                                                                                                                               BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   45



                                                 Notes to Interim Condensed
                                          Consolidated Financial Information                                                                          30 June 2020


15. Related Party Transactions (continued)

    (b) Guarantees provided to related parties: (continued)

          Repurchase obligation
          Details of the repurchase obligation are disclosed in note 13(c) to the consolidated financial statements.


          (i)       As at 30 June 2020, the Group’s maximum exposure of obligation to Shenzhen Didi and its subsidiaries was RMB1,689,046,000
                    (31 December 2019: RMB1,988,087,000).


          (ii)      As at 30 June 2020, the Group’s maximum exposure of obligation to Rongjie Company Limited was RMB66,684,000 (31 December
                    2019: RMB78,108,000).


    (c)   Outstanding balances with related parties:


                                                                                                           30 June 2020                31 December 2019
                                                                                                                RMB’ 000                             RMB’ 000
                                                                                                              (Unaudited)                              (Audited)


                The amounts due from joint ventures and associates:
                  DENZA                                                                                           174,440                                36,053
                  Tianjin BYD Automobile Company Limited (“Tianjin BYD”)                                          866,829                           1,700,584
                  International Financial Lease Co., Ltd. (“International Financial Lease”)
                     and its subsidiary                                                                           278,403                              278,415
                  BYD Auto Financing                                                                                   1,228                              1,244
                  Hangzhou BYD Xihu New Energy Auto Co.,Ltd. (“Xihu New Energy”)                                   79,087                                45,321
                  Guangzhou Guang Qi BYD New Energy Bus Co.,Ltd. (“Guang Qi BYD”)                               1,489,851                           1,614,696
                  Shenzhen Didi New Energy Auto Lease Co.,Ltd.
                     (“Shenzhen Didi”) and its subsidiary                                                          42,262                                93,922
                  Beijing Hualin Loading Co.,Ltd. (“Beijing Hualin Loading”)                                           5,272                              9,118
                  Xi’an Infrastructure Yadi Automobile Service Co.,Ltd. (“Xi’an Infrastructure”)                  408,913                              492,532
                  Shenzhen BYD Electric Vehicle Investment Co., Ltd. (“BYD Electric Vehicle”)
                     and its subsidiary                                                                                 952                                  975
                  Tianjin Hongdi                                                                                       8,663                           806,278
                  Dongguan Tec-rich Engineering Co.,Ltd. (“Dongguan Tec-rich”)                                     12,896                                 7,249
                  Yinchuan Sky Rail Operation Co., Ltd. (“Yinchuan Operation”)                                     31,333                                24,729
                  BYD-TOYATA EV Technology Co., Ltd (“BTET”)                                                             53                                      –
                  Shenzhen Faurecia Automotive Parts Co., Ltd. (“Faurecia”)                                        27,904                                24,583


                                                                                                               3,428,086                            5,135,699
46   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2020


     15. Related Party Transactions (continued)

             (c)      Outstanding balances with related parties: (continued)


                                                                                                          30 June 2020   31 December 2019
                                                                                                             RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000
                                                                                                           (Unaudited)           (Audited)


                         The amounts due from other related parties:
                            Northern Qinchuan                                                                       1                   –


                                                                                                                    1                   –


                         The amounts due to joint ventures and associates:
                            DENZA                                                                             240,302            317,452
                            International Financial Lease                                                     149,254             92,532
                            Tianjin BYD                                                                        10,180               8,083
                            Xihu New Energy                                                                       365                280
                            Guang Qi BYD                                                                       73,954             69,864
                            Shenzhen Electric Power Sales Co. Ltd (“Electric Power”) and its subsidiary          1,392            11,175
                             BYD Auto Financing                                                                     –                  62
                             Shenzhen Chongdian Easy Co.,Ltd. (“Chongdian Easy”)                                    –                386
                             Faurecia                                                                         143,025            202,270
                             BYD Electric Vehicle and its subsidiary                                           13,304             17,471
                             Meihao Chuxing (Hangzhou) Automotive Technology (“Meihao Chuxing”)               767,112            304,654
                             Dongguan Tec-Rich Engineering                                                       4,714                 56
                             Shenzhen Didi and its subsidiary                                                    1,102              1,260


                                                                                                             1,404,704          1,025,545


                         The amounts due to other related parties:
                            UBTECH                                                                                 39                  37
                            Northern Qinchuan                                                                       –                   5
                            Mingzhu Plastics                                                                   17,138               9,365
                            Easpring Technology                                                                76,592            101,450


                                                                                                               93,769            110,857


                      The balances are unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed terms of repayment.
                                                                                                                           BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   47



                                            Notes to Interim Condensed
                                     Consolidated Financial Information                                                                           30 June 2020


15. Related Party Transactions (continued)

    (c)   Outstanding balances with related parties: (continued)

          The Group has several lease contracts with Xihu New Energy. As at 30 June 2020, the Group had total lease liabilities with these related
          companies under non-cancellable leases falling due as follows:


                                                                                                          30 June 2020             31 December 2019
                                                                                                               RMB’ 000                          RMB’ 000


            Lease liabilities – current                                                                            6,967                                     –
            Lease liabilities – non-current                                                                      11,530                                      –


                                                                                                                 18,497                                      –


          As at 30 June 2020, the Group’s right-of use assets relating to such lease contracts amounted to RMB 15,296,000 (31 December 2019:
          Nil).


    (d) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:


                                                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                   2020                                2019
                                                                                                               RMB’ 000                          RMB’ 000
                                                                                                            (Unaudited)                        (Unaudited)


            Short term employee benefits                                                                         32,341                              40,202
            Pension scheme contributions                                                                             110                                 212


                                                                                                                 32,451                              40,414


          The related party transactions in respect of the items set out in note 15(a),(b),(c) do not constitute connected transactions as defined in
          Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


16. Fair Value and Fair Value Hierarchy of Financial Instruments

    Management has assessed that the fair values of restricted bank deposits, cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, trade receivables, trade
    and bills payables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, financial liabilities included in other payables
    and accruals, amounts due from/to joint ventures and associates and amounts due from/to other related parties approximate to their carrying
    amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.


    The Group’s corporate finance team headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining the policies and procedures for the fair value
    measurement of financial instruments. The corporate finance team reports directly to the chief financial officer and the audit committee. At
    each reporting date, the corporate finance team analyses the movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs
    applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer. The valuation process and results are discussed
    with the audit committee twice a year for interim and annual financial reporting.
48   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2020


     16. Fair Value and Fair Value Hierarchy of Financial Instruments (Continued)

             The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current
             transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the
             fair values:


             The fair values of the interest-bearing bank and other borrowings have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using
             rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The Group’s own non-performance risk for
             interest-bearing bank and other borrowings as at 30 June 2020 was assessed to be insignificant.


             The fair values of listed equity investments are based on quoted market prices.


             The Group enters into derivative financial instruments with various counterparties. The carrying amount of this derivative financial instruments is
             the same as its fair value. The derivative financial instruments, cross currency swap, are measured using valuation techniques similar to forward
             pricing and swap models, using present value calculations. The models incorporate various market observable inputs including the credit quality
             of counterparties, foreign exchange spot and forward rates. The carrying amounts of those derivative financial instruments are the same as their
             fair values.


             Fair value hierarchy

             The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s and the Company’s financial instruments:


             Assets measured at fair value:
             As at 30 June 2020


                                                                                                  Fair value measurement using
                                                                           Quoted prices             Significant           Significant
                                                                                 in active           observable         unobservable
                                                                                 markets                  inputs                inputs
                                                                                 (Level 1)             (Level 2)              (Level 3)                 Total
                                                                                RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000               RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000
                                                                             (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


                Equity investments designated at fair value
                    through other comprehensive income                         1,808,004                       –                      –            1,808,004
                Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               9,716                53,503                       –               63,219
                Trade receivable financing                                               –            7,327,397                       –            7,327,397
                Derivative financial instruments                                         –               60,923                       –               60,923


                                                                               1,817,720              7,441,823                       –            9,259,543
                                                                                                              BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   49



                                            Notes to Interim Condensed
                                     Consolidated Financial Information                                                              30 June 2020


16. Fair Value and Fair Value Hierarchy of Financial Instruments (Continued)

    Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

    Assets measured at fair value: (Continued)
    As at 31 December 2019


                                                                               Fair value measurement using
                                                             Quoted prices       Significant          Significant
                                                                  in active      observable        unobservable
                                                                   markets           inputs               inputs
                                                                  (Level 1)        (Level 2)            (Level 3)                          Total
                                                                 RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000                      RMB’ 000
                                                                  (Audited)        (Audited)           (Audited)                      (Audited)


     Equity investments designated at fair value
        through other comprehensive income                      1,922,304                 –                      –                 1,922,304
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           8,305          38,303                       –                      46,608
     Trade receivable financing                                          –       7,009,379                       –                 7,009,379
     Derivative financial instruments                                    –          34,345                       –                      34,345


                                                                1,930,609        7,082,027                       –                 9,012,636


    Liabilities measured at fair value:
    As at 30 June 2020


                                                                              Fair value measurement using
                                                             Quoted prices      Significant          Significant
                                                                  in active     observable        unobservable
                                                                  markets            inputs              inputs
                                                                  (Level 1)       (Level 2)            (Level 3)                          Total
                                                                 RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000                      RMB’ 000
                                                               (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)


     Other liabilities                                                   –          18,855                       –                      18,855
     Derivative financial instruments                                    –          19,822                       –                      19,822


                                                                         –          38,677                       –                      38,677
50   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2020


     16. Fair Value and Fair Value Hierarchy of Financial Instruments (Continued)

             Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

             Liabilities measured at fair value: (Continued)
             As at 31 December 2019


                                                                                                Fair value measurement using
                                                                          Quoted prices            Significant           Significant
                                                                               in active           observable         unobservable
                                                                                markets                inputs                inputs
                                                                               (Level 1)             (Level 2)             (Level 3)                Total
                                                                              RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000
                                                                               (Audited)             (Audited)            (Audited)             (Audited)


                Other liabilities                                                     –               18,855                      –              18,855
                Derivative financial instruments                                      –               34,307                      –              34,307


                                                                                      –               53,162                      –              53,162


             During the period, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or out of Level 3 (six
             months ended 30 June 2019: Nil).


             Assets for which fair values are disclosed:
             As at 30 June 2020


                                                                                               Fair value measurement using
                                                                         Quoted prices            Significant           Significant
                                                                              in active           observable         unobservable
                                                                               markets                 inputs               inputs
                                                                              (Level 1)             (Level 2)             (Level 3)                 Total
                                                                             RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000
                                                                           (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


                Long-term receivable                                                  –            1,073,203                      –           1,073,203
                                                                                                               BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020   51



                                           Notes to Interim Condensed
                                    Consolidated Financial Information                                                                30 June 2020


16. Fair Value and Fair Value Hierarchy of Financial Instruments (Continued)

    Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

    Assets for which fair values are disclosed: (Continued)
    As at 31 December 2019


                                                                                Fair value measurement using
                                                              Quoted prices       Significant          Significant
                                                                   in active      observable        unobservable
                                                                    markets           inputs               inputs
                                                                   (Level 1)        (Level 2)            (Level 3)                          Total
                                                                  RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000            RMB’ 000                      RMB’ 000
                                                                   (Audited)        (Audited)           (Audited)                      (Audited)


     Long-term receivable                                                 –       1,240,340                       –                 1,240,340


    Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed:
    As at 30 June 2020


                                                                               Fair value measurement using
                                                              Quoted prices      Significant          Significant
                                                                   in active     observable        unobservable
                                                                   markets            inputs              inputs
                                                                   (Level 1)       (Level 2)            (Level 3)                          Total
                                                                  RMB’ 000        RMB’ 000             RMB’ 000                      RMB’ 000
                                                                (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)


     Other liabilities                                                    –         192,239                       –                    192,239
     Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                           –      67,418,933                       –               67,418,933


                                                                          –      67,611,172                       –               67,611,172
52   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2020




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2020


     16. Fair Value and Fair Value Hierarchy of Financial Instruments (Continued)

             Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

             Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed: (Continued)
             As at 31 December 2019


                                                                                                  Fair value measurement using
                                                                            Quoted prices            Significant            Significant
                                                                                 in active          observable          unobservable
                                                                                 markets                 inputs                   inputs
                                                                                 (Level 1)             (Level 2)                (Level 3)         Total
                                                                               RMB’ 000              RMB’ 000               RMB’ 000         RMB’ 000
                                                                                (Audited)             (Audited)              (Audited)        (Audited)


                Other liabilities                                                       –             192,239                          –      192,239
                Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                              –          75,978,345                          –    75,978,345


                                                                                        –          76,170,584                          –    76,170,584


     17. Events after the Reporting Period

             There have been no other material events occurring after 30 June 2020 and up to the date of this interim report.


     18. Approval of the Financial Statements

             The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 28 August 2020.
