Stock code 股份代號: 1211




INTERIM REPORT
2016 年中期報告
                                                                                                                     BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   1




Interim Results for the Six Months Ended 30 June 2016 (the “Period”)

    Turnover                                                                                     43.74%                   to RMB43,745 million

    Gross Profit                                                                                 86.28%                     to RMB8,523 million

    Profit attributable to owners of the parent                                                 384.23%                     to RMB2,260 million

    Earning per share                                                                           359.90%                                 to RMB0.87


Highlights

–       New energy vehicle business developed rapidly, and the sales income increased significantly by approximately 1.61 times year on year to
        approximately RMB15,316 million.


–       The metal components and assembly business grew rapidly, and profit from rechargeable battery and photovoltaic business improved
        significantly


–       The Board recommended the payment of interim cash dividend of RMB0.367 per share (including tax)
2   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




    Management Discussion & Analysis
    Industry Analysis and Review

    Automobiles Business
    In the first half of the year, expectation of the Federal Reserve System’s move to raise the prime interest rate unsettled the market while Brexit affected
    the economy of European Union or even that of the world. Developed economies’ overall demand remained sluggish, and emerging markets’ economic
    growth decelerated. Overall, global economic recovery was weak. China’s economic growth continued to decelerate as the country recorded a gross
    domestic product growth of 6.7% in the first half of 2016. To cope with the complicated economic situations at home and abroad and on-going
    economic downward pressure, the Chinese government stepped up the supply-side reforms and strengthened the cultivation of strategic emerging
    industries while moderately stimulating the overall demand. As a result, the national economy grew steadily.


    According to statistics from China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, in the first half of 2016, the production and sales of automobiles in China
    reached 12,892,200 units and 12,829,800 units respectively, up by 6.5% and 8.1% year on year correspondingly. Specifically, sport utility vehicle
    (“SUV”) kept the momentum of rapid growth, the sales of which rose by 44.3% year on year to 3,850,100 units in the first half of the year, and it
    remained an important growth engine of China’s automobile market. Meanwhile, the market for sedans continued to shrink year on year and was
    intensely competitive. During the Period, Chinese brand passenger vehicles kept gaining market share, which grew by 1.4 percentage points year on
    year to 42.9%, which was a new high since 2010.


    Sales of new energy automobiles continued to skyrocket in the first half of 2016, and remained as a highlight of China’s automobile market. According
    to statistics from China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, sales of new energy automobiles surged by 126.9% year on year to 170,000 units in
    the first half of this year. Sales of pure electric vehicles increased by 161.6% year on year to 126,000 units while plug-in hybrid vehicle sales rose by
    64.2% year on year to 44,000 units.


    New energy automobile plays a strategic role in the transformation of China’s automobile industry and is in the crucial period of rapid development.
    In the first half of 2016, governments at the national, provincial and municipal levels adopted various supportive policies on the development of new
    energy automobiles while enhancing supervision and management to promote the healthy development of new energy automobile industry. At the
    national level, China’s central government took various measures to proactively support the development of new energy automobile. For instance, it
    provided fiscal subsidies and tax exemption, and encouraged construction of charging facilities. Meanwhile, provincial and municipal governments all
    over the country actively launched policies to subsidize the application of new energy automobiles and to grant preferential treatments that exempted
    new energy automobile users from restrictions on vehicle purchase and traffic control. Some municipal governments which imposed restrictions on
    issue of vehicle licences even issued such licences to new energy automobile users free of charge. All these measures were aimed at popularizing new
    energy automobiles at local markets. In the first half of 2016, over 10 provinces and cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Wuhan and Xi’an have
    formulated the criteria for granting subsidies to new energy automobile users.


    Pursuant to the Notice on the 13th Five-year Plan in relation to the Incentive Policies on New Energy Vehicle Charging Infrastructure and the Promotion
    of Application of New Energy Vehicles 《
                                          ( 關於“十三五”新能源汽車充電基礎設施獎勵政策及加強新能源汽車推廣應用的通知》) jointly
    released by the Ministry of Finance and other four ministries in January 2016, subsidies in the amount ranging from RMB30 million to RMB200 million
    will be allocated to the construction and operation of charging facilities and battery charging or swap network based on the progress in promotion
    of new energy automobiles in each city. To better promote development of new energy automobiles and implement policies on differentiated traffic
    management, the Ministry of Public Security intended to have license plates specially issued for new energy automobiles and published the “Plate Style
    and Design Specifications of New Energy Automobiles” ( 《新能源汽車號牌式樣和設計說明》 ) in April 2016, and consulted the public about
    the style of the licence plate for the new energy automobile. Such policies have improved the policy environment and led to enhanced infrastructure for
    the new energy automobile industry, which will add impetus to the industry’s development.
                                                                                                                            BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   3




                                    Management Discussion & Analysis
Mobile Handset Components and Assembly Business
According to statistics from IDC, an authoritative global market research institution, the global smartphone shipments grew by 0.2% year on year to
678 million units in the first half of 2016, representing the slowest year on year growth over the years and indicating a significant slowdown. However,
China’s smartphone brands maintained stronger sales despite the downturn of the global smartphone market. According to statistics from the China
Academy of Information and Communication Technology, domestic smartphone shipments grew by 13.0% year on year to 235 million units in the first
half of 2016, accounting for over 30% of the global market. Meanwhile, China remained the biggest smartphone market in the world.


In addition, with sound mechanic performance and outstanding appearance, metal casings have gained wide popularity among consumers. The
penetration of metal components in the markets for smartphones and other mobile intelligent terminals kept growing rapidly. The expanding market for
the metal components means huge potential for growth for suppliers who have comprehensive technologies and a diverse customer base.


Rechargeable Batteries and Photovoltaic Business
As to traditional batteries, the persistently weak growth in sales of global consumer electronic products, coupled with the fierce market competition,
resulted in weak demand for lithium batteries and nickel batteries during the Period. In the year to date, the world’s installed photovoltaic power
capacity grew consistently. Meanwhile, China’s photovoltaic industry reduced the costs of production quickly because it attained economies of scale
and innovated in technologies, which lifted its global standing quickly against the background of industry recovery.


Business Review

BYD Company Limited (“BYD” or the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) are principally engaged in the automobile
business (including the production and sales of new energy automobiles and conventional fuel vehicles), the handset components and assembly
business and the rechargeable battery and photovoltaic business. For the six months ended 30 June 2016, the Group’s revenue was approximately
RMB43,745 million, representing a year on year increase of 43.74%. The business of automobiles and related products realized a revenue of
approximately RMB23,392 million, up by 37.91% year on year. In particular, the revenue from the new energy automobile business was approximately
RMB15,316 million, representing a year on year increase of approximately 1.61 times and its proportion in the Group’s total revenue increased to
35.01%. The revenue from the handset components and assembly business was approximately RMB16,293 million, up by 44.50% year on year. The
revenue from the rechargeable battery and photovoltaic business was about RMB4,060 million, up by 84.74% year on year. These three business
segments accounted for 53.47%, 37.25% and 9.28% respectively of the Group’s total revenue.


Automobiles Business
BYD seized the opportunities arising from the surging growth in the new energy automobile industry by strategically strengthening the research and
development of and the investment in the business of new energy automobiles to satisfy the strong demand for new energy automobiles, further
reinforced its technological advantages and introduced superior new models and enhanced its battery production capacity. As a company which
spearheaded the innovation in and commercialization of new energy automobiles, sales of the Group’s new energy automobile surged by 130.74% year
on year to approximately 49,000 units during the Period. In particular, pure electric vehicle sales increased by 310.82% year on year to approximately
22,000 units. According to statistics from China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, BYD’s share of the new energy automobile market was
approximately 27% in the first half of 2016, while its market share for new energy passenger vehicles was approximately 36%, thus accounting for
over one third of the sales volume of new energy passenger vehicles in China in the first half of the year. BYD continued to dominate the market for
plug-in hybrid vehicles with a 65% share of the market in the first half of the year. This reinforced the Group’s leading position in the new energy
automobile industry.
4   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




    Management Discussion & Analysis
    In the first half of the year, the plug-in hybrid SUV model of the Group, “Tang”, maintained its popularity amongst consumers and ranked the No. 1
    model in China’s new energy automobile market. The plug-in hybrid vehicle model, “Qin”, and the “e6” pure electric passenger vehicles continued to be
    the bestsellers and ranked among the top five in the sales charts of new energy automobiles in the first half of the year. In the pure electric passenger
    vehicles market, the Group launched “Qin EV300” and “e5” models at the end of March, which enriched the product portfolio of the Group’s passenger
    vehicle business and added impetus to its business expansion in Beijing. The Group also published its new energy model, mini-SUV “Yuan” under
    the 542 strategy in April with outstanding performances, namely the all-wheel drive, oil consumption of less than two liters per 100 kilometers and
    acceleration to 100 km/h in just 4.9 seconds. The model, together with the other two models, “Tang” and “Song”, formed a complete product range
    that covered three mainstream niche markets for medium-sized, compact and mini SUVs.


    In the market of public transport, the Group steadily pushed forward with the applications of pure electric buses and electric taxis in markets at home
    and abroad. Currently, BYD’s pure electric buses have been put into operation in various cities of China, including Shenzhen, Changsha, Wuhan, Nanjing
    and Hangzhou. By the end of June 2016, the accumulated mileage of e6 electric taxis and K9 pure electric buses in Shenzhen reached 390 million
    kilometers and 120 million kilometers respectively, while the highest mileage of an individual vehicle from each of the two categories reached 860,000
    km and 340,000 km respectively, which are currently the highest records in the world in public transport market. Based on the Group’s advantages
    of high technological standards and product quality, BYD received orders for over 8,000 units of electric buses in total from three bus operators in
    Shenzhen in April and July 2016, which surpassed the sales volume of the Group’s electric buses in 2015.


    In overseas markets, the Group received orders from all around the world in the first half of the year. In February, the Group obtained orders for 85
    units of pure electric buses from AVTA (加州羚羊穀交通運輸局). In May, BYD signed a contract to supply 200 units of pure electric buses to
    Canada, and that represented the country’s biggest order for pure electric buses up to now. Meanwhile, BYD signed a cooperation memorandum with
    Indonesian companies Smart Group and Infiniti Wahana Group to introduce 500 units of pure electric buses into the Indonesian market. As a leader
    in new energy automobile industry in the world, BYD’s new energy automobiles have been successfully operated in over 200 cities of more than 48
    countries and regions in six continents, including Japan, America, United Kingdom, Germany, The Netherlands and Australia.


    The Group’s sales of conventional automobiles dropped by 29.61% year on year to approximately 131,000 units in the first half of the year due to the
    fierce market competition in the conventional automobile market. However, the Group actively tapped the strong demand in the domestic SUV market
    brought about by its rapid growth during the Period, and put efforts to promote its profitable mid-range and high-end SUV models, on top of the launch
    of the conventional fuel compact model of “Yuan” in April, thus boosting the Group’s SUV sales. The improved product mix also resulted in consistent
    growth in the average selling price of conventional automobiles for the Period.


    To tap the market for smart cars, the Group has established a strong R&D team which has already developed leading proprietary technologies with
    intellectual properties for smart cars’ sensing, control and execution by the deep research and development of basic and applied technology of smart
    driving. Currently, the Group has significantly improved the smart level of its automobiles by remote control and Cloud services. Many smart driving
    technologies such as automatic parking and adaptive cruise control also will be gradually applied, which drives the progress of automobile’s manual
    driving to smart driving.


    In the first half of 2016, the Group’s auto finance business has also achieved rapid growth and made considerable contributions to the Group’s profit.
    In the Period, BYD Auto Finance Company Limited (比亞迪汽車金融有限公司) (“BYD Auto Finance”), extended credit of approximately RMB1,472
    million to BYD car owners, and provided finance services that cover approximately 20,000 units of cars with penetration rate up to 13.58% of the sales
    volume of BYD’s automobiles, and the rate continued to rise. At the end of June 2016, the Group and Bank of Xi’an Co., Ltd., another shareholder of
    BYD Auto Finance, decided to inject RMB800 million and RMB200 million respectively into BYD Auto Finance. The injection of capital will help BYD Auto
    Finance to grasp the opportunities on the market, ensure smooth execution of its strategic planning and achieve sustainable growth.
                                                                                                                                BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   5




                                     Management Discussion & Analysis
Mobile Handset Components and Assembly Business
As one of the most competitive handset component and assembly service suppliers in the world, BYD provides complete handset design, component
manufacturing and assembly services for both domestic and overseas handset manufacturers through a one-stop business model which features
vertical integration. The revenue from the handset components and assembly business of the Group in the first half of 2016 amounted to approximately
RMB16,293 million, up by approximately 44.50% year on year.


As consumers have ever higher requirements for the feel and appearance of handsets’ casings, mobile phones that feature metallic casings and
light weight become increasingly popular. Leveraging on its rich experience, leading technology and well-developed techniques accumulated in
metal components market, the Group continued to maintain close cooperation with leading handset manufacturers at home and abroad and actively
sought business from new clients to build a base of diverse customers. During the Period, the Group received orders for mid-range and high-end
flagship models of handsets from leading handset manufacturers in Korea and Mainland China. As a result, the metal components business improved
significantly. As to the assembly business, the Group continued to receive orders for assembling smartphones in the form of electronics manufacturing
services (“EMS”) from manufacturers with renowned brands. This led to significant growth of the assembly business. The active expansion of the
Group’s assembly business will also enhance its close relationships with clients, stimulate customers’ demand for other component products and will
be conducive to a sustainable development of its handset components and assembly business.


Rechargeable Battery and Photovoltaic Business
BYD’s rechargeable batteries mainly include lithium-ion batteries and nickel batteries, which are widely used in portable electronic devices, including
handsets, digital cameras, power tools and electrical toys. The Group is also actively researching on and developing power batteries, energy storage
batteries and solar battery products, and is committed to applying such products to new energy vehicles, energy storage stations and solar power
stations, etc. In the first half of 2016, the Group’s rechargeable battery and photovoltaic business recorded revenue of approximately RMB4,060 million,
representing a year on year increase of 84.74%.


The Group was facing the slowdown in global consumer electronic device market and fierce competition in the industry which led to substantial year
on year decreases in sales volume of its nickel batteries. In the area of lithium-ion batteries, the Group has actively sought the battery orders from
globally leading mobile handset manufacturers, achieving a rapid growth in sales. For power batteries, the Group continued to strengthen research and
development, optimize the work flow and expand production capacity at the same time in order to reduce unit production cost through economies of
scale and further improve the comprehensive performance of power batteries. These measures are aimed at enhancing the overall competitiveness of
BYD’s new energy automobiles.


BYD’s energy storage business continued to step up efforts to develop overseas markets and to accelerate the growth of new energy market in the
first half of the year. As its capacity utilization rate increased and the products’ selling prices gradually stabilized, the Company’s solar energy business
improved its profitability significantly and turned around with a profit in the period.


Optimization of Business Structure and Capital Structure

In June 2016, the Group signed a “Cooperative Framework Agreement on the Exploitation of Lithium Resources in Salt Lake” with Qinghai Salt Lake
Industry Co., Ltd.* (青海鹽湖工業股份有限公司) and Shenzhen Hongdatong Industry Co., Ltd.* (深圳市宏達同實業有限公司), pursuant to
which, the parties have agreed to jointly set up a joint venture in Qinghai specializing in the development, processing and sales of products with the
comprehensive utilization of resources (including Lithium resources) in the Salt Lake. Through such cooperation, BYD achieved its strategic planning for
upstream core resources in new energy automobile industry and optimized its new energy automobile industry chain, thus securing an abundant supply
of lithium resources for the Group’s new energy automobiles in the future and enhancing its ability to control the cost of raw materials.
6   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




    Management Discussion & Analysis
    In July 2016, the Group has completed the non-public A shares offering and has issued 252,142,855 A shares at an issue price of RMB57.40
    per A share to six subscribers, raising net proceeds of approximately RMB14,369 million (being the balance of the total proceeds of approximately
    RMB14,473 million after the deduction of expenses of approximately RMB104 million). The A shares issued have been listed on the Shenzhen Stock
    Exchange since 25 July 2016 and are subject to a lock-up of one year. Following the completion of the non-public offering, the registered capital of the
    Company was increased by approximately RMB252 million (being the aggregate nominal value of the A shares issued under the non-public offering) to
    approximately RMB2,728 million, with all the new capital being monetary capital contribution. Further details of the non-public offering are set out in,
    amongst others, the circular of the Company dated 3 July 2015 and the announcements of the Company dated 21 July 2015 and 21 July 2016.


    The proceeds raised from such offering will be used for projects such as expansion of production capacity for lithium ferrous phosphate batteries and
    for research and development of new energy vehicles. The completion of this non-public offering will improve the Group’s financial strength, achieve
    capacity expansion for its new energy automobile batteries and accelerate the research and development of basic technologies for the new energy
    vehicles and new models of such vehicles, help to grasp huge historic opportunities brought by dramatic rise in new energy vehicles industry, provide
    abundant fund support for rapid development of its new energy automobile business and lay a solid foundation for fulfilling the Group’s strategic goals.
    This non-public offering has successfully attracted investments from Guotou Advanced Manufacturing Industry Investment Fund and Samsung Group,
    which demonstrated the nation’s and business circles’ recognition to BYD’s technical capabilities and leading position in the industry and will promote
    the future communications and cooperation with each other in new energy vehicles market. Meanwhile, it optimized the Group’s capital structure,
    thereby effectively reducing our debt ratio and finance costs as well as making remarkable contributions to relieving our financial burdens.


    Prospect and Strategy

    Looking ahead to the second half of the year, global economy is expected to remain complicated and downward pressure on China’s economy will
    remain high. Nevertheless, the country has been pressing ahead with the supply-side reforms and moderately stimulating the overall demand to
    maintain steady economic growth. As a result, the country’s 13th Five-year Plan has got off to a good start. As an emerging industry of strategic
    importance, the new energy vehicle industry will not only make China an automobile-manufacturing powerhouse but also will play a significant role
    in the country’s economic restructuring, industrial upgrading and sustainable development for the long term. As a pioneer and practitioner in the new
    energy industry, BYD will continue to uphold the development philosophy of “Technology, Quality and Responsibility” and will focus on the development
    of new energy-related businesses with its leading technological advantages in the industries of automobiles and batteries and its three core
    technologies, namely new energy automobile batteries, electric motor and electric control. The Group will strive to develop its new energy automobile
    business and make breakthroughs in its new energy vehicle business with the aim of promoting the global automobile industry’s transformation into an
    environmentally-friendly industry.


    Automobiles Business
    As a direction of automobile industry’s development, new energy vehicle industry will obtain full policies support in all aspects. The Office of National
    Development and Reform Commission published the “Measures to Manage Quota on New Energy Vehicles’ Carbon Dioxide Emission” (Consultation
    Document) 《
              ( 新能源汽車碳配額管理辦法》徵求意見稿) in August 2016 to seek comments from other government departments and industry
    associations on legislating for and promoting the healthy development of the market for and industry of new energy vehicles while reinforcing control
    and management of carbon dioxide emissions from vehicles. In the future, the carbon emission quota regime will be imposed on new energy vehicles,
    and this will significantly improve the profitability of new energy vehicle industry and accelerate its development. As a leader in new energy vehicles
    industry, BYD will grasp the opportunities for development and will make additional investments to expand production capacity, improve product
    competitiveness, accelerate research and development and launch more new models with the aim of satisfying the market’s growing demand.
                                                                                                                               BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   7




                                     Management Discussion & Analysis
In the field of passenger vehicles, the Group will launch “Qin 100” and “Tang 100” in the future, which are the upgraded version of plug-in hybrid
vehicles “Qin” and “Tang”, with emphasis on improved performance of power system, mileage and electronic equipment to make them the models
preferred by private car consumers. Such move is expected to make significant contribution to the Group’s sales. Leveraging its advantages in new
energy automobile development and the strong sales performance of local brands SUVs, the Group will also launch the plug-in hybrid vehicle models
“Song” and “Yuan”. With the launch of new models in the future, the Group will be able to further enhance its product portfolio and improve the sales
of its new energy vehicles. This in turn will also enlarge the economies of scale and improve revenue and profitability of its new energy vehicles. The
Group is very confident about the prospect of the new energy vehicle industry.


In the field of public transportation, BYD will increase its market penetration and market share by leveraging on its leading advantages such as
technologies and products. It will also seek to enhance its brand awareness in the international markets and continue to accelerate the expansion of
both the domestic and overseas markets in the second half of the year, thus laying solid foundations for the overall development of its new energy
automobile business.


To further explore the city public transportation business, the Group makes full use of its accumulated technologies in new energy automobile batteries,
electric motor and electric control to develop low-carbon and green straddle monorail. This will help to cope with the increasingly severe traffic jam in
large and medium-sized cities. Straddle monorail, as part of the multilevel transportation, has an exclusive road right similar to metro and is capable
for high-speed, mass transit. Such means of transport will play a significant role in improving cities’ traffic situation. Cost of construction of straddle
monorail is significantly lower than that of subway due to fewer construction limitations and good economic and social effects and is an important
solution for urban public transportation.


The industry of conventional fuel vehicles will continue to face a slowdown. Specifically, the growth in sales of passenger vehicles is expected
to continue to decelerate. However, SUVs under local brands will still enjoy significant advantages in terms of versatility, driving experience and
performance-price ratio, and they will continue to add impetus to the development of China’s automobile market. The Group will actively promote sales
of new SUV models in the second half of the year to boost the development of its conventional fuel vehicle business.


Moreover, in the field of smart driving, with the launch of new models in the future, the Group will provide users with more smart cars technologies,
such as lane keeping, fixed-distance cruise, collision warning and pedestrian recognition, to bring a more convenient, comfortable and safer driving
experience to consumers.


Mobile Handset Components and Assembly Business
An IDC report estimates that the growth in smartphone shipments will gradually decelerate in next five years. The slowdown will lead to more intense
market competition. Handset manufacturers will tend to launch new models with metallic casings to make the products more appealing. As a leading
manufacturer in the handset components and assembly industry, the Group will continue to make effort to develop its metal component business and
widen the range of applications of metallic casings and metallic structural components in the second half of the year to satisfy the market’s increasing
demand. The Group will also actively seek business from new customers at home and abroad to establish a base of more diverse customers and a
broader client network with the aim of achieving sustainable development of its handset component and assembly business.


Rechargeable Battery and Photovoltaic Business
For the business of rechargeable batteries, the Group will, continue to widen the range of applications of lithium-ion batteries and nickel batteries in
order to consolidate its market position. For the photovoltaic businesses, the Group will continue to expand both the domestic and overseas markets
in the second half of the year, improve capacity utilization and sales volume, actively control costs and enhance the revenue and profitability of this
business. At the same time, as the world’s leading power storage solution provider, the Group will put efforts to promote the application of storage
system in more countries and regions across the world.
8   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




    Management Discussion & Analysis
    Estimated Operating Results from January to September 2016

      Change of net profit attributable to owners of the parent from January to September 2016                                 82.51%          to             90.67%

      Change (in range) of net profit attributable to owners of the parent (RMB10,000) from January
                                                                                                                              357,970          to             373,970
      to September 2016

      Net profit attributable to owners of the parent (RMB10,000) from January to September 2015                                            196,136

      Reasons for changes in results                          In the third quarter, the demand of new energy automobiles is expected to remain strong and the Group’s
                                                              new energy automobiles will remain popular. In the market of public transport, delivery of the huge block of
                                                              orders of the Group is expected to begin and sales of electric buses will promote rapidly and new energy
                                                              automobile business will maintain a sound momentum of growth. For the traditional vehicle business, the
                                                              rising of SUV market of local brands and the continuous good sale of the Group’s SUV models are expected
                                                              to drive the sales growth and improvement of product mix of the Group’s traditional vehicle. For handset
                                                              components and assembly business, with the mass production of new models by major customers, such
                                                              business is expected to remain a good momentum in the third quarter. For the solar energy business,
                                                              influenced by policies at home and abroad and decrease in product price, the solar energy business will
                                                              face intensified pressure in the third quarter.


    Financial Review

    Turnover and Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent
    During the Period, turnover increased by 43.74% as compared to that of the first half of 2015, mainly driven by the increase in turnover from
    business of automobiles and related products from RMB16,962 million to RMB23,392 million as compared with the corresponding period of last year,
    representing a year on year increase of 37.91%. Profit attributable to owners of the parent increased by 384.23% as compared to the same period last
    year, mainly due to the increase in new energy vehicle business.


    Segment Information
    The chart below sets out comparisons of the Group’s turnover by product category for the six months ended 30 June 2016 and 2015:

                                                         9%                                                              7%
                                              Rechargeable batteries and                                      Rechargeable batteries and
                                                photovoltaic business                                           photovoltaic business


                                                                                                      37%
                                                                                               Handset components
                                                                                              and assembly business
                                      37%                                                                                                       56%
                             Handset components
                                                                     2016                                                        2015           Automobiles
                            and assembly business                                       54%
                                                                                        Automobiles




                                                              1H 2016                                                    1H 2015



    During the Period, the new energy vehicle business of the Group grew significantly, while proportion of automobiles and related products decreased
    due to the impact of sales of traditional automobiles, and the proportions of handset components and assembly business remained unchanged while
    rechargeable batteries and photovoltaic business increased.


    Gross Profit and Margin
    During the Period, the Group’s gross profit increased by approximately 86.28% to approximately RMB8,523 million. Gross profit margin increased from
    approximately 15.03% in the first half of 2015 to approximately 19.48% during the Period. The increase in gross profit margin was attributable to the
    increase in proportion of revenue from new energy automobile business.
                                                                                                                             BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   9




                                     Management Discussion & Analysis
Liquidity and Financial Resources
During the Period, BYD recorded an operating cash outflow of approximately RMB1,428 million, compared with an operating cash inflow of
approximately RMB3,022 million in the first half of last year. The cash outflow of the Group recorded during the Period was mainly due to the increases
in goods purchased and services received in its operating activities. Total borrowings as at 30 June 2016, including all bank loans, bond payables and
other secured loans, were approximately RMB44,262 million, compared with approximately RMB37,643 million as at 31 December 2015. The maturity
profile of bank loans, bond payables and other secured loans spread over a period of fourteen years, with approximately RMB36,575 million repayable
within one year and approximately RMB3,712 million repayable in the second year, approximately RMB3,975 million repayable within the third to the
fourteenth years. The Group maintained adequate cash to meet its daily liquidity management and capital expenditure requirements and controlled its
internal operating cash flows.


Turnover days of trade and bills receivables were approximately 123 days for the six months ended 30 June 2016, compared to approximately
124 days for the same period in 2015. There was no obvious change in turnover days of trade and bills receivables. Inventory turnover days were
approximately 83 days for the six months ended 30 June 2016, compared to approximately 84 days for the same period in 2015. Inventory turnover
days had no obvious change.


Capital Structure
The Group’s Financial Division is responsible for the Group’s financial risk management which operates according to policies implemented and
approved by the senior management. As at 30 June 2016, borrowings were primarily settled in Renminbi, while cash and cash equivalents were
primarily held in Renminbi and US dollars. The Group plans to maintain an appropriate mix of share capital and debt to ensure an efficient capital
structure during the Period. As at 30 June 2016, the Group’s outstanding loans included Renminbi loans and foreign currency loans and approximately
58% (31 December 2015: 52%) of such outstanding loans were at fixed interest rates, with the remaining at floating interest rates.


The Group monitors its capital by using gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by equity. The Group’s policy is to maintain the gearing ratio as low as
possible. Net debt includes interest-bearing bank and other borrowings less cash and cash equivalents. Equity represents equity attributable to owners
of the parent. Therefore, the gearing ratios of the Group was 127% and 109% as at 30 June 2016 and 31 December 2015, respectively.


The Group completed the issue of 2016 Tranche I Medium Term Notes (“Tranche I Notes”) and 2016 Tranche II Medium Term Notes (“Tranche II Notes”)
on 24 February 2016 and 26 February 2016, respectively. The tranche I Notes and Tranche II Notes were issued at par of RMB100 each for a term of
5+N years (due upon redemption by the Company pursuant to the terms of the issue) to raise RMB200 million and RMB400 million, respectively. The
coupon interest rate for the first 5 years for which interest is accruable is 5.1% per annum. Starting from the 6th year for which interest is accruable,
the coupon interest rate is reset every 5 years.


As at 30 June 2016, machinery, equipment and buildings with carrying amount value of RMB76,555,000 (31 December 2015: RMB75,506,000)
and projects under construction of RMB 9,347,000 (31 December 2015: RMB9,153,000) have been pledged as securities for the long term loans of
RMB51,253,000 (31 December 2015: RMB51,693,000) granted to the Group, of which RMB26,506,000 (31 December 2015: RMB26,731,000) was
long term loans due within a year.
10   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




     Management Discussion & Analysis
     Foreign Exchange Risk
     Most of the Group’s income and expenditure are settled in Renminbi and US dollars. During the Period, the Group did not experience any significant
     difficulties in or impacts on its operations or liquidity due to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. The Directors believe that the Group has sufficient
     foreign exchange to meet its own foreign exchange requirements and will adopt practical and effective measures to prevent exposure to exchange rate
     risk.


     Employment, Training and Development
     As at 30 June 2016, the Group had employed approximately 210,000 employees. During the Period, total staff cost accounted for approximately
     15.86% of the Group’s turnover. Employees’ remuneration was determined based on performance, qualification and prevailing industry practices,
     with compensation policies being reviewed on a regular basis. Bonuses and commissions may also be awarded to employees based on their annual
     performance appraisal. Incentives were offered to encourage personal development.


     Share Capital
     As at 30 June 2016, the share capital of the Company was as follows:


                                                                                                                   Number of shares
                                                                                                                               issued         Percentage (%)
      A shares                                                                                                         1,561,000,000                     63.05
      H shares                                                                                                           915,000,000                     36.95
      Total                                                                                                            2,476,000,000                    100.00


     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of Shares

     The Company did not redeem any of its shares during the period from 1 January 2016 to 30 June 2016. During the Period, neither the Company nor
     any of its subsidiaries purchased or sold any of the Company’s shares.


     Capital Commitments

     Please refer to note 15 to the financial statements for details of capital commitments.


     Contingent Liabilities

     Please refer to note 14 to the financial statements for details of contingent liabilities.


     Post Balance Sheet Events

     Except the issue of 252,142,855 A shares under the non-public offering in July 2016 and the recommendation of the payment of the Interim Dividend
     (as defined hereafter), there are no other material post balance sheet events.
                                                                                                                            BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   11




                                                               Supplementary Information
Corporate Governance

Compliance with Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”)
The Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) is committed to maintaining and ensuring high standards of corporate governance practices.


The Board has emphasized on maintaining a quality Board with various expertise among directors, high transparency and an effective system for
accountability, in order to enhance shareholders’ value. The Board is of the view that the Company has complied with the applicable code provisions of
the Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules during the Period except for the following deviation:


Code A.2.1
Code A.2.1 stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual.


Mr. Wang Chuan-fu is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Board considers that this structure will not impair the balance
of rights and authorities between the Board and the management. The Board of the Company comprises experienced and high calibre individuals
and meets regularly every three months to discuss issues affecting operations of the Group. Through the operation of the Board, a sufficient balance
between rights and authorities is assured. The Board believes that this structure is conducive to a strong and consistent leadership, enabling the Group
to make and implement decisions promptly and efficiently. The Board has full confidence in Mr. Wang and believes his appointment to the posts of
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is beneficial to the business development of the Company.


Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules (the
“Model Code”) as the code of conduct regarding directors’ securities transactions. After making specific enquiries to all directors, all directors have
confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code during the Period.
12   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




     Supplementary Information
     Disclosure Pursuant to Rule 13.51B (1) of the Listing Rules
     Since the publication of the latest annual report of the Company and up to 30 June 2016, there is no other information required to be disclosed
     pursuant to Rule 13.51B (1) of the Listing Rules.


     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
     During the six months ended 30 June 2016, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any listed securities of the
     Company.


     The Board’s Diversity Policy
     The Board has adopted the Diversity Policy, which sets out the approach to diversity of Board members. In determining the Board composition, the
     Company considers a range of diversity elements, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and education background, professional experience,
     skills and knowledge. All appointments of the Board will be made based on merit and objective criteria while taking into full account of the benefits of
     Board’s diversity.


     Audit Committee
     The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-executive directors and one non-executive director. A meeting was convened by the Company’s
     Audit Committee on 26 August 2016 to review the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Group and to discuss matters of auditing,
     internal control, risk management and financial reporting (including the financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2016) before making
     recommendations to the Board for approval of the relevant matters.


     The Audit Committee has reviewed the results of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2016.


     Interim Dividend
     The Board resolved on 26 August 2016 to recommend the payment of interim cash dividend (the “Interim Dividend”) for the six months ended 30 June
     2016 of RMB0.367 per share (including tax) (For the six months ended 30 June 2015: Nil), with a total amount of approximately RMB1,001,228,000
     in aggregate based on the total share capital of 2,728,142,855 shares of the Company as at 26 August 2016. The proposal of the Interim Dividend is
     subject to consideration and approval at the Company’s forthcoming extraordinary general meeting (the “EGM”).


     The Company will issue announcement, circular and notice of general meeting regarding the EGM in accordance with the Listing Rules and the
     articles of association of the Company. The Company will also make separate announcement regarding the record date and date of closure of register
     of members for the payment of the Interim Dividend to the holders of H shares. It is expected that the Interim Dividend will be distributed before 30
     December 2016.
                                                                                                                            BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   13




                                                              Supplementary Information
The dividend will be denominated and declared in RMB. The holders of A shares will be paid in RMB and the holders of H shares will be paid in Hong
Kong dollars. The exchange rate for the dividend to be paid in Hong Kong dollars will be the mean of the exchange rates of Hong Kong dollars to RMB
as announced by the People’s Bank of China during the five business days prior to the date of declaration of the dividend at the EGM.


In accordance with the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China (中華人民共和國企業所得稅法) and its implementation
regulations which came into effect on 1 January 2008, the Company is required to withhold and pay enterprise income tax at the rate of 10% on behalf
of the non-resident enterprise shareholders whose names appear on the register of members for H shares when distributing the cash dividends. Any
H shares not registered under the name of an individual shareholder, including HKSCC Nominees Limited, other nominees, agents or trustees, or other
organisations or groups, will be deemed as shares held by non-resident enterprise shareholders. Therefore, enterprise income tax will be withheld from
dividends payable to such shareholders. If holders of H shares intend to change its shareholder status, please enquire about the relevant procedures
with your agents or trustees. The Company will strictly comply with the law or the requirements of the relevant government authority and withhold and
pay enterprise income tax on behalf of the relevant shareholders based on the register of members for H shares as at the record date of the Interim
Dividend.


In accordance with the “Circular on Certain Issues Concerning the Policies of Individual Income Tax” (Cai Shui Zi [1994] No.020) 《
                                                                                                                                 ( 關於個人所得
稅若干政策問題的通知》(財稅字[1994]020號)) promulgated by the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation on 13 May
1994, overseas individuals are, as an interim measure, exempted from the PRC individual income tax for dividend or bonuses received from foreign-
invested enterprises. In accordance with the “Letter of the State Administration of Taxation concerning Taxation Issues of Dividends Received by
Foreign Individuals Holding Shares of Companies Listed in China” (Guo Shui Han Fa [1994] No. 440) 《
                                                                                                  ( 外籍個人持有中國境內上市公司股
票所取得的股息有關稅收問題的函》(國稅函發[1994]440號)) as promulgated by the State Administration of Taxation on 26 July 1994,
dividends (capital bonuses) received by foreign individuals holding B shares or overseas shares (including H shares) from Chinese enterprises issuing
such B shares or overseas shares are temporarily exempted from individual income tax. Accordingly, in the payment of Interim Dividend, the Company
will not withhold and pay the individual income tax on behalf of individual Shareholders when the Company distributes the Interim Dividend to individual
Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of H shares of the Company.


Shareholders are recommended to consult their tax advisor regarding the ownership and disposal of H shares of the Company in the PRC and in Hong
Kong and other tax effects.
14   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




     Supplementary Information
     Directors’, Supervisors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests

     As at 30 June 2016, the interests of each of the directors, supervisors and chief executives of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and
     debentures of the Company or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the
     Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”)) which were required to be notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Hong Kong
     Stock Exchange”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests which were taken or deemed to be owned under the relevant
     provisions of the SFO), or which were required to be recorded in the register specified in section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified
     to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code of Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers under the
     Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (for this purpose, the relevant provisions of the SFO will be interpreted as
     applicable to the supervisors) were as follows:


     A Shares of RMB1.00 each

                                                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                                                              percentage of            Approximate
                                                                                                                             shareholding in          percentage of
                                                                                                                            the total number        shareholding in
                                                                                                                                   of issued        the total issued
     Name                                                                                         Number of A shares           A shares (%)        share capital (%)


     Wang Chuan-fu (Director)                                                                         512,623,820 (L)               32.84%                 20.70 %
                                                                                                             (Note 1)
     Lv Xiang-yang (Director)                                                                         401,910,480 (L)               25.75%                  16.23%
                                                                                                             (Note 2)
     Xia Zuo-quan (Director)                                                                             118,977,060                 7.62%                   4.81%


     (L) – Long Position


     Notes:


     1.       The 512,623,820 A shares does not comprise the 3,727,700 A shares held by Mr. Wang through E Fund Asset BYD Zengchi No.1 Assets Management Plan.


     2.       Of the 401,910,480 A shares, 239,228,620 A shares were held by Mr. Lv in his personal capacity and 162,681,860 A shares were held by Youngy Investment
              Holding Group Co., Ltd. (融捷投資控股集團有限公司) (“Youngy Investment”, formerly known as Guangzhou Youngy Management & Investment Group
              Company Limited). Youngy Investment was in turn held by Mr. Lv and his spouse as to 89.5% and 10.5%, respectively. Mr. Lv was therefore deemed to be
              interested in 162,681,860 A shares under the SFO.
                                                                                                                                     BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   15




                                                                   Supplementary Information
H Shares of RMB1.00 each

                                                                                                                            Approximate
                                                                                                                           percentage of                 Approximate
                                                                                                                          shareholding in               percentage of
                                                                                                                         the total number             shareholding in
                                                                                                       Number of                of issued             the total issued
Name                                                                                                    H shares            H shares (%)            share capital (%)


Wang Chuan-fu (Director)                                                                             1,000,000 (L)                0.11%                          0.04%
Xia Zuo-quan (Director)                                                                                500,000 (L)                0.05%                          0.02%
                                                                                                          (Note 1)


(L) – Long Position


Note:


1.      Of the 500,000 H shares, 195,000 H shares were held by Mr. Xia as a beneficial owner and 305,000 H shares were held by Sign Investments Limited, which was
        wholly-owned by Mr. Xia.


Saved as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2016, none of the directors, supervisors or chief executives of the Company had an interest or short position
in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which
was required to be (a) recorded in the register to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (b) notified to the Company and the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers.
16   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




     Supplementary Information
     Shareholders with Notifiable Interests

     As at 30 June 2016, to the best knowledge of the Directors of the Company, the following persons (other than the directors, supervisors and chief
     executives of the Company) had interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company which were required to be disclosed to
     the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or entered in the register kept by the
     Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:


     1.      A Shares of RMB1.00 each

                                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                                                     percentage of            Approximate
                                                                                                                                   shareholding in           percentage of
                                                                                                                                  the total number         shareholding in
                                                                                                                Number of                 of issued        the total issued
             Name                                                                                                A shares             A shares (%)        share capital (%)


             Youngy Investment (Note 1)                                                                    162,681,860 (L)                 10.42%                   6.57%


             (L) – Long Position


             Note:


             1.       Youngy Investment was owned by Mr. Lv Xiang-yang, a non-executive director of the Company as to 89.5%. Mr. Lv was therefore deemed to be interested in
                      the 162,681,860 A shares held by Youngy Investment under the SFO.
                                                                                                                                             BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   17




                                                                       Supplementary Information
2.   H Shares of RMB1.00 each

                                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                                                   percentage of                Approximate
                                                                                                                                 shareholding in               percentage of
                                                                                                                                the total number             shareholding in
                                                                                                            Number of                   of issued            the total issued
     Name                                                                                                    H shares               H shares (%)            share capital (%)


     Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Note 1)                                                                   225,000,000 (L)                  24.59%                          9.09%
     Berkshire Hathaway Energy (Note 1)                                                                 225,000,000 (L)                  24.59%                          9.09%
     Li Lu (Note 2)                                                                                      75,387,200 (L)                   8.24%                          3.04%
     LL Group, LLC (Note 2)                                                                              75,387,200 (L)                   8.24%                          3.04%


     (L) – Long Position (S) – Short Position


     Notes:


     1.       Berkshire Hathaway Inc. was deemed to be interested in 225,000,000 H shares (L) through its controlled corporation, Berkshire Hathaway Energy (formerly
              known as MidAmerican Energy Holdings Company) which directly held 225,000,000 H shares.


     2.       LL Group, LLC was deemed to be interested in 75,387,200 H shares (L) through its controlled corporation, Himalaya Capital Investors, L.P. (formerly known
              as LL Investment Partners, L.P.). Li Lu, being the controlling shareholder of Capital Investors, L.P. (formerly known as LL Group, LLC), was also deemed to be
              interested in 75,387,200 H shares (L).


     As at 30 June 2016, the total issued share capital of the Company was RMB2,476,000,000, divided into 1,561,000,000 A shares of RMB1.00
     each and 915,000,000 H shares of RMB1.00 each, all of which have been fully paid up.
18   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




     Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016



                                                                                            For the six months ended
                                                                                  Notes   30 June 2016           30 June 2015
                                                                                           (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                                                                              RMB’000                   RMB’000


       REVENUE                                                                     5        43,745,486             30,434,774


       Cost of sales                                                                       (35,222,516)           (25,859,539)


       Gross profit                                                                          8,522,970                 4,575,235


       Other income and gains                                                      5          383,466                   254,408
       Government grants and subsidies                                                        211,739                   329,309
       Selling and distribution costs                                                       (1,804,047)            (1,201,130)
       Research and development costs                                                       (1,153,577)                 (743,982)
       Administrative expenses                                                              (1,870,659)            (1,513,757)
       Other expenses                                                                         (265,295)                  (91,044)
       Finance costs                                                               6          (900,723)                 (687,696)
       Share of profits and losses of:
           Joint ventures                                                                     (123,374)                  (90,474)
           Associates                                                                            8,575                      (331)


       PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                                           7         3,009,075                  830,538


       Income tax expense                                                          8          (540,008)                 (206,342)


       PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                                                 2,469,067                  624,196


       Attributable to:
           Owners of the parent                                                              2,259,696                  466,660
           Non-controlling interests                                                          209,371                   157,536


                                                                                             2,469,067                  624,196


       Earnings per share attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent
           – basic and diluted for the period                                      9         RMB 0.87                  RMB 0.19
                                                                            BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   19


                             Interim Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                      For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016



                                                              For the six months ended
                                                            30 June 2016                   30 June 2015
                                                             (Unaudited)                        (Unaudited)
                                                                RMB’000                           RMB’000


PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                          2,469,067                           624,196


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME


Other comprehensive income to be reclassified to
   profit or loss in subsequent periods:
Available-for-sale investments:
   Changes in fair value                                        (295,561)                                     –
   Income tax effect                                             73,891                                       –


Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations        13,017                                5,997


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD, NET OF TAX           (208,653)                              5,997


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD                      2,260,414                           630,193


Attributable to:
   Owners of the parent                                        2,037,343                           473,772
   Non-controlling interests                                    223,071                            156,421


                                                               2,260,414                           630,193
20   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




     Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     As at 30 June 2016



                                                                30 June     31 December
                                                     Notes         2016            2015
                                                             (Unaudited)        (Audited)
                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


       NON-CURRENT ASSETS
       Property, plant and equipment                  10     40,451,389      38,126,333
       Prepaid land lease payments                            4,790,528       4,655,610
       Goodwill                                                  65,914          65,914
       Other intangible assets                                7,083,499       7,102,816
       Non-current prepayments                                3,718,087       3,997,044
       Long-term receivable                                      41,279          65,773
       Investments in joint ventures                          1,377,436       1,522,017
       Investments in associates                                426,509         366,698
       Available-for-sale investments                         2,775,796       3,071,357
       Deferred tax assets                                    1,127,898       1,080,416
       Property under development                               914,307         912,635

       Total non-current assets                              62,772,642      60,966,613

       CURRENT ASSETS
       Inventories                                    11     16,044,181      15,750,550
       Trade and bills receivables                    12     32,287,059      26,678,639
       Prepayments, deposits and other receivables            3,481,305       3,280,091
       Due from the joint ventures and associates             1,479,683       1,800,859
       Due from the related parties                             154,441         338,332
       Completed property held for sale                          41,734          56,038
       Derivative financial instruments                           5,045          18,207
       Pledged deposits                                         277,420         316,895
       Short-term deposits                                      240,700         268,600
       Cash and cash equivalents                              4,950,627       6,010,931

       Total current assets                                  58,962,195      54,519,142

       CURRENT LIABILITIES
       Trade and bills payables                       13     28,291,687      30,655,830
       Other payables                                         4,402,911       4,557,156
       Advances from customers                                1,629,643       2,438,009
       Deferred income                                          193,162         155,629
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings            36,575,133      26,412,860
       Due to joint ventures and associates                     352,830         393,428
       Due to related parties                                   480,591         429,429
       Tax payable                                              263,729         289,206
       Provision                                              1,030,170         778,577

       Total current liabilities                             73,219,856      66,110,124

       NET CURRENT LIABILITIES                               (14,257,661)   (11,590,982)

       TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                 48,514,981      49,375,631


                                                                             continued/…
                                                                BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   21


                                            Interim Condensed
                    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                As at 30 June 2016



                                                     30 June                    31 December
                                                        2016                                2015
                                                  (Unaudited)                          (Audited)
                                                    RMB’000                           RMB’000


NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings         7,686,967                       11,229,901
Deferred tax liabilities                             464,658                           568,149
Deferred income                                    1,575,157                        1,546,108
Other liabilities                                      1,119                               2,232


Total non-current liabilities                      9,727,901                       13,346,390


Net assets                                        38,787,080                       36,029,241


EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                      2,476,000                        2,476,000
Reserves                                          28,557,372                       26,618,404
Perpetual loans                                    3,795,800                        3,200,000


                                                  34,829,172                       32,294,404


Non-controlling interests                          3,957,908                        3,734,837


Total equity                                      38,787,080                       36,029,241
22   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




     Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016



                                                                                                      Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                               Share                        Statutory      Exchange                       Proposed                         Non-
                                                                Issued      premium         Capital           surplus     fluctuation        Retained          final                 controlling
                                                                capital      account       reserve reserve fund              reserve           profits     dividend          Total     interests   Total equity
                                                            (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)
                                                             RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


         At 1 January 2015                                  2,476,000     5,863,563     4,432,638         2,109,406        (153,624) 10,637,614                   – 25,365,597       3,528,840 28,894,437
         Profit for the period                                       –             –             –                 –               –         466,660              –      466,660       157,536       624,196
         Other comprehensive income for
            the period:
            Exchange differences on translation
            of foreign operations                                    –             –             –                 –           7,112                –             –         7,112        (1,115)        5,997


         Total comprehensive income for
            the period                                               –             –             –                  –          7,112         466,660              –      473,772       156,421       630,193


         Reduction of equity interests in of subsidiaries            –             –             –                 –               –                –             –             –     (100,000)     (100,000)
         The government subsidies designated
            to increase the capital reserve                          –             –         2,076                 –               –           (2,076)            –             –             –              –


         At 30 June 2015                                    2,476,000     5,863,563*    4,434,714*        2,109,406*       (146,512)* 11,102,198*                 – 25,839,369       3,585,261 29,424,630


     *         These reserves include the consolidated reserve of RMB23,363,369,000 in Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as at 30 June 2015.
                                                                                                                                                                                               continued/…
                                                                                                                                                                           BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   23


                                                        Interim Condensed
                               Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                                                                           For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016



                                                                                              Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                   Share                    Statutory      Exchange                        Proposed                                        Non-
                                                    Issued      premium         Capital      surplus      fluctuation       Retained           final    Perpetual                    controlling
                                                    capital      account       reserve reserve fund          reserve          profits      dividend          loan           Total      interests    Total equity
                                                (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)
                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


    At 1 January 2016                            2,476,000     5,863,563     5,431,701     2,384,751        (164,455)    13,102,844               –     3,200,000      32,294,404     3,734,837     36,029,241
    Profit for the period                                –             –             –              –               –      2,259,696              –             –       2,259,696       209,371      2,469,067
    Other comprehensive income for
       the period:                                       –             –             –              –              –                 –            –             –               –             –               –
       Change in fair value of available-for-
       sale investments, net of tax                      –             –      (221,670)             –              –                 –            –             –        (221,670)            –       (221,670)
       Exchange differences on translation
       of foreign operations                             –             –             –              –           (683)                –            –             –            (683)       13,700         13,017


    Total comprehensive income for
       the period                                        –             –      (221,670)             –           (683)      2,259,696              –             –       2,037,343       223,071      2,260,414


    Issue of shares                                      –             –             –              –               –                –            –             –               –             –               –
    Issue of perpetual loan                              –             –             –              –              –                 –            –       595,800        595,800              –        595,800
    Disposal of subsidiaries                             –             –             –              –              –                 –            –             –               –             –               –
    Perpetual loan interest paid                         –             –             –              –              –         (98,375)             –             –         (98,375)            –         (98,375)
    The government subsidies designated
       to increase the capital reserve                   –             –         1,137              –              –          (1,137)             –             –               –             –               –


    At 30 June 2016                              2,476,000     5,863,563*    5,211,168*    2,384,751*       (165,138)* 15,263,028*                –     3,795,800      34,829,172     3,957,908     38,787,080


*          These reserve amounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB28,557,372,000 in the interim condensed consolidated statement of financial position as at 30
           June 2016.
24   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




     Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016



                                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                  Notes             2016                   2015
                                                                                             (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                                                                RMB’000                 RMB’000


       CASH FLOWS (USED IN)/FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
       Profit before tax                                                                      3,009,075                  830,538
       Adjustments for:
          Finance costs                                                            6            900,723                  687,696
          Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates                          114,799                    90,805
          Bank interest income                                                     5            (64,830)                  (37,994)
          Government grants and subsidies                                                      (177,676)                  (23,894)
          Loss on disposal of items of non-current assets                                        22,398                     3,763
       Fair value gains, net:
          Derivative instruments                                                                 13,162                          –
          Loss on disposal of a joint venture                                                       560                          –
          Gain on disposal of derivative financial instrument                                   (18,390)                         –
          Gain on disposal of financial product                                                  (1,376)                         –
          Dividend received from available-for-sale investments                                  (2,388)                    (1,466)
          Depreciation                                                             7          2,524,787                1,942,665
          Impairment of inventories                                                7            155,954                  115,243
          Impairment of trade receivables                                          7             56,379                    60,572
          Impairment losses of trade receivables and other receivables reversed    7            (14,830)                  (14,068)
          Impairment of other intangible assets                                    7            169,856                          –
          Recognition of prepaid land lease payments                                             52,272                    50,778
          Amortisation of other intangible assets                                               570,433                  348,129


                                                                                              7,310,908                4,052,767

       Increase in inventories                                                                 (449,585)              (3,387,529)
       (Increase)/decrease in trade and bills receivables                                    (5,647,586)               3,685,005
       Increase in prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                 (371,976)                (153,923)
       Decrease in amounts due from joint ventures and associates                               505,067                  471,957
       Decrease/(increase) in long term receivable                                               24,494                   (89,837)
       Increase in property under development                                                    (1,672)                    (1,799)
       Decrease in completed property held for sale                                              14,304                    24,736
       Decrease in trade and bills payables                                                  (2,301,312)                  (85,693)
       Increase/(decrease) in other payables                                                    560,627                     (6,558)
       Decrease in advances from customers                                                     (808,366)              (1,465,252)
       (Decrease)/increase in amounts due to joint ventures and associates                      (40,598)                 108,821
       Increase/(decrease) in amount due to the related parties                                 121,613                   (32,148)
       Increase /(decrease) in provision for warranties                                         251,593                       (392)


       Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                                (832,489)               3,120,155

       Interest received                                                           5             64,830                   37,994
       Taxes paid                                                                              (660,834)                (136,108)


       Net cash flows (used in)/from operating activities                                    (1,428,493)               3,022,041

                                                                                                                       continued/...
                                                                                                                 BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   25


                                                   Interim Condensed
                                Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016



                                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                          2016                   2015
                                                                                                   (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                                                                      RMB’000                 RMB’000


Net cash flows (used in)/from operating activities                                                 (1,428,493)                       3,022,041


CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                                                (5,429,118)                       (4,325,677)
Decrease/(increase) in non-current prepayments                                                        217,463                          (108,234)
Increase in prepaid land lease payments                                                              (190,868)                         (114,304)
Investment in short-term deposits                                                                    (124,305)                         (262,699)
Withdrawal of short-term deposits                                                                     152,205                             39,539
Receipt of government grants                                                                           32,993                             56,540
Additions to other intangible assets                                                                 (698,300)                         (804,240)
Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and equipment and other intangibles assets          19,672                         1,499,354
Receipt of disposal of financial product                                                                1,376                                  –
Disposal of joint ventures and associates                                                               3,120                                  –
Dividend received from available-for-sale investments                                                   2,388                              1,466
Decrease in prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                               200,000                                  –
Decrease in derivative financial instruments                                                           18,390                                  –
Capital contributions to an associate                                                                 (13,681)                           (16,000)
Capital contributions to joint ventures                                                               (39,697)                         (676,780)


Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                        (5,848,362)                       (4,711,035)


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from issue of a perpetual loan                                                               595,800                                 –
New bank loans                                                                                     17,691,138                       11,276,295
Repayment of bank loans                                                                           (11,120,076)                       (9,569,412)
Interest paid                                                                                        (924,415)                         (831,898)
Perpetual loan interest paid                                                                          (98,375)                                –
Increase in pledged deposits                                                                           39,475                            45,982


Net cash flows from financing activities                                                            6,183,547                           920,967


NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                                          (1,093,308)                        (768,027)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                                    6,010,931                        3,950,415
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                                           33,004                           14,197


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                                                          4,950,627                        3,196,585
26   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


     1. Corporate information

             BYD Company Limited (the “Company”) is a joint stock limited liability company registered in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). The
             Company’s H shares and A shares have been listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and Shenzhen Stock Exchange since 31 July
             2002 and 30 June 2011, respectively. The registered office of the Company is located at Yan An Road, Kuichong, Longgang District, Shenzhen,
             Guangdong Province, the PRC.


             The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) are the research, development, manufacture
             and sale of rechargeable battery and photovoltaic business, automobiles and related products, handset components and other electronic
             products.


     2. Basis of preparation

             The interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2016 have been prepared in accordance with Hong
             Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.


             The interim condensed consolidated financial statements do not include all the information and disclosures required in the annual financial
             statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2015.


             Despite the Group’s net current liabilities of approximately RMB14,257,661,000 as at 30 June 2016, the interim condensed consolidated
             financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis on the basis of the directors’ contention that the Group has sufficient cash
             flows in the foreseeable future to enable it to continue its operations and meet its liabilities as and when they fall due.


     3. Changes in accounting policy and disclosures

             The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements are consistent with those followed
             in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2015, except for the adoption of the
             new standards and interpretations as noted below.


             The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis. Taxes on income for the interim period are
             accrued using the tax rates that would be applicable to expected total annual assessable profits.


             Amendments to HKAS1                                     Disclosure initiative
             Amendments to HKAS 16 and HKAS 38                       Clarification of Acceptable Methods of Depreciation and Amortizations
             Annual Improvements 2012-2014 Cycle                     Amendments to a number of HKFRSs

             The adoption of the above new or revised standards, interpretation and amendments has had no material financial effect on the accounting
             policies of the Group and the methods of computation in the interim condensed consolidated financial statements.


             The Group has not early adopted any standard interpretation or amendment that was issued but not yet effective.
                                                                                                                           BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   27


                                                    Notes to Interim Condensed
                                              Consolidated Financial Statements                                      For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


4. Segment information

   For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their products and services and has three reportable operating
   segments as follows:


   (a)   the rechargeable battery and photovoltaic business segment comprises the manufacture and sale of lithium-ion batteries and nickel
         batteries, photovoltaic products and iron batteries products (including energy storage stations and iron battery pack), principally for mobile
         phones, electric tools and other portable electronic instruments, photovoltaic products, energy storage stations and external electric
         vehicles;


   (b)   the mobile handset components and assembly service segment comprises the manufacture and sale of mobile handset components such
         as housings, keypads and the provision of assembly services; and


   (c)   the automobiles and related products segment comprises the manufacture and sale of automobiles and auto-related moulds and
         components.


   Management monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments separately for the purpose of making decisions about resources allocation
   and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based on reportable segment profit, which is a measure of adjusted profit
   before tax. The adjusted profit before tax is measured consistently with the Group’s profit before tax except that interest income, government
   grants and subsidies, finance costs, as well as head office and corporate expenses and gains are excluded from such measurement.


   Segment assets exclude deferred tax assets, goodwill, available-for-sale investments, tax to be deductible in the future and other unallocated
   head office and corporate assets, as these assets are managed on a group basis.


   Segment liabilities exclude interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, tax payable, dividend payable and other unallocated head office and
   corporate liabilities as these liabilities are managed on a group basis.


   Intersegment sales and transfers are transacted with reference to the selling prices used for sales made to third parties at the then prevailing
   market prices.
28   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


     4. Segment information (continued)

             The following tables present revenue and profit information regarding the Group’s reportable operating segments for the six months ended 30
             June 2016 and 2015, respectively.


             Six months ended 30 June 2016 (Unaudited)


                                                               Rechargeable    Mobile handset
                                                                battery and       components         Automobiles
                                                                photovoltaic     and assembly         and related         Corporate
                                                                   business            service          products         and others              Total
                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000


                Segment revenue
                    Sales to external customers                   4,060,777        16,292,853         23,391,856                  –        43,745,486
                    Intersegment sales                             514,280            410,935            549,093                  –         1,474,308
                    Others including other gross income
                   from sales of raw materials, properties
                   and disposal of scrap materials                 100,247            191,538            279,134             16,830           587,749
                Taxes and surcharges                                 12,591            80,106            522,905                727           616,329


                                                                  4,687,895        16,975,432         24,742,988             17,557        46,423,872


                Reconciliation:
                    Elimination of intersegment sales                                                                                       (1,474,308)
                    Elimination of other gross income                                                                                         (587,749)
                    Elimination of taxes and surcharges                                                                                       (616,329)


                Revenue – sales to external customers                                                                             –        43,745,486


                Segment results                                    322,289            795,742          3,061,416              1,137         4,180,584
                Reconciliation:
                    Elimination of intersegment results                                                                                       (277,485)
                    Interest income                                                                                                            64,830
                    Government grants and subsidies and
                  unallocated gains                                                                                                           169,255
                    Corporate and other unallocated expenses                                                                                  (227,386)
                    Finance costs                                                                                                             (900,723)


                Profit before tax                                                                                                           3,009,075
                                                                                                      BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   29


                                                    Notes to Interim Condensed
                                              Consolidated Financial Statements                  For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


4. Segment information (continued)

   Six months ended 30 June 2015 (Unaudited)


                                                  Rechargeable    Mobile handset
                                                    battery and     components     Automobiles
                                                   photovoltaic    and assembly    and related     Corporate
                                                      business           service      products    and others                        Total
                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000                    RMB’000


    Segment revenue
       Sales to external customers                  2,198,136       11,275,068     16,961,570               –             30,434,774
       Intersegment sales                           2,205,139          847,359        309,560               –               3,362,058
       Others including other gross income
       from sales of raw materials, properties
       and disposal of scrap materials                152,678          143,100        186,031          4,854                   486,663
    Taxes and surcharges                               12,869            66,239       581,534            288                   660,930


                                                    4,568,822       12,331,766     18,038,695          5,142              34,944,425


    Reconciliation:
       Elimination of intersegment sales                                                                                   (3,362,058)
       Elimination of other gross income                                                                                      (486,663)
       Elimination of taxes and surcharges                                                                                    (660,930)


    Revenue – sales to external customers                                                                                 30,434,774


    Segment results                                   106,824          658,208      1,289,975            150                2,055,157
    Reconciliation:                                                                                                                     –
       Elimination of intersegment results                                                                                    (622,599)
       Interest income                                                                                                          37,994
       Government grants and subsidies and
      unallocated gains                                                                                                        299,709
       Corporate and other unallocated expenses                                                                               (252,027)
       Finance costs                                                                                                          (687,696)


    Profit before tax                                                                                                          830,538
30   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


     4. Segment information (continued)

             The following table presents segment assets of the Group’s operating segments as at 30 June 2016 and 31 December 2015:


             Six months ended 30 June 2016 (Unaudited)


                                                                                   Rechargeable          Mobile handset
                                                                                     battery and           components              Automobiles
                                                                                    photovoltaic          and assembly              and related
                                                                                       business                  service              products                   Total
                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000                RMB’000                 RMB’000


                 Segment assets                                                      19,244,492              22,708,271             73,708,539             115,661,302
                 Reconciliation:
                 Elimination of intersegment receivables                                                                                                     (1,615,669)
                 Elimination of unrealised profit of
                    intersegment sales                                                                                                                        (343,997)
                 Corporate and other unallocated assets                                                                                                      8,033,201


                 Total assets                                                                                                                              121,734,837


                 Segment liabilities                                                   7,072,521              9,597,847             22,223,066              38,893,434
                 Reconciliation:
                 Elimination of intersegment payables                                                                                                       (1,615,669)
                 Corporate and other unallocated liabilities                                                                                                45,669,992


                 Total liabilities                                                                                                                          82,947,757


             Six months ended 30 June 2016 (Unaudited)


                                                                                   Rechargeable          Mobile handset
                                                                                     battery and           components              Automobiles
                                                                                    photovoltaic          and assembly              and related
                                                                                       business                  service              products                   Total
                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000                RMB’000                 RMB’000


                 Other segment information:
                 Impairment losses recognized in the statement of
                   profit or loss                                                         35,154                 42,779                 289,426                367,359
                 Depreciation and amortization                                           484,018                895,354               1,768,120              3,147,492


                 Capital expenditure                                                   1,484,562                709,777               3,648,859              5,843,198


             *         Capital expenditure consists of additions to other intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, prepaid land lease payments and prepayment for
                       equipment.
                                                                                                  BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   31


                                                        Notes to Interim Condensed
                                                  Consolidated Financial Statements          For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


4. Segment information (continued)

   Year ended 31 December 2015 (Audited)


                                                          Rechargeable    Mobile handset
                                                            battery and     components     Automobiles
                                                           photovoltaic    and assembly    and related
                                                              business           service      products                          Total
                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000                      RMB’000


    Segment assets                                          16,768,931      25,953,481     67,188,915                109,911,327
    Reconciliation:
    Elimination of intersegment receivables                                                                            (1,203,526)
    Elimination unrealised profit of intersegment sales                                                                   (457,475)
    Corporate and other unallocated assets                                                                              7,235,429


    Total assets                                                                                                     115,485,755


    Segment liabilities                                      5,904,615      12,707,474     22,839,680                 41,451,769
    Reconciliation:
    Elimination of intersegment payables                                                                               (1,203,526)
    Corporate and other unallocated liabilities                                                                       39,208,271


    Total liabilities                                                                                                 79,456,514


   Six months ended 30 June 2015 (Unaudited)


                                                          Rechargeable    Mobile handset
                                                            battery and     components     Automobiles
                                                           photovoltaic    and assembly    and related
                                                              business           service      products                          Total
                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000                      RMB’000


    Other segment information:
    Impairment losses recognized in the
       statement of profit or loss                              67,632           91,079         3,036                      161,747
    Depreciation and amortization                              127,600         844,478      1,369,494                   2,341,572


    Capital expenditure                                        898,525        2,072,433     2,521,182                   5,492,140
32   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


     5. Revenue, other income and gains

             Revenue, which is also the Group’s turnover, represents the net invoiced value of goods sold, after allowances for returns and trade discounts,
             and the value of assembly services rendered during the period.


             An analysis of revenue, other income and gains is as follows:


                                                                                                                                  For the six months ended
                                                                                                                               30 June 2016                  30 June 2015
                                                                                                                                  (Unaudited)                   (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                                     RMB’000                      RMB’000


                   Revenue
                   Sales of goods                                                                                                 34,835,029                   25,958,570
                   Assembly services income                                                                                        8,901,709                     4,469,950
                   Others                                                                                                                8,748                        6,254


                                                                                                                                  43,745,486                   30,434,774


                                                                                                                                  For the six months ended
                                                                                                                               30 June 2016                  30 June 2015
                                                                                                                                  (Unaudited)                   (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                                     RMB’000                      RMB’000


                   Other income and gains
                   Gain on disposal of scrap and materials                                                                            103,555                      105,886
                   Gain on sales of properties (i)                                                                                       1,137                          151
                   Bank interest income                                                                                                64,830                       37,994
                   Others                                                                                                             213,944                      110,377


                                                                                                                                      383,466                      254,408


             Note:


             (i)       The Group develops properties for sale to its employees. The gain derived from sales of properties to the employees during the period, together with the
                       property cost, amounted to RMB15,693,000 (six months ended 30 June 2015: RMB4,702,000) and business tax amounted to RMB727,000 (six months
                       ended 30 June 2015: RMB288,000). The sales payments had been fully settled by the employees as at the period end.
                                                                                                                          BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   33


                                                     Notes to Interim Condensed
                                               Consolidated Financial Statements                                   For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


6. Finance costs

                                                                                                           For the six months ended
                                                                                                         30 June 2016                    30 June 2015
                                                                                                           (Unaudited)                        (Unaudited)
                                                                                                             RMB’000                            RMB’000


     Interest on bank and other borrowings                                                                    925,309                            804,919
     Bank charges for discounted bills receivables                                                              38,241                             27,784


                                                                                                              963,550                            832,703


     Less: Interest capitalised                                                                                (62,827)                         (145,007)


                                                                                                              900,723                            687,696


    The average capitalization rate for the period used to determine the amount of borrowing costs eligible for capitalization was 5.17% (six months
    ended 30 June 2015: 5.81%).


7. Profit before tax

    The Group’s profit before tax is arrived after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                                           For the six months ended
                                                                                                         30 June 2016                    30 June 2015
                                                                                                           (Unaudited)                        (Unaudited)
                                                                                                             RMB’000                            RMB’000


     Cost of inventories sold                                                                              26,258,850                        21,431,891
     Cost of services provided                                                                              8,807,712                         4,312,405
     Depreciation                                                                                           2,524,787                         1,942,665
     Amortisation of other intangible assets                                                                  570,433                            348,129
     Impairment of trade receivables                                                                            56,379                             60,572
     Impairment of other intangible assets                                                                    169,855                                       –
     Impairment losses of trade receivables reversed                                                           (14,673)                           (14,068)
     Impairment losses of other receivables reversed                                                              (157)                                     –
     Write-down of inventories to net realisable value                                                        155,954                            115,243
     Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                                                 22,398                               3,763
34   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


     8. Income tax expense

                                                                                                                      For the six months ended
                                                                                                                   30 June 2016             30 June 2015
                                                                                                                     (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                        RMB’000                  RMB’000


                Current-Mainland China                                                                                   610,765                    325,353
                Current-Hong Kong                                                                                          6,326                          –
                Deferred                                                                                                 (77,083)                  (119,011)


                Total tax charge for the period                                                                          540,008                    206,342


             Taxes on profits assessable have been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates, based on existing
             legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof.


             The prevailing corporate income tax rate in Mainland China where the Group primarily operates is 25%. Certain subsidiaries operating in
             Mainland China are approved to be high and new technology enterprises and are entitle to enjoy reduced enterprise income tax rates of 15% of
             the estimated assessable profits for the period.


     9. Earnings per share attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent

             The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the period attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent
             and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 2,476,000,000 (six months ended 30 June 2015: 2,476,000,000) in issue during the
             period.


                                                                                                                     For the six months ended
                                                                                                                   30 June 2016            30 June 2015
                                                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000


                Earnings
                Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
                   used in the basic earnings per share calculation                                                    2,259,696                    466,660
                Interests paid for perpetual loans                                                                       (98,375)                         –
                Accumulated unpaid interests attributable to perpetual loans                                             (15,135)                         –


                Profit used in the basic earnings per share calculation                                                2,146,186                    466,660


                                                                                                                     For the six months ended
                                                                                                                   30 June 2016            30 June 2015


                Shares
                Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the period,
                  used in the basic earnings per share calculation                                                2,476,000,000              2,476,000,000


             No diluted earnings per share amount has been presented for the period as no diluting events existed during these period.
                                                                                                                             BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   35


                                                    Notes to Interim Condensed
                                              Consolidated Financial Statements                                         For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


10. Property, plant and equipment
    During the six months ended 30 June 2016, the Group acquired assets with a cost of RMB4,868,924,000 (six months ended 30 June 2015:
    RMB4,040,223,000) on additions to property, plant and equipment.

    Assets with a net book value of RMB42,612,000 were disposed of by the group during the six months ended 30 June 2016 (six months
    ended 30 June 2015: RMB1,509,332,000), resulting in a net loss on disposal of RMB22,398,000 (six months ended 30 June 2015: loss of
    RMB3,763,000).

    As at 30 June 2016, the Group has entered into a sale and leaseback agreement (the “Agreement”) with a third party leasing company and
    Shenzhen BYD International Financial Lease Co., Ltd. (the “Lessor”). Pursuant to the Agreement, the Group sold the fixed assets with a net
    carrying amount of RMB1,281,969,000 (the “Subject Assets”) to the Lessor and subsequently leased back the Subject Assets for a term of three
    years during which the Group is requested to pay a rental fee of RMB286,531,000 per annum.

11. Inventories

                                                                                                             30 June 2016            31 December 2015
                                                                                                               (Unaudited)                   (Audited)
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                     RMB’000

     Raw materials                                                                                               4,016,722                       3,694,244
     Work-in-progress                                                                                            6,999,196                       5,935,112
     Finished goods                                                                                              4,305,355                       5,264,831
     Mould held for production                                                                                     722,908                         856,363

                                                                                                               16,044,181                       15,750,550

    As at 30 June 2016, the Group’s inventories with a carrying amount: nil (2015: RMB89,878,000) were pledged as security for the Group’s bank
    loans.

12. Trade and bills receivables
    For sales of traditional automobiles, payment in advance, mainly in the form of bank bills, is normally required. For sales of new energy
    automobiles, the Group generally provides the customers with a credit period of one to twelve months or allow the customers to make instalment
    payment in twelve to twenty-four months. For retention receivables, the due date usually ranges from one to five years after acceptance of the
    vehicles by the customers.

    For sales under other segments, the Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit, except for new customers, where payment in
    advance is normally required. The credit period is generally one to three months. Each customer has a maximum credit limit.

    The aged analysis of the trade and bills receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date and net of provisions, is as
    follows:

                                                                                                             30 June 2016            31 December 2015
                                                                                                               (Unaudited)                   (Audited)
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                     RMB’000

     Within three months                                                                                       18,642,015                       22,185,206
     Four to six months                                                                                         3,402,164                        2,268,121
     Seven months to one year                                                                                   8,796,446                        1,320,239
     Over one year                                                                                              1,446,434                          905,073

                                                                                                               32,287,059                       26,678,639

    The directors are of the opinion that the carrying amounts of trade and bills receivables approximate to their fair values.
36   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


     13. Trade and bills payables

             An aged analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                                                       30 June 2016          31 December 2015
                                                                                                                         (Unaudited)                 (Audited)
                                                                                                                           RMB’000                   RMB’000


                Within three months                                                                                      21,028,852                 23,008,789
                Four to six months                                                                                        6,694,211                  7,353,079
                Seven months to one year                                                                                    379,711                    114,698
                One to two years                                                                                             79,677                     67,591
                Two to three years                                                                                           22,651                     36,156
                Over three years                                                                                             86,585                     75,517


                                                                                                                         28,291,687                 30,655,830


             The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled within terms of 30 to 120 days.


     14. Contingent liabilities

             (a) Action against Foxconn
                      On 11 June 2007, a Hong Kong High Court action (the “June 2007 Action”) was commenced by a subsidiary and an affiliate of Foxconn
                      International Holdings Limited (the “Plaintiffs”) against the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Group (the “Defendants”) for using
                      confidential information alleged to have been obtained improperly from the Plaintiffs. The Plaintiffs discontinued the June 2007 Action on
                      5 October 2007 with the effect that the June 2007 Action has been wholly discontinued against all the Defendants named in the action
                      and this finally disposed of the June 2007 Action without any liability to the Defendants. On the same day, the Plaintiffs initiated a new
                      set of legal proceedings in the Court (the “October 2007 Action”). The Defendants named in the October 2007 Action are the same as
                      the Defendants in the June 2007 Action, and the claims made by the Plaintiffs in the October 2007 Action are based on the same facts
                      and the same grounds in the June 2007 Action. The remedies sought by the Plaintiffs in the October 2007 Action include an injunction
                      restraining the Defendants from using the alleged confidential information, an order for the disgorgement of profit made by the Defendants
                      through the use of the confidential information, damages based on the loss suffered by the Plaintiffs and exemplary damages. The total
                      damages sought by the Plaintiffs in the October 2007 Action have not been quantified.


                      On 2 October 2009 the Defendants instituted a counter-action against Foxconn International Holdings Limited and certain of its affiliates
                      for their intervention, by means of illegal measures, in the operations involving the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, collusions,
                      written and verbal defamation, and the economic loss as a result of the said activities.


                      As at reporting date, the case remains in the process of legal proceedings. After consulting the Company’s legal counsel representing the
                      Company for the case, the directors are of the view that the estimate of ultimate outcome and amount to settle the obligation, if any, of the
                      litigation cannot be made reliably at this stage.
                                                                                                                       BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   37


                                                Notes to Interim Condensed
                                          Consolidated Financial Statements                                     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


14. Contingent liabilities (continued)

    (b) As at the end of the reporting period, contingent liabilities not provided for in the financial statements
        were as follows:

                                                                                                            30 June                    31 December
                                                                                                               2016                                2015
                                                                                                         (Unaudited)                           (Audited)
                                                                                                           RMB’000                           RMB’000


          Guarantees given to banks in
            connection with facilities
            granted to subsidiaries                                                                     33,563,643                        54,088,970


        As at 30 June 2016, the banking facilities granted to subsidiaries and Shenzhen BYD Daimler New Technology Co., Ltd. subject to
        guarantees given to banks by the Company were utilised to the extent of approximately RMB21,973,091,000 (31 December 2015:
        RMB16,047,517,000) and RMB750,000,000 (31 December 2015: RMB662,080,000) respectively.


    (c) Financial guarantee issued
        The Group entered into tri-lateral finance lease arrangement contracts with certain end-user customers and third-party or related leasing
        companies. Under the joint leasing arrangement, the Group provides a guarantee to the third-party or related leasing company that in the
        event of end-user customer default, the Group is required to make payment to the leasing company for its share of the outstanding lease
        payments due from the end-user customer. Management believes that the repossessed vehicles will be able to be sold for proceeds that
        are not significantly different from the amount of guarantee payments. At the same time, the Group is entitled to repossess and sell the
        leased new energy vehicle, and retain any net proceeds in excess of the guarantee payments made to the leasing company. As at 30
        June 2016, the Group’s maximum exposure to this guarantee was RMB3,082,208,000 (2015: RMB1,561,754,000). The term of these
        guarantees coincides with the tenure of the lease contracts. For the six months ended 30 June 2016, there was no default of payments
        from end-user customers which required the Group to make guarantee payments to the third-party leasing company.
38   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


     14. Contingent liabilities (continued)

             (d) Contingent liabilities arising from the profit compensation agreement relating to Shenzhen BYD
                 Electronic Components Co., Ltd (“Electronic Components”) and its financial impacts

                      The Company and Holitech Technology Co., Ltd. (“Holitech”) (the “transferee”) entered into the strategic cooperation, and non-public
                      offering shares and cash consideration asset transport framework agreement (戰略合作暨非公開發行股份及支付現金購買資
                      產框架協議) on 3 April 2015, pursuant to which, the Company sold to the transferee 100% equity interests in Electronic Components,
                      a subsidiary of the Company. On 30 September 2015, the transfer of 100% equity interests in Electronic Components has been duly
                      registered with the industrial and commercial authorities.


                      Pursuant to the profit compensation agreement and its supplemental agreement entered into between the Company and Holitech in
                      respect of Electronic Components, the terms of profit compensation mainly comprises two parts:


                      (1)      The Company guaranteed that the three-year accumulated profit of Electronic Components shall not be less than RMB714,066,600.
                               Any shortfall of the three-year accumulated profit shall be compensated by the shares of Holitech held by the Company with any
                               balance shortfall being compensated by cash at the end of the last accounting year.


                      (2)      After the expiry of the profit compensation period of 2015, 2016 and 2017 as agreed in the agreement, Holitech shall conduct
                               impairment tests on the target assets. Where the impairment amount of the target assets as at the end of the profit compensation
                               period exceeds the total amount of compensation, the Company shall provide further compensation.


                      As of the date of disposal and as at the end of current Period, the profit compensation agreement constitutes a contingent liability and the
                      management considered the amount of fair value of financial liability arising from the contingent event is immaterial.
                                                                                                                                  BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   39


                                                       Notes to Interim Condensed
                                                 Consolidated Financial Statements                                          For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


15. Commitments

   The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                                      30 June                     31 December
                                                                                                                         2016                            2015
                                                                                                                   (Unaudited)                        (Audited)
                                                                                                                     RMB’000                         RMB’000


         Contracted but not provided for
           Land and buildings (i)                                                                                    1,038,220                          788,022
           Plant and machinery                                                                                       3,643,257                        3,418,080


                                                                                                                     4,681,477                        4,206,102


         Authorised but not contracted for                                                                           1,062,243                           900,207


                                                                                                                     5,743,720                        5,106,309


   Note:


   (i)       Included in the above capital commitment is a commitment with regard to the BYD Automobile Plant II Project mentioned below with the amount of RMB
             170,683,000 (2015: RMB169,092,000):


   (a) BYD Automobile Plant II Project

             BYD Auto Company Limited (“BYD Auto”), a subsidiary of the Company, will invest in the construction of the “BYD Automobile Plant
             II Project” in the Xi’an High-Tech Zone. The investment amount of the project, which is for the production of vehicles and automobile
             components, is RMB4.46 billion.


   (b) Long-term purchase commitments for polysilicon materials

             In October 2010, Shangluo BYD Co., Ltd (“Shangluo BYD” or the “Purchaser”) entered into an irrevocable silicon supply contract (the
             “Supply Contract”) with Jiangxi LDK PV Silicon Technology Co., Ltd. (“LDKPV” or the “Vendor”) and Jiangxi LDK Solar Hi-Tech Co., Ltd.
             (“LDK Solar” or the “Guarantor”), both of which are silicon material suppliers. The Supply Contract provides that during the contract
             term from January 2011 to December 2012, the Purchaser shall purchase 3,000 tonnes of polysilicon materials from the Vendor at
             a price of RMB650,000/tonne (the “Initial Purchase Price”) for a total contract value of RMB1.95 billion. The agreed prepayment was
             RMB97,500,000, equivalent to 5% of the total contract value. The Supply Contract also provides that if the prevailing market price
             fluctuates more than 5% over the Initial Purchase Price, the parties shall negotiate about adjusting the purchase price by reference to the
             market price.
40   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


     15. Commitments (continued)

             (b) Long-term purchase commitments for polysilicon materials (continued)

                      In December 2012, Shangluo BYD entered into a supplemental agreement I to the Supply Contract with LDKPV and LDK Solar. The
                      supplemental agreement I provides that LDK Solar acts as the second vendor together with LDKPV (collectively the “Vendors”) and the
                      three parties agreed to extend the performance period under the Supply Contract for a period of one year to 31 December 2013. In
                      February 2015, Shangluo BYD, BYD Lithium Batteries Co., Ltd. and BYD Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd. entered into a supplemental
                      agreement II to the Supply Contract with the Vendors. The supplemental agreement II provides that the contracting parties agree to extend
                      the performance period under the original Supply Contract for a period of five years to 31 December 2018. According to both supplemental
                      agreement I and the supplemental agreement II, the Purchaser, BYD Lithium Batteries and BYD Supply Chain Management shall not
                      pursue a claim against the Vendors for unfulfilled and unfinished delivery obligations and the Vendors shall not pursue a claim against
                      the Purchaser for unfinished purchases or payment obligations during the term of the agreement. As at 30 June 2016, the prepayment
                      balance related to the Supply Contract amounted to RMB54,861,700.

                      In November 2015, LDK PV and LDK Solar commenced restructuring procedures The Company has filed claims (Amount claimed:
                      RMB54,861,700) under the restructuring procedures of the two companies in accordance with law. The two companies convened their
                      respective first meeting of creditors on 1 March 2016, and their respective second meeting of creditors on 15 August 2016 and 16 August
                      2016, respectively. The Company attended both the first and second meetings of creditors and voted on the restructuring proposals at the
                      meetings. Currently, the voting results of the restructuring proposals are yet to be announced. As at 30 June 2016, purchase agreements
                      of LDK PV and LDK Solar are valid and legal.


             In addition, the Group’s share of the joint ventures’ own capital commitments, which are not included in the above, is as follows:


                                                                                                                                   30 June        31 December
                                                                                                                                      2016              2015
                                                                                                                               (Unaudited)           (Audited)
                                                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


                 Contracted but not provided for                                                                                           –          47,395
                 Capital contribution payable to joint ventures*                                                                   800,000           162,520


                                                                                                                                   800,000           209,915


             *        At the end of June 2016, as resolved by the Board, the Group decided to inject RMB800,000,000 to BYD Auto Finance.
                                                                                                 BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   41


                                               Notes to Interim Condensed
                                         Consolidated Financial Statements                For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


16. Related party transactions

    (a) In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in the interim condensed consolidated financial
        statements, the Group had the following transactions with related parties during the period:

                                                                                    For the six months ended
                                                                                  30 June 2016                  30 June 2015
                                                                                   (Unaudited)                       (Unaudited)
                                                                                      RMB’000                          RMB’000


         Joint ventures and associates
           Sales of products and raw materials                            (i)        1,033,639                          441,356
           Sales of machinery and equipment                               (ii)               –                          171,149
           Service income                                                (iii)         24,891                           108,238
           Purchase of products and raw materials                        (iv)          25,557                                  313
           Rental expense                                                 (v)         131,715                             86,754
           Sales of products to Ramos Digital                            (vi)            4,378                                     –
           Sales of products and service to Electronic Component         (vii)        199,825                                      –
           Sales of products and service to Zhongbei Didj                (viii)          4,982                                     –
           Purchase of products and service from Northern Qinchuan       (ix)             214                                    75
           Purchase of products and service from Cangzhou Mingzhu         (x)          65,070                             26,881
           Purchase of products and service from Electronic Components   (vii)        408,065                                      –
           Purchase of products and service from Easpring Technology     (xi)            1,839                                     –
           Purchase of products and service from Saidi New Energy        (xii)           2,081                                     –
           Purchase of products and service from Mingzhu Plastic         (xiii)        73,629                                      –
42   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


     16. Related party transactions (continued)

             (a) In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in the interim condensed consolidated financial
                 statements, the Group had the following transactions with related parties during the period: (continued)

                      Notes:


                      (i)      The sales of products and raw materials to the joint ventures and associates were charged at prices mutually agreed between the Group and the joint
                               ventures and associates;


                      (ii)     The sales of machinery and equipment to an associate were charged at prices mutually agreed between the Group and the associate;


                      (iii)    The service income was charged at prices mutually agreed between the Group and the joint ventures and associates;


                      (iv)     The purchase of products and raw materials from the joint ventures and associates were made according to the published prices offered by the joint
                               ventures to their other customers;


                      (v)      The rental expense was charged at prices mutually agreed between the Group and the associate;


                      (vi)     The sale of products to Shenzhen Ramos Digital Technology Co., LTD (“Ramos Digital”), a company of which an non-executive director of the
                               Company was the chairman of the board in the last twelve months, were made according to the published prices offered to the other customers by
                               the Group.


                      (vii)    The sale of products and services to Shenzhen BYD Electronic Components Co., Ltd. (“Electronic Components”), a company of which executives of
                               the Company is the chairman and director of the board in the last twelve month, were made according to the published prices offered to the other
                               customers by the Group; the purchase of products and services from Electronic Components were made according to the published prices offered by
                               Electronic Components to its other customers;


                      (viii)   The sale of products and services to Nanjing Zhongbei Didi New Energy Leasing Co., Ltd. (“Zhongbei Didi”), a company of which an executive of the
                               Company is the chairman of the board, were made according to the published prices offered to the other customers by the Group;


                      (ix)     The purchase of products and services from Xi’an Northern Qinchuan Company Ltd. (“Northern Qinchuan”), a company of which a supervisor of the
                               Company is the chairman of the board, were made according to the published prices offered by Northern Qinchuan to its other customers;


                      (x)      The purchase of products and services from Cangzhou Mingzhu Company Ltd. (“Cangzhou Mingzhu”), whose parent company Mingzhu Plastic is a
                               related party of the Group, were made according to the published prices offered by Cangzhou Mingzhu to its other customers.


                      (xi)     The purchase of products and services from Beijing Easpring Material Technology Co., Ltd. (“Easpring Technology”), a company of which an
                               independent non-executive director of the Company is the independent director of the board, were made according to the published prices offered by
                               Easpring Technology to its other customers;


                      (xii)    The purchase of products and services from Shenzhen Saidi New Energy Logistics Co., Ltd. (“Saidi New Energy”), a company of which an executive
                               of the Company is the director of the board, were made according to the published prices offered by Saidi New Energy to its other customers;


                      (xiii)   The purchase of products and services from Cangzhou Mingzhu Plastic Co., Ltd. (“Mingzhu Plastic”), a company of which an independent non-
                               executive executive of the Company is an independent director of the board, were made according to the published prices offered by Mingzhu Plastic
                               to its other customers;
                                                                                                          BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   43


                                               Notes to Interim Condensed
                                         Consolidated Financial Statements                         For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


16. Related party transactions (continued)

    (b) Outstanding balances with related parties:

                                                                                               30 June                    31 December
                                                                                                  2016                           2015
                                                                                            (Unaudited)                       (Audited)
                                                                                              RMB’000                        RMB’000


         The amount due from joint ventures and associates:

         Shenzhen BYD Daimler New Technology Co., Ltd. (“BDNT”)                                537,749                           440,280
         Tianjin BYD Automobile Company Limited (“Tianjin BYD”)                                187,751                           581,269
         Nanjing Jiangnan Electric Car Rental Company Limited (“Jiangnan Chuzu”)                     –                                71
         Hangzhou Xihu New Energy Auto Operation Co., Ltd.
            (“Hangzhou Xihu Operation”)                                                               –                              4,247
         Shenzhen Pengcheng Electric Car Rental Company Limited
            (“Pengcheng Chuzu”)                                                                  4,919                                      –
         Shan Mei Ling Qiu Bi Xing Industry Development Co., Ltd.
            (“Shan Mei Ling Qiu Bi Xing”)                                                       10,000                            10,000
         Shenzhen BYD Electric Car Investment Co. Ltd. (“BYD Electric Car”)                      7,290                             6,083
         International Financial Lease                                                         366,671                            89,992
         BYD Auto Finance Company Limited (“BYD Auto Finance”)                                      24                                56
         Hangzhou BYD New Energy Xihu Auto Co., Ltd. (“Hangzhou BYD Xihu Auto”)                  4,896                           629,356
         Guangzhou Guang Qi BYD New Energy Bus Co., Ltd. (“Guang Qi BYD”)                      110,904                            19,985
         Shenzhen Didi New Energy Auto Lease Co., Ltd. (“Shenzhen Didi”)                       240,896                             1,850
         Beijing Hualin Loading Co., Ltd (“Beijing Hualin”)                                      2,200                            17,670
         Adrastea Cars Ltd. (“Adrastea”)                                                         3,132                                 –
         Shanghai Li Gang Huan Tai New Energy Auto Sales Co., Ltd. (“Li Gang Huan Tai”)          3,251                                 –


                                                                                             1,479,683                        1,800,859


         The amount due to joint ventures and associates:

         BDNT                                                                                  345,254                           296,097
         Tianjin BYD                                                                                 –                            63,956
         International Financial Lease                                                           4,962                            28,424
         Shenzhen Electric Power Sales Co., Ltd. (“Shenzhen Electric Power Sales”)               1,862                             4,740
         Guang Qi BYD                                                                              200                               199
         Shenzhen Qianhai Green Transportation Co., Ltd. (“Qianhai Green Transportation”)           12                                12
         Jiangnan Chuzu                                                                            100                                 –
         Li Gang Huan Tai                                                                          440                                 –


                                                                                               352,830                           393,428
44   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


     16. Related party transactions (continued)

             (b) Outstanding balances with related parties (continued):

                      The balances are unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed terms of repayment.


                                                                                                             30 June              31 December
                                                                                                                2016                     2015
                                                                                                          (Unaudited)                 (Audited)
                                                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000


                         The amount due from other related parties:
                         Electronic Components                                                               154,423                  308,749
                         Ramos Digital                                                                             –                    8,165
                         Jiangxi Holitech Technology Co., Ltd. (“Jiangxi Holitech”)                                –                   21,418
                         Zhongbei Didi                                                                            18                        –


                                                                                                             154,441                  338,332


                         The amount due to other related parties:
                         Cangzhou Mingzhu                                                                    111,823                   77,927
                         Electronic Components                                                               276,472                  315,464
                         Easpring Technology                                                                   8,624                   36,038
                         Romos Digital                                                                           142                        –
                         Mingzhu Plastic                                                                      83,126                        –
                         Saidi New Energy                                                                        404                        –


                                                                                                             480,591                  429,429


             (c) Other transactions with related parties:

                      As at 30 June 2016, the Company has guaranteed certain bank loans made to BDNT of RMB750,000,000 (31 December 2015:
                      RMB662,080,000).

             (d) Others

                      Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:


                                                                                                           For the six months ended
                                                                                                        30 June 2016             30 June 2015
                                                                                                          (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)
                                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000


                         Short term employee benefits                                                         19,905                   18,461
                         Pension scheme contributions                                                            164                      163


                                                                                                              20,069                   18,624
                                                                                                                            BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   45


                                                    Notes to Interim Condensed
                                              Consolidated Financial Statements                                        For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


17. Fair value of financial instruments

    The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s and the Company’s financial instruments, other than those with carrying amounts that
    reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:


    Group

                                                                          Carrying amounts                                  Fair values
                                                                         30 June           31 December                 30 June              31 December
                                                                            2016                   2015                   2016                          2015
                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                     (Unaudited)                (Audited)          (Unaudited)                     (Audited)


     Financial assets
     Long-term receivable                                                 41,279                 65,773                 41,279                       65,773
     Derivative financial instruments                                       5,045                18,207                  5,045                       18,207
     Available-for-sale investments
        – listed equity investments                                    2,775,796              3,071,357              2,775,796                  3,071,357


                                                                          Carrying amounts                                  Fair values
                                                                         30 June           31 December                 30 June              31 December
                                                                            2016                   2015                   2016                          2015
                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                     (Unaudited)                (Audited)          (Unaudited)                     (Audited)


     Financial liabilities
     Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                       44,262,100            37,642,761             44,262,100                  37,642,761


    Management has assessed that the fair values of short term deposits, cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, trade and bills receivables,
    trade and bills payables, financial assets included in prepayments, deposits and other receivables, financial liabilities included in other payables,
    amounts due from/to the joint ventures and associates approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these
    instruments.


    The Group’s corporate finance team headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining the policies and procedures for the fair value
    measurement of financial instruments. The corporate finance team reports directly to the chief financial officer and the audit committee. At
    each reporting date, the corporate finance team analyses the movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs
    applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer. The valuation process and results are discussed
    with the audit committee twice a year for interim and annual financial reporting.
46   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


     17. Fair value of financial instruments (continued)

             The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current
             transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.


             The fair values of the interest-bearing bank and other borrowings have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates
             currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The Group’s own non-performance risk for interest-
             bearing bank and other borrowings as at 30 June 2016 was assessed to be insignificant.


             The fair values of listed equity investments are based on quoted market prices.


             The Group enters into derivative financial instruments with various counterparties, principally financial institutions with AAA credit ratings.
             Derivative financial instruments, including forward currency contracts are measured using valuation techniques similar to forward pricing
             and swap models, using present value calculations. The models incorporate various market observable inputs including the credit quality of
             counterparties, foreign exchange spot and forward rates. The carrying amounts of forward currency contracts are the same as their fair values.


             Fair value hierarchy

             The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s and the Company’s financial instruments:


             Assets measured at fair value:

             As at 30 June 2016


                                                                                                 Fair value measurement using
                                                                                     Quoted         Significant           Significant
                                                                                   prices in        observable         unobservable
                                                                            active markets               inputs                inputs
                                                                                   (Level 1)          (Level 2)              (Level 3)                Total
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000               RMB’000               RMB’000


                Available-for-sale investments
                    – listed equity investments                                  2,740,654                    –                      –           2,740,654
                Derivative financial instruments                                           –             5,045                       –               5,045


                                                                                 2,740,654               5,045                       –           2,745,699
                                                                                                                   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016   47


                                                 Notes to Interim Condensed
                                           Consolidated Financial Statements                                  For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


17. Fair value of financial instruments (continued)

    Fair value hierarchy (continued)

    Assets measured at fair value: (continued)


    As at 31 December 2015


                                                                                    Fair value measurement using
                                                                     Quoted            Significant          Significant
                                                                    prices in          observable        unobservable
                                                              active markets               inputs               inputs
                                                                    (Level 1)            (Level 2)            (Level 3)                         Total
                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000                     RMB’000


     Available-for-sale investments
        – listed equity investments                               3,036,215                     –                     –                3,036,215
     Derivative financial instruments                                      –              18,207                      –                     18,207


                                                                  3,036,215               18,207                      –                3,054,422


    During the six months ended 30 June 2016, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers
    into or out of Level 3 (2015: Nil).


    Assets for which fair values are disclosed:


    As at 30 June 2016


                                                                                   Fair value measurement using
                                                                     Quoted           Significant          Significant
                                                                   prices in          observable        unobservable
                                                             active markets               inputs                inputs
                                                                   (Level 1)            (Level 2)            (Level 3)                          Total
                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000                     RMB’000


     Long-term receivable                                                  –                    –              41,279                       41,279


     Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                            –         44,262,100                       –               44,262,100


                                                                           –         44,262,100                41,279                 44,303,379
48   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2016




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2016


     17. Fair value of financial instruments (continued)

             Fair value hierarchy (continued)

             Assets for which fair values are disclosed: (continued)


             As at 31 December 2015


                                                                                                    Fair value measurement using
                                                                                      Quoted          Significant          Significant
                                                                                    prices in         observable        unobservable
                                                                              active markets              inputs               inputs
                                                                                    (Level 1)           (Level 2)            (Level 3)                Total
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000


                Long-term receivable                                                        –                  –              65,773                65,773


                Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                  –        37,642,761                     –          37,642,761


                                                                                            –       37,642,761                65,773           37,708,534


     18. Events after the reporting period

             1.       In July 2016, 252,142,855 A shares which were issued at an issue price of RMB57.40 per share which have been listed on the
                      Shenzhen Stock Exchange since 25 July 2016. The A shares were issued to six subscribers who were professional, institutional
                      and/or other investors. The Company raised net proceeds of RMB14,369,070,026.11 (being the balance of the total proceeds of
                      RMB14,472,999,877.00 after the deduction of issue expenses of RMB103,929,850.89) from the Non-public offering. The registered
                      capital of the Company was increased by RMB252,142,855.00 (being the aggregate nominal value of the A shares issued under the Non-
                      public offering) to RMB2,728,142,855.00 following the completion of the Non-public offering, with all the new capital being monetary
                      capital contribution.


             2.       An interim dividend in respect of the six months ended 30 June 2016 of RMB0.367 per share (tax inclusive) was proposed pursuant to
                      a resolution passed by the Board of Directors on 26 August 2016. This intended to distribute cash dividends of RMB1,001,228,000 in
                      aggregate based on the total share capital of 2,728,142,855 shares of the Company as at 26 August 2016. The proposal of the Interim
                      Dividend is subject to consideration and approval at the Company’s forthcoming extraordinary general meeting. This proposed dividend is
                      not reflected as dividend payable in the consolidated financial statements.


     19. Approval of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements

             These interim condensed consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 26 August
             2016.
