Stock code 股份代號: 1211




PROMOTE  GREEN
PRACTICE THEORY




2015                    INTERIM REPORT
                        年中期報告
                                                                                                             BYD Company Limited
                                                                                                               Interim Report 2015




Interim Results for the Six Months Ended 30 June 2015

    Turnover                                                                                        20.70%                           to RMB30,435 million

    Gross profit                                                                                    21.41%                            to RMB4,575 million

    Profit attributable to owners of the parent                                                     29.38%                              to RMB467 million

    Earnings per share                                                                              26.67%                                   to RMB0.19


Highlights

–       New energy vehicle business developed rapidly, and the sales income increased significantly by approximately 1.2 times year-on-year to
        approximately RMB5,870 million


–       The product mix of handset components and assembly business has improved, while the metal components business grew rapidly


–       Rechargeable battery and photovoltaic business recorded a slight decrease, with sales income of approximately RMB2,198 million




                                                                                                                                                            1
                             BYD Company Limited
                             Interim Report 2015




Management Discussion & Analysis
Industry Analysis and Review

Automobile Business
Looking back to the first half of this year, there can hardly be any real ground for optimism about the global economy, which was characterized by
the volatile debt crisis in Greece, weak recoveries of developed countries and a widening gap between the emerging markets with better and worse
performance. Meanwhile, the Chinese government pressed on with reforms and economic restructuring, but China still faced severe downward
pressure on its economy, which grew by 7% in the first half of this year, hitting its lowest level in recent years. Against the backdrop of the complicated
domestic and international economic situation, China’s automobile market shifted down a gear to slower growth from the rapid one that had lasted for a
decade. The first half of this year could mark the beginning of an era of slight growth in that market.


According to the statistics released by China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, in the first half of 2015, the country produced 12.10 million
automobiles and sold 11.85 million units, representing year-on-year increases of 2.6% and 1.4%, respectively. The growths were approximately
seven percentage points lower than those for the same period last year. Among which, sport utility vehicles (“SUV”) maintained its enormous sales and
bucked the overall market downtrend, which made it an important growth engine of China’s automobile market. In the first half of this year, sales of
Chinese brand passenger vehicles rose by 14.6% year on year to 4.18 million units, accounting for 41.5% (up by 3.5 percentage points) of total sales
of passenger vehicles in the country, reversing the downward trend in the past four consecutive years. However, during the period, joint venture brands
successively announced to slash the official prices of their products in an attempt to gain more market share by lowering their prices, thus intensifying
the competition of China’s automobile market.


On the other hand, new energy automobile was the highlight of the market in the first half of this year which achieved flourishing development.
According to the statistics of China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, sales of new energy automobiles in the country surged by 2.6 times year
on year to 73,000 units in the first half of this year, which equaled the sales volume for the whole of last year. In particular, pure electric vehicle sales
increased by 2.9 times year on year to 46,000 units while plug-in hybrid vehicle sales rose by 2.0 times year on year to 26,000 units.


As the major solution for global shortage of energy resources and environmental pollution problem, as well as an important mean to achieve corner
overtaking in China’s automobile industry and transformation and upgrade of the manufacturing sector, the new energy automobiles sector has
developed rapidly as it has become a national strategy with strong support from the government. In April 2015, four departments including the
Ministry of Finance and the National Development and Reform Commission, jointly issued the “Notice on 2016-2020 Financial Policy for Promoting
the Application of New Energy Automobiles”, which stated that the policy on promoting the application of new energy automobiles with subsidies will
be implemented consistently from 2016 to 2020. The measure ensured policy continuity with an aim to accelerate the development of new energy
automobile industry. In addition, the State Council announced the strategy for national development, “Made in China 2025”, which marks energy saving
and new energy automobile as tasks of strategic importance. The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology specified the annual sales target of
more than one million units of the country’s local brand pure electric vehicles and plug-in new energy automobiles for the year 2020 which would also
account for a more than 70% share of the domestic market.


Handset components and assembly business
According to statistics from IDC, an authoritative global market research institution, the smartphone shipments in the world grew by 14.1% year
on year to 670 million units in the first half of 2015, indicating a slowdown. However, 4G mobile phones, which is still unfolding, has become the
new growth engine of the market for mobile intelligent terminal products. One of the leading mobile phone manufacturers in Asia regained its top
position in the global sales ranking by launching new high-end flagship models. The brand manufacturers in China also introduced new smartphone
products of higher performance and growing brand influence which contributed to consistently rapid growth in sales. In the first half of the year,
China’s smartphone shipments grew by 7.5% year on year to 210 million units, maintaining the products’ market penetration rate at a high level.
Domestic local brands, such as Huawei, VIVO and OPPO, continuously launched new models with advanced and new performance, resulting in rapid
growth in shipments and speedy enhancement of brand influence and market share. Leveraging the sound mechanic performance and outstanding
appearance, metallic cases have seen increasing popularity among consumers. The application of metallic casings and metallic structural components
has gradually extended from high-end models to mid-range models and the penetration rate of metal components in the domestic and overseas
smartphone market was rising, indicating huge room for growth for suppliers who have comprehensive technologies and a diverse customer base.




2
                                                                                                                BYD Company Limited
                                                                                                                  Interim Report 2015




Management Discussion & Analysis
Rechargeable Batteries and Photovoltaic Business
On the back of the continuous promotion and popularity of new energy automobiles, the demand for power batteries used in new energy automobiles
has been increasing, further incentivizing the battery manufacturers around the world to put more efforts to develop that kind of batteries, from
increasing the lifespan to enhancing safety and charging efficiency. They also expanded their production capacity to ease the shortage on the market.
As to traditional batteries, the growth in demand for lithium and nickel batteries slackened during the period because global sales of electronic
equipment started to slow down. In contrast, the country’s photovoltaic industry recovered after a slump – thanks to a number of favorable policies.
However, the market competition is still fierce and product prices remain low. It is still too early to be optimistic about the prospect of the photovoltaic
industry.


Business Review

BYD Company Limited (“BYD” or the “Company” and its subsidiaries which are collectively referred to as the “Group”) are principally engaged in
the automobile business, including new energy automobiles and traditional fuel vehicles, and handset components and assembly business, as well
as rechargeable battery and photovoltaic business. For the six months ended 30 June 2015 (the “Period”), the Group’s revenue was approximately
RMB30,435 million, representing a year on year increase of 20.70%. Among which, the business of automobiles and related products realized a
revenue of approximately RMB16,962 million, up by 42.08% year on year. In particular, the revenue from the new energy automobile business was
approximately RMB5,870 million, representing a year on year increase of about 1.2 times and its proportion in the Group’s total revenue increased
to 19.29%. The revenue of the handset components and assembly business was approximately RMB11,275 million, up by 3.32% year on year. The
revenue of the rechargeable battery and photovoltaic businesses was about RMB2,198 million, down by 7.02% year on year. These three businesses
accounted for 55.73%, 37.05% and 7.22%, respectively, of the Group’s total revenue.


Automobile Business
New energy automobile industry has flourished. Against this backdrop, BYD actively seized the valuable opportunity to enhance R&D and investment
in this business. As a pioneer in the innovation of and commercial promotion for new energy automobiles, BYD continued to reinforce its technological
advantages, introduce superior new models, expand its battery production capacity to meet the strong market demand for its new energy automobiles
during the Period, and consolidated its leading position in the new energy automobile industry. During the Period, with the launch of new battery
production capacity, the sales of its new energy automobiles surged by about 2.6 times year on year. In particular, plug-in hybrid vehicle “Qin”, a
major product of the Company, topped the new energy vehicle sales chart in China again. According to information released by the China Association
of Automobile Manufacturers, BYD’s share of the new energy automobile market was 29.8% in the first half of 2015, while its share of the market
for plug-in hybrid vehicles continued to grow. BYD continued to dominate the market for private new energy automobiles. According to the statistics
announced by d1ev.com, BYD surpassed its domestic and overseas competitors in sales of new energy automobiles and became the No. 1 brand in the
world for the first time in May 2015.


As for passenger vehicles, “Qin” maintained its popularity amongst consumers with the demand of the product exceeding the supply. In May 2015,
the Group launched “Qin” crown version, which is superior in terms of appearance and interior design and surpassed the previous model in terms
of configuration and function. This newly launched model is the first model to be equipped with BYD’s self-developed mobile energy storage station
technology which the in-car electricity can be used for load outside the vehicles to meet the various needs of power usage, giving consumers more
convenient and more user-friendly driving experience. In addition, during the Period, the Group also launched a new dual-mode hybrid SUV called
“Tang” with 2.0Ti engine and motors at both front and rear of the car, acceleration to one hundred miles per hour in just 4.9 seconds, a maximum
speed of 180 km per hour and the longest mileage of 80 km by pure electric mode. Since its launch, the new SUV has received overwhelming
response from consumers. It is expected to provide growth momentum for the Company’s new energy automobile business in term of sales and profits.
On the other hand, the sales volume of “DENZA”, a pure electric vehicle which is jointly launched by the Group and Daimler, continued to rise during the
Period by leveraging both parties’ technological strengths and brand influence. The sales performance is in line with the Group’s expectations.




                                                                                                                                                          3
                            BYD Company Limited
                            Interim Report 2015




Management Discussion & Analysis
In the market of public transport, BYD continued to spearhead the pure electrification of the global public transportation system. During the Period,
the Group continued to promote the use of pure electric buses and electric taxis in both domestic and foreign markets. The sales of K9 pure electric
buses and e6 pure electric taxi grew steadily. By the end of June 2015, the accumulated mileage of pure electric buses and electric taxis in Shenzhen
reached 75.25 million kilometers and 313 million kilometers respectively, while the highest mileage of an individual vehicle from each of the two
categories reached 260,000 km and 700,000 km respectively, which are currently the highest records in the world. In addition, the market coverage of
Group’s new energy automobiles has been extended to more than 10 cities in China, including Nanjing, Hangzhou, Zhuhai, Dalian, Tianjin, Guangzhou,
Xi’an and Changsha. The Group also expanded its overseas markets to include more than 36 countries and regions in the five continents, namely North
America, South America, Europe, Australia and Asia. The Group achieved a breakthrough in the Asian market in February this year by providing five K9
electric buses to Japan, becoming China’s first Chinese automobile brand formally establishing its footprint in the Japanese market. This underlines
BYD’s advantages of high technological standards and product quality. In addition, the Group received orders for 60 K9 pure electric buses from Long
Beach Transit, the bus operators in California, in April this year, breaking a record in terms of the volume of orders for electric buses in the United
States.


The Company has been investing in the expansion of the production capacity for new energy automobile batteries since last year. Its current production
capacity has been gradually put into operation. The completion of the new power battery factory will lay a solid foundations for the growth of the sales
of new energy vehicles. The Company will closely examine the market situation over the next few years, and will steadily expand its battery production
capacity to match the rapidly increasing downstream demand.


In the first half of 2015, the total automobile sales of BYD amounted to approximately 210,000 units, representing an increase of 13.98% as compared
with that of last year. As for the traditional fuel vehicle business, the sales of BYD vehicles rose 6 percent year on year to approximately 190,000 units.
The Group actively tapped the strong demand in the domestic SUV market, and put efforts to promote its high-end SUV model S7. S7 was launched
in the second half of 2014, and has recorded a continuous increase in sales due to its superior performance in terms of power, fuel consumption,
comfort, interior design and performance-to-price ratio. The new F3 models drove the sales of BYD’s passenger vehicles in this business segment, and
BYD’s 3 Series models (L3 and F3) remained hot, providing continuous growth momentum to the sales of the Group’s traditional fuel vehicles.


With the rapid development of internet technology, the automobile and the Internet are getting deeply integrated. Connecting vehicle to the Internet will
be an important direction of future development of the automobile computerization. In view of this, BYD has been actively developing a cloud platform
for vehicles, including a front-loading vehicle infotainment system which is both safe and available to enable access to cloud-based service platform
through multiple terminals, and will be operated with high-speed, economical and stable network transmission channels and protocols in order to meet
consumers’ needs for vehicle safety, comfort and automobile computerization.


In 2014, the Group was approved to establish a joint venture, BYD Auto Finance Company Limited (比亞迪汽車金融有限公司) (“BYD Auto
Finance”), with Bank of Xi’an to provide relevant services, including granting financial loans to car dealers and consumers. This will help boost the sales
of BYD automobiles and bring meaningful contribution to the Group’s income and profit. On 2 February 2015, the Group received the approval from the
Shaanxi office of the China Banking Regulatory Commission for the commencement of operations of BYD Auto Finance, a subsidiary of the Group. The
registered capital of BYD Auto Finance is RMB500 million, of which BYD has contributed RMB400 million, representing 80% equity interest, and Bank
of Xi’an has contributed RMB100 million, representing 20% equity interest.




4
                                                                                                                BYD Company Limited
                                                                                                                  Interim Report 2015




Management Discussion & Analysis
Handset Components and Assembly Business
The Group is one of the most competitive handset component and assembly service suppliers in the world. It provides complete handset design,
component manufacturing and assembly services for both domestic and overseas handset manufacturers through a one-stop business model which
features vertical integration. With the rising requirements for handset appearance by the consumers, the application of components with better user
experience have been broadened in mid-to-high-end smart phone market. Metal components have become a focus of the development of the Group’s
handset components and assembly business. The revenue from the handset components and assembly business of the Group during the Period
amounted to approximately RMB11,275 million, up by approximately 3.32% year on year.


As for metal components business, the Group possesses advanced technologies and mature and comprehensive manufacturing techniques, which
has satisfactorily met different consumers’ requirements for performance and design of mobile phones in all aspects and has been well received by
smart phone manufacturers at home and abroad. This has become an important development trend in the mid-to-high-end smartphone market. During
the Period, the Group won contracts from international leading mobile manufacturers to produce high-end flagship models. The Group provided metal
cases and other handset components for these manufacturers, driving up the revenue from sales of metal components by more than 100%. The
Group’s assembly business continued to cooperate with internationally renowned brands in driving the development of the businesses of smart phones,
tablet PCs and other mobile intelligent terminals. However, the revenue from the business segment was affected by the sluggish demand in the industry
to a certain extent during the Period.

Rechargeable Battery and Photovoltaic Businesses
The Group’s rechargeable batteries mainly include lithium-ion batteries and nickel batteries, which are widely used in mobile phones, digital cameras,
power tools, electric toys, and other portable electronic devices. In addition, the Group also actively developed lithium-iron-phosphate batteries
(“Ferrous battery”) and solar cells, which are used in the new energy automobiles, energy storage stations and solar farms, etc. During the Period, the
Group’s rechargeable batteries and photovoltaic businesses generated revenue of approximately RMB2,198 million, down by 7.02% year on year.


Facing the slowdown in global consumer electronic device market and falling commodity prices, the Group actively consolidated and strengthened its
cooperation with clients and broadened the scope of product application during the Period in order to alleviate the pressure on the Group’s revenue that
resulted from weak demand. For Ferrous batteries, the Group continued to strengthen research and development, increase energy density, optimize
the work flow and expand production capacity at the same time in order to reduce unit production cost through economies of scale and further
enhance the overall competitive edge of BYD’s new energy automobiles.


BYD continued to step up its efforts in its energy storage business to develop overseas markets for accelerating the growth of new energy market
during the Period. In May this year, the Group won a contract of a 31.5 MW commercial energy storage project of Invenergy LLC, a world-renowned
clean energy enterprise in Illinois. This represented the largest volume of orders of the same kind placed by an energy storage project in the United
States. In addition, the Group obtained orders for its energy storage systems from a power transmission system firm in Italy and also succeeded in
developing other overseas markets such as Germany and Australia.

Optimization of Business Structure and Capital Structure

With a view to sharpen the Group’s strategic focus, accelerate its business transformation and upgrade, optimize asset structure and resource
allocation and motivate the Group to concentrate resources on the development of its core businesses, the Group entered into “the strategic
cooperation, asset transfer in consideration of non-public offering shares and cash framework agreement” with Holitech Technology Co., Ltd. (合力
泰科技股份有限公司) in February 2015. According to the agreement, the Group shall sell its entire equity interest in Shenzhen BYD Electronic
Components Co., Ltd. under the Group to dispose of three major businesses, namely flexible circuit boards, LCD modules and webcam products. The
Consideration for the disposal will be RMB2,300 million and the Group expects to record profit before taxation of approximately RMB1,629 million
from the transaction, which is calculated with reference to the difference between the consideration and the carrying amount of the target company
attributable to the Group. The actual gain as a result of the disposal to be recorded by the Group is subject to audit and will be assessed after
completion of the disposal. It is expected that the equity transfer under the strategic restructuring will be completed during the year. Further details of
the transaction are set out in, amongst others, the circular of the Company dated 21 March 2015 and the announcements of the Company dated 3
April 2015, 7 April 2015 and 9 July 2015.



                                                                                                                                                         5
                            BYD Company Limited
                            Interim Report 2015




Management Discussion & Analysis
In June 2015, the shareholders of the Company approved an employee shareholding scheme, under which 96 participants (including some senior
management personnel, supervisors and key employees) may borrow interest-free capital from Mr. Wang Chuan-fu, the Chairman of the Group, to
purchase approximately 32.59 million A shares from Mr. Wang Chuan-fu by way of subscription of interests in the employee shareholding scheme, with
a lockup period of one year, commencing from the date of the last acquisition of A shares under the scheme to the date of the relevant announcement
published by the Company (ie. 23 June 2015) in order to share the benefits brought by the Company’s long-term growth. The scheme aims to establish
and perfect the system of benefits sharing between labour and owners, with a view to achieve the same level of benefits among the Company,
shareholders and employees, attract and retain outstanding management talents and core members in business and improve the bonds among
employees as well as the Company’s competitiveness. This can help driving the Company’s long-term, continuous and healthy development, and deliver
more efficient and sustainable returns for shareholders. Further details of the scheme are set out in, amongst others, the circular of the Company dated
26 May 2015 and the announcements of the Company dated 17 June 2015 and 23 June 2015.


In June 2015, the Group announced its intention of a non-public offering of not more than about 261.32 million A shares with an aim to raise funding
of up to RMB15 billion, which will be used for projects such as expanding production capacity for lithium ferrous phosphate (“LFP”) batteries and for
research and development of new energy vehicles, so as to improve the Group’s production capacity of power batteries, eliminate the bottleneck in
the production capacity of power batteries and safeguard the Group’s supply of power batteries for new energy vehicles for the time being and in the
future. Meanwhile, it can also serviced accelerate the research and development of basic technologies and new models, enrich product lines and
improve technological level of new energy vehicles, as well as to drive the rapid development of new energy vehicles business. The completion of the
non-public offering will also significantly improve the Group’s capital strength and optimize the capital structure, thereby laying a solid foundation for
the Company’s strategic objectives. Further details of the scheme are set out in, amongst others, the circular of the Company dated 3 July 2015 and
the announcements of the Company dated 21 July 2015.


Prospect and Strategy

Looking ahead to the second half of the year, China’s economy will maintain a steady growth, which will also be reflected on a number of economic
indicators due to the transformation of China’s economy and the deepening of its restructuring and the government measures to stabilize growth
and expand investment yield results. Being the best solution for energy safety and air pollution problem in China, it is expected that the new energy
automobiles sector will receive continuous and strong support from the government and maintain its rapid growth. The Group will continue to uphold
the development philosophy of “Technology, Quality and Responsibility” and will focus on the development of new energy-related businesses with
its leading technological advantages in the industries of automobiles and batteries and its three core technologies, namely new energy automobile
batteries, motors and electrical control. The Group will strive to develop its new energy automobile business and leverage its breakthrough to achieve
corner overtaking of self-developed brands in China’s automobile industry, at the same time promote the reform of the global automobile industry
towards a green and environmentally-friendly industry.




6
                                                                                                                BYD Company Limited
                                                                                                                  Interim Report 2015




Management Discussion & Analysis
Automobile Business
The Central Government has put the development of new energy automobiles on the agenda of the national development strategy. As such, the Central
Government and all provincial and municipal governments have proposed various solutions in respect of the procurement and promotion of new
energy automobiles, development of the value chain of the industry, and construction of auxiliary facilities. This certainly will give full support to the
development in all aspects of the new energy automobile industry. On the other hand, as new energy automobiles’ performance is being enhanced and
their economic efficiency manifests, the development of new energy automobiles will be driven more by the industry’s fundamentals than government
policies and will enter a phase of acceleration in full force. In particular, plug-in hybrid vehicles effectively solved the problem of the power system
and mileage, becoming a more suitable choice for the private car consumers. The Group is confident about the prospect of its new energy automobile
business.


According to its new energy vehicle strategy, BYD will conduct an all-out market deployment to replace its dual drivers of private cars and public
transports in the future. The Company will expand the scope of application of its new energy automobiles. For its private car business, the Group
expects that its highly sought-after model “Qin” will continue to be the bestseller, especially on the back of the steady expansion of production capacity.
“Tang”, a SUV model launched in the first half of this year also received a great popularity in the market. The Group will successively speed up the
delivery of these SUVs in the second half of this year, which is expected to effectively boost the sales of the Group’s new energy vehicles. By leveraging
the advantages of new energy automobiles and the rise of self-developed brands in the SUV market, the Group will launch a medium-sized plug-in
hybrid SUV called “Song” and a compact plug-in hybrid SUV called “Yuan” in order to further enrich the product lines of the Group’s new energy
automobiles.


In the area of public transportation, the Group will strive to increase market penetration and market share, and at the same time will expedite its
market expansion into other domestic and foreign cities so as to improve the overall sales volumes. In addition, the Group will actively implement its “7
+ 4” strategy, with the seven regular areas being sanitation trucks, vehicles for urban commodity logistics, automobiles for passenger transportation
on roads and vehicles for logistics of urban construction in addition to conventional private cars, taxis and buses, and the other four special areas
being vehicles for warehousing, mining, ports and airports. The Group has laid the good foundations for the overall development of its new energy
automobiles business. Moreover, mini pure electric vehicles and mini plug-in hybrid vehicles which are targeted at the market of urban commodity
logistics will also be launched successively.


Growth in China’s automobile market for traditional fuel vehicles is decelerating, and this has become a trend. The overall operating environment for
the automobile industry becomes more challenging. However, self-developed SUV brands still enjoy significant advantages in terms of versatility, driving
experience and performance-price ratio, and it will add impetus to China’s automobile market. The Group will seize the opportunity in the SUV market
and will actively develop new SUV models, position its products accurately for different consumer groups and enhance market segmentation in order
to boost the development of its traditional fuel vehicle business. In addition, the Group will continue to pursue “Smart Strategy” to provide an integrated
smart solution to driving which will bring convenient, comfortable and safe driving experience to the consumers.

Handset Components and Assembly Business
An IDC report estimates that, in 2018, one third of the world’s consumers will be smartphone users, and that technological upgrade will drive growth
in demand for mobile communication terminals. Leveraging improving quality and technology, it is expected that the handset manufacturers of local
brands in China will continue to enhance its the brand recognition and product sales. In the future, the Group will proactively expand its cooperation
with local leading brand manufacturers and work aggressively to secure more orders of mid-to-high-end models, so as to drive the continuous growth
of the Group’s handset components and assembly business.


With the increasing recognition of metal casing amongst consumers and higher requirements for product quality amongst the mobile phone
manufacturers, more domestic and overseas mobile phone brands will adopt metal cases in their products to improve their mechanical performance,
appearance, texture and signal reception, and the market penetration of metal components will continue to increase. The Group will enhance product
quality through technical innovation, actively develop its businesses in the relevant markets, and continue to secure cooperation with new and old
customers, and thus enhance its comprehensive competitiveness.




                                                                                                                                                         7
                              BYD Company Limited
                              Interim Report 2015




Management Discussion & Analysis
Rechargeable Battery and Photovoltaic Business
For the business of rechargeable batteries, the Group will, on the one hand, continue to expand the scope of application of lithium-ion batteries
and nickel batteries in order to consolidate its market position; on the other hand it will endeavor to strengthen the research and development of
LFP batteries with the aim of improving their performance and will steadily expand the production capacity for LFP batteries to cater for the huge
demand that arises from the booming development of the Group’s new energy automobile business. BYD, the world’s leading power storage solution
provider, will put efforts to promote the application of storage system in more countries and regions across the globe. For the photovoltaic business,
the domestic and international operating environment is still complicated and volatile, but the value chain of the industry has begun to show signs of
improvement. The Group will continue to expand into new overseas markets, enrich product types, expand the scope of application and enhance the
revenue and profitability of this business.

Estimated Operating Results from January to September 2015

    Change of net profit attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                   388.54%               to             434.83%
      from January to September 2015

    Change (in range) of net profit attributable to owners of the parent (RMB10,000)
                                                                                                                   190,000               to             208,000
      from January to September 2015

    Net profit attributable to owners of the parent (RMB10,000)
                                                                                                                                      38,891
      from January to September 2014

    Reasons for changes in results                  The aforesaid net profit includes the profit before taxation of approximately RMB1,629 million brought
                                                    by the Group’s disposal of three businesses, namely flexible circuit boards, LCD modules and webcam
                                                    products, to Holitech, which will be included in the net profit of the third quarter after deducting the
                                                    relevant income tax expense. It is expected that the equity transfer under this business restructuring will
                                                    be completed in the third quarter, which will drive a significant growth in net profit in the third quarter. (For
                                                    details, please refer to the circular dated 21 March 2015 and the subsequent related announcements
                                                    published by the Group)

                                                    Looking forward to the third quarter, the Group expects that its highly sought-after plug-in hybrid vehicle
                                                    model, “Qin”, will continue to be the bestseller, and the sales of “Tang”, a newly-launched plug-in hybrid
                                                    SUV model, will also increase steadily driven by the steady expansion of production capacity and the
                                                    strengthened efforts on promotion. Meanwhile, the Group will expedite the delivery of orders for the
                                                    markets of public transport and special vehicles. The Group’s new energy automobile business will continue
                                                    to maintain the positive momentum of rapid growth. However, the competition in the traditional vehicle
                                                    market is still fierce, exerting pressure on the Group’s traditional vehicle business to a certain extent. With
                                                    the continuous development of the metal component business, it is expected that the handset components
                                                    and assembly business will achieve sound development in the third quarter. In respect of the solar power
                                                    business, as product prices remained low, it is expected that it will have certain adverse impact on the
                                                    Group’s overall results.




8
                                                                                                                    BYD Company Limited
                                                                                                                      Interim Report 2015




Management Discussion & Analysis
Financial Review

Turnover and Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent
During the Period, turnover increased by 20.70% as compared to that of the first half of 2014, mainly driven by the growth in automobile and related
products. Profit attributable to owners of the parent increased by 29.38% as compared to the same period last year, mainly due to the increase in
automobile business.


Segmental Information
The chart below sets out comparisons of the Group’s turnover by product category for the six months ended 30 June 2015 and 2014:

                       7%                                                                           9%
                       Rechargeable batteries and                                                   Rechargeable batteries and
                       photovoltaic business                                                        photovoltaic business




37%                                                                            43%
Handset components                                                             Handset components
and assembly                                                                   and assembly
business                             2015                                      business                             2014
                                                                    56%                                                                             48%
                                                             Automobile and
                                                                                                                                             Automobile and
                                                            related products
                                                                                                                                            related products



                                      1H 2015                                                                       1H 2014



During the Period, the new energy vehicle business of the Group grew significantly, driving an increase in the proportion of automobile and related
products, while the proportion of handset components and assembly business decreased, and the proportion of rechargeable batteries and photovoltaic
business decreased.


Gross Profit and Margin
During the Period, the Group’s gross profit increased by approximately 21.41% to approximately RMB4,575 million. Gross profit margin increased from
approximately 14.94% in the first half of 2014 to approximately 15.03% during the Period. The increase in gross profit margin was attributable to the
increase in proportion of revenue from new energy automobile business which has a higher gross profit margin.


Liquidity and Financial Resources
During the Period, BYD recorded an operating cash inflow of approximately RMB3,022 million, compared with an operating cash outflow of
approximately RMB544 million in the first half of last year. Total borrowings as at 30 June 2015, including all bank loans, bond payables and other
secured loans, were approximately RMB31,857 million, compared with approximately RMB30,152 million as at 31 December 2014. The maturity
profile of bank loans, bond payables and other secured loans spread over a period of ten years, with approximately RMB18,746 million repayable within
one year and approximately RMB7,405 million repayable in the second year, approximately RMB5,706 million repayable within three to five years. The
Group maintained adequate cash to meet its daily liquidity management and capital expenditure requirements and controlled its internal operating cash
flows.




                                                                                                                                                               9
                             BYD Company Limited
                             Interim Report 2015




Management Discussion & Analysis
Turnover days of trade and bills receivables increased to approximately 124 days for the six months ended 30 June 2015, compared to approximately
106 days for the same period in 2014. Increase in turnover days of trade and bills receivables was mainly due to the increase in average balance of
trade and bills receivables. Inventory turnover days were approximately 84 days for the six months ended 30 June 2015, compared to approximately
76 days for the same period in 2014. The change in inventory turnover days was primarily due to the higher year-on-year increase in average inventory
than the year-on-year increase in cost of sales.


Capital Structure
The Group’s Financial Division is responsible for the Group’s financial risk management which operates according to policies implemented and
approved by the senior management. As at 30 June 2015, borrowings were primarily settled in Renminbi, while cash and cash equivalents were
primarily held in Renminbi and US dollars. The Group plans to maintain an appropriate mix of share capital and debt to ensure an efficient capital
structure during the Period. The loans remaining outstanding as at 30 June 2015 were at fixed interest rates or floating interest rates for Renminbi
loans and foreign currency loans.


The Group monitors its capital by using gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by equity. The Group’s policy is to maintain the gearing ratio as low as
possible. Net debt includes interest-bearing bank and other borrowings less cash and cash equivalents. Equity represents equity attributable to owners
of the parent. Therefore, the gearing ratios of the Group was 111% and 103% as at 30 June 2015 and 31 December 2014, respectively.


Foreign Exchange Risk
Most of the Group’s income and expenditure are settled in Renminbi and US dollars. During the Period, the Group did not experience any significant
difficulties in or impacts on its operations or liquidity due to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. The Directors believe that the Group has sufficient
foreign exchange to meet its own foreign exchange requirements and will adopt practical and effective measures to prevent exposure to exchange rate
risk.


Employment, Training and Development
As at 30 June 2015, the Group had approximately 200,000 employees. During the Period, total staff cost accounted for approximately 20.57% of the
Group’s turnover. Employees’ remuneration was determined based on performance, qualification and prevailing industry practices, with compensation
policies being reviewed on a regular basis. Bonuses and commissions may also be awarded to employees based on their annual performance
appraisal. Incentives were offered to encourage personal development.


Share Capital
As at 30 June 2015, the share capital of the Company was as follows:


                                                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                                                  shares issued          Percentage (%)
 A shares                                                                                                         1,561,000,000                     63.05
 H shares                                                                                                           915,000,000                     36.95
 Total                                                                                                            2,476,000,000                    100.00


Purchase, Sale or Redemption of Shares

The Company did not redeem any of its shares during the period from 1 January 2015 to 30 June 2015. During the Period, neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries purchased or sold any of the Company’s shares.




10
                                                                                                               BYD Company Limited
                                                                                                                 Interim Report 2015




Management Discussion & Analysis
Material Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures

On 12 February 2015, the Company and Holitech Technology Co., Ltd.* (合力泰科技股份有限公司) (“Holitech”) entered into the strategic
cooperation, asset transfer in consideration of non-public offering shares and cash framework agreement (戰略合作暨非公開發行股份及支付
現金購買資產框架協議), pursuant to which the Company intended to sell 100% equity interest (the “Subject Assets”) of Shenzhen BYD Electronic
Components Co., Ltd. (“Electronic Components”) to Holitech. Electronic Components was originally engaged in the research and development,
production and sales of flexible circuit board products. After the integration by the Company, Electronic Components will form three complete business
systems, namely flexible circuit boards, LCD display and modules, and webcam products. On 3 April 2015, the Company and Holitech entered into the
agreement for strategic cooperation, asset transfer in consideration of non-public offering shares and cash (戰略合作暨非公開發行股份及支付
現金購買資產協議). Pursuant to the agreement, based on the appraised value of the Subject Assets determined in the asset appraisal report issued
by an asset appraisal institution with relevant qualification in the securities business, the parties negotiated and agreed that the final consideration
for the transaction of the 100% equity interest in Electronic Components was RMB2,300 million. Holitech shall conduct the acquisition by way of a
combination of offering shares and cash, of which RMB1,725 million of the consideration would be satisfied by issuing 178,941,908 shares and
RMB575 million of the consideration would be satisfied in cash. It is expected that the disposal will be completed during the year.


Details of the above transaction were set out in the circular dated 21 March 2015 in relation to the Company’s disposal of 100% equity interest in
Electronic Components in return for cash and consideration shares, which was subject to shareholders’ approval. Details of the final consideration of
the above transaction were set out in the voluntary announcement dated 3 April 2015. The transaction was considered and approved at the 2015 first
extraordinary general meeting held on 7 April 2015. On 9 July 2015, the above transaction was reviewed and conditionally approved by the Listed
Companies Merger and Reorganization Approval Committee of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (“CSRC”) at its 58th work meeting in 2015.


Saved as disclosed in this report, the Group did not have any other material investment, acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries, joint ventures and
associates during the Period.


Capital Commitments

Please refer to note 15 to the financial statements for details of capital commitments for business.


Contingent Liabilities

Please refer to note 14 to the financial statements for details of contingent liabilities.


Post Balance Sheet Events

Please refer to note 18 to the financial statements for details of post balance sheet events.




                                                                                                                                                    11
                            BYD Company Limited
                            Interim Report 2015




Supplementary Information
Corporate Governance

Compliance with the Code on Corporate Governance Practices
The Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) is committed to maintaining and ensuring high standards of corporate governance practices.


The Board has emphasized on maintaining a quality Board with various expertise among directors, high transparency and an effective system for
accountability, in order to enhance shareholders’ value. The Board is of the view that the Company has complied with the applicable code provisions of
the Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules during the Period except for the following deviation:


Code A.2.1
Code A.2.1 stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual.


Mr. Wang Chuan-fu is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Board considers that this structure will not impair the balance
of rights and authorities between the Board and the management. The Board of the Company comprises experienced and high calibre individuals
and meets regularly every three months to discuss issues affecting operations of the Group. Through the operation of the Board, a sufficient balance
between rights and authorities is assured. The Board believes that this structure is conducive to a strong and consistent leadership, enabling the Group
to make and implement decisions promptly and efficiently. The Board has full confidence in Mr. Wang and believes his appointment to the posts of
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is beneficial to the business development of the Company.


Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Companies
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Companies as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules
(the “Model Code”) as the code of conduct regarding directors’ securities transactions. After making specific enquiries to all directors, all directors have
confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code during the Period.




12
                                                                                                              BYD Company Limited
                                                                                                                Interim Report 2015




Supplementary Information
Disclosure Pursuant to Rule 13.51B (1) of the Listing Rules
Since the publication of the latest annual report of the Company, Mr. Wang Zi-dong was appointed as an independent non-executive director of Beijing
Easpring Material Technology Co., Ltd. (Stock Code: 300073) on 16 April 2015. This company is listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.


Saved as disclosed above, there is no other information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B (1) of the Listing Rules.


Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
During the six months ended 30 June 2015, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any listed securities of the
Company.


The Board’s Diversity Policy
The Board has adopted the Diversity Policy, which sets out the approach to diversity of Board members. In determining the Board composition, the
Company considers a range of diversity elements, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and education background, professional experience,
skills and knowledge. All appointments of the Board will be made based on merit and objective criteria while taking into full account of the interest of
Board’s diversity.


Audit Committee
The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-executive directors and one non-executive director. A meeting was convened by the Company’s
Audit Committee on 26 August 2015 to review the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Group and to discuss matters of auditing,
internal control, risk management and financial reporting (including the financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2015) before making
recommendations to the Board for approval of the relevant matters.


Interim Dividend
The Board does not recommend the payment of interim dividend for the reporting period (For the six months ended 30 June 2014: Nil).




                                                                                                                                                    13
                              BYD Company Limited
                              Interim Report 2015




Supplementary Information
Directors’, Supervisors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests

As at 30 June 2015, the interests of each of the directors, supervisors and chief executives of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and
debentures of the Company or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the
Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”)) which were required to be notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Hong Kong
Stock Exchange”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests which are taken or deemed to be owned under the relevant
provisions of the SFO), or which were required to be recorded in the register specified in section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified
to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code of Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers under the
Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (for this purpose, the relevant provisions of the SFO will be interpreted as
applicable to the supervisors) were as follows:–


A Shares of RMB1.00 each

                                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                                          percentage of           Approximate
                                                                                                                        shareholding in          percentage of
                                                                                                                       the total number         shareholding in
                                                                                                      Number of               of issued         the total issued
Name                                                                                                   A Shares            A Shares (%)        share capital (%)


Wang Chuan-fu (Director)                                                                          512,393,520 (L)              32.82%                   20.69%
Lv Xiang-yang (Director)                                                                          401,810,480 (L)              25.74%                   16.23%
                                                                                                         (Note 1)
Xia Zuo-quan (Director)                                                                             118,977,060                  7.62%                   4.81%


(L) – Long Position


Note:


1.      Of the 401,810,480 A Shares, 239,228,620 A shares were held by Mr. Lv in his personal capacity and 162,581,860 A Shares were held by Youngy Investment
        Holding Group Co., Ltd. (融捷投資控股集團有限公司) (“Youngy Investment”, formerly known as Guangzhou Youngy Management & Investment Group
        Company Limited). Youngy Investment was in turn held by Mr. Lv and his spouse as to 89.5% and 10.5% equity interests, respectively. Mr. Lv was therefore
        deemed to be interested in 162,581,860 A Shares under the SFO.




14
                                                                                                                     BYD Company Limited
                                                                                                                       Interim Report 2015




Supplementary Information
H Shares of RMB1.00 each

                                                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                                                             percentage of         Approximate
                                                                                                                           shareholding in        percentage of
                                                                                                                          the total number       shareholding in
                                                                                                      Number of                     of issued    the total issued
Name                                                                                                   H Shares               H Shares (%)      share capital (%)


Wang Chuan-fu (Director)                                                                            1,000,000 (L)                      0.11%              0.04%
Xia Zuo-quan (Director)                                                                               500,000 (L)                      0.05%              0.02%
                                                                                                          (Note 2)


(L) – Long Position


Note:


2.      Of the 500,000 H Shares, 195,000 H shares were held by Mr. Xia as a beneficial owner and 305,000 H shares were held by Sign Investments Limited,which was
        wholly-owned by Mr. Xia.


Saved as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2015, none of the directors, supervisors or chief executives of the Company had an interest or short position
in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which
was required to be (a) recorded in the register to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (b) notified to the Company and the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers.




                                                                                                                                                               15
                                   BYD Company Limited
                                   Interim Report 2015




Supplementary Information
Shareholders with Notifiable Interests

As at 30 June 2015, to the best knowledge of the Directors of the Company, the following persons (other than the directors, supervisors and chief
executives of the Company) had interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company which were required to be disclosed to
the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or entered in the register kept by the
Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:


1.    A Shares of RMB1.00 each

                                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                                                             percentage of            Approximate
                                                                                                                           shareholding in           percentage of
                                                                                                                          the total number         shareholding in
                                                                                                        Number of                of issued         the total issued
      Name                                                                                               A Shares             A Shares (%)        share capital (%)


      Youngy Investment (Note 1)                                                                   162,581,860 (L)                 10.42%                   6.57%


      (L) – Long Position


      Note:


      1.      Youngy Investment was owned by Mr. Lv Xiang-yang, a non-executive director of the Company as to 89.5%. Mr.Lv was therefore, deemed to be interested in
              162,581,860 A Shares held by Youngy Investment under the SFO.




16
                                                                                                                            BYD Company Limited
                                                                                                                              Interim Report 2015




Supplementary Information
2.   H Shares of RMB1.00 each

                                                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                                                                    percentage of            Approximate
                                                                                                                                  shareholding in           percentage of
                                                                                                                                 the total number         shareholding in
                                                                                                            Number of                    of issued        the total issued
     Name                                                                                                    H Shares                 H Shares (%)       share capital (%)


     Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Note 1)                                                                   225,000,000 (L)                      24.59%                9.09%
     Berkshire Hathaway Energy (Note 1)                                                                 225,000,000 (L)                      24.59%                9.09%
     Li Lu (Note 2)                                                                                      57,404,700 (L)                       6.27%                2.32%
     LL Group, LLC (Note 2)                                                                              57,404,700 (L)                       6.27%                2.32%
     BlackRock Inc,. (Note 3)                                                                            50,511,367 (L)                       5.52%                2.04%
                                                                                                            359,500 (S)                       0.04%                0.01%


     (L) – Long Position      (S) – Short Position


     Notes:


     1.       Berkshire Hathaway Inc. was deemed to be interested in 225,000,000 H shares (L) through its controlled corporation, Berkshire Hathaway Energy (formerly
              known as MidAmerican Energy Holdings Company), for the 225,000,000 H shares directly held by it.


     2.       LL Group, LLC was deemed to be interested in 57,404,700 H shares (L) through its controlled corporation, Himalaya Capital Investors, L.P. (formerly known
              as LL Investment Partners, L.P.). Li Lu, being the controlling shareholder of Capital Investors, L.P. (formerly known as LL Group, LLC), was also deemed to be
              interested in 57,404,700 H shares.


     3.       BlackRock, Inc. was deemed to be interested in 50,511,367 H shares (L) and had a short position in 359,500 H shares through its controlled corporations.
              Of these shares, 264,000 H shares (L) were held by BlackRock Investment Management LLC; 471,500 H shares (L) were held by BlackRock Financial
              Management Inc.; 9,505,800 H shares (L) and 359,500 H shares (S) were held by BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, National Association; 17,542,500
              H shares (L) were held by BlackRock Fund Advisors; 27,500 H shares (L) were held by BlackRock Advisors, LLC; 663,500 H shares (L) were held by
              BlackRock Japan Co., Ltd.; 76,500 H shares (L) were held by BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited; 74,000 H shares (L) were held by BlackRock
              Investment Management (Australia) Limited; 448,635 H shares (L) were held by BlackRock Asset Management North Asia Limited; 154,000 H shares (L)
              were held by BlackRock (Netherlands) B.V.; 14,724,130 H shares (L) were held by Blackrock Advisors (UK) Limited; 397,000 H shares (L) were held by
              BlackRock International Limited; 4,014,000 H shares (L) were held by BlackRock Asset Management Ireland Limited; 125,000 H shares (L) were held by
              BlackRock (Luxembourg) S.A.; 1,720,702 H Shares (L) were held by BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Ltd.; 299,600 H shares (L) were held by
              BlackRock Fund Managers Ltd.; and 3,000 H shares (L) were held by BlackRock Asset Management (Schweiz) AG. All of these entities are either controlled
              or indirectly controlled by BlackRock, Inc. Among the 50,511,367 H shares (L) held by BlackRock, Inc., 349,000 H shares (L) were held through derivatives.


     As at 30 June 2015, the total issued share capital of the Company was RMB2,476,000,000, divided into 1,561,000,000 A Shares of RMB1.00
     each and 915,000,000 H shares of RMB1.00 each, all have been fully paid up.




                                                                                                                                                                        17
                               BYD Company Limited
                               Interim Report 2015




Interim Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015



                                                                                       For the six months ended
                                                                             Notes   30 June 2015           30 June 2014
                                                                                       (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000


  REVENUE                                                                     5        30,434,774             25,215,183

  Cost of sales                                                                       (25,859,539)           (21,446,810)

  Gross profit                                                                          4,575,235                 3,768,373

  Other income and gains                                                      5           254,408                237,684
  Government grants and subsidies                                                         329,309                327,984
  Selling and distribution costs                                                       (1,201,130)              (985,814)
  Research and development costs                                                         (743,982)              (769,525)
  Administrative expenses                                                              (1,513,757)            (1,181,572)
  Other expenses                                                                           (91,044)               (56,138)
  Finance costs                                                               6          (687,696)              (680,615)
  Share of profits and losses of:
     Joint ventures                                                                       (90,474)                   (9,716)
     Associates                                                                              (331)                   (1,730)


  PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                                           7           830,538                  648,931

  Income tax expense                                                          8          (206,342)                  (87,349)

  PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                                                   624,196                  561,582


  Attributable to:
     Owners of the parent                                                                 466,660                  360,691
     Non-controlling interests                                                            157,536                  200,891


                                                                                          624,196                  561,582


  Earnings per share attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent
    – basic and diluted for the period                                        9          RMB0.19                   RMB0.15




18
                                                                     BYD Company Limited
                                                                       Interim Report 2015




Interim Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015



                                                                       For the six months ended
                                                                    30 June 2015             30 June 2014
                                                                      (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)
                                                                        RMB’000                   RMB’000


  PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                                    624,196                561,582


  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

  Other comprehensive income to be reclassified to
    profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Available-for-sale investments:
    Changes in fair value                                                              –              (226)
    Reclassification adjustments for gain included in the interim
     condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss-gain
    on disposal                                                                        –            (4,261)


                                                                                       –            (4,487)

  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                     5,997              43,455

  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD, NET OF TAX                         5,997              38,968


  TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD                                630,193                600,550


  Attributable to:
     Owners of the parent                                                  473,772                407,956
     Non-controlling interests                                             156,421                192,594


                                                                           630,193                600,550




                                                                                                         19
                              BYD Company Limited
                              Interim Report 2015




Interim Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 30 June 2015



                                                               30 June     31 December
                                                    Notes         2015            2014
                                                            (Unaudited)        (Audited)
                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


  NON-CURRENT ASSETS
  Property, plant and equipment                      10     36,957,275      36,379,422
  Prepaid land lease payments                                4,510,050       4,448,034
  Goodwill                                                      65,914          65,914
  Other intangible assets                                    6,819,202       6,306,965
  Non-current prepayments                                    3,258,288       2,411,053
  Long-term receivable                                         405,148         315,311
  Investments in joint ventures                              1,528,855       1,074,435
  Investments in associates                                    354,714         339,118
  Available-for-sale investments                                35,000          35,000
  Deferred tax assets                                        1,084,497         965,486
  Property under development                                   855,953         833,875


  Total non-current assets                                  55,874,896      53,174,613


  CURRENT ASSETS
  Inventories                                        11     13,250,603       9,978,317
  Trade and bills receivables                        12     18,703,314      22,434,973
  Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                2,986,285       2,923,167
  Due from the joint ventures and associates                   504,935         976,892
  Completed property held for sale                              61,822          67,729
  Pledged deposits                                             317,716         363,698
  Short-term deposits                                          362,211         139,051
  Cash and cash equivalents                                  3,196,585       3,950,415


  Total current assets                                      39,383,471      40,834,242

  CURRENT LIABILITIES
  Trade and bills payables                           13     25,959,581      25,851,020
  Other payables                                             3,693,278       3,632,713
  Advances from customers                                    2,117,358       3,582,610
  Deferred income                                              187,780         146,406
  Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                18,746,347      19,172,635
  Due to joint ventures and associates                         132,769          23,948
  Due to related parties                                        29,385          61,533
  Tax payable                                                  342,241         142,878
  Provision                                                    407,989         408,381


  Total current liabilities                                 51,616,728      53,022,124


  NET CURRENT LIABILITIES                                   (12,233,257)   (12,187,882)


  TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                     43,641,639      40,986,731

                                                                            continued/…




20
                                                        BYD Company Limited
                                                          Interim Report 2015




Interim Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 30 June 2015



                                                            30 June             31 December
                                                Notes          2015                    2014
                                                         (Unaudited)                (Audited)
                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000


  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
  Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings             13,110,992              10,979,299
  Deferred income                                         1,101,293               1,110,021
  Other liabilities                                           4,724                   2,974


  Total non-current liabilities                          14,217,009              12,092,294


  Net assets                                             29,424,630              28,894,437


  EQUITY
  Equity attributable to owners of the parent
  Issued capital                                          2,476,000               2,476,000
  Reserves                                               23,363,369              22,889,597


                                                         25,839,369              25,365,597


  Non-controlling interests                                3,585,261              3,528,840


  Total equity                                           29,424,630              28,894,437




                                                                                           21
                                              BYD Company Limited
                                              Interim Report 2015




Interim Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015



                                                                                                              Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                                       Share                         Statutory        Exchange                       Proposed                         Non-
                                                                        Issued      premium         Capital            surplus        fluctuation      Retained           final                 controlling         Total
                                                                        capital      account       reserve       reserve fund            reserve          profits     dividend          Total     interests        equity
                                                                    (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)
                                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000


  At 1 January 2014                                                 2,354,100     2,643,425     4,398,830          1,965,745           (162,181)     10,392,140       117,705     21,709,764    3,146,677     24,856,441
  Profit for the period                                                      –             –             –                   –                 –       360,691               –      360,691       200,891       561,582
  Other comprehensive income for the period:
     Changes in fair value of available- for-sale
     investments, net of tax                                                 –             –          (226)                  –                 –               –             –          (226)            –          (226)
     Reclassification adjustments for gain included
     in the interim condensed consolidated
     statement of profit or loss-gain on disposal
     of available-for-sale investments                                       –             –        (4,261)                  –                 –               –             –        (4,261)            –        (4,261)
     Exchange differences on translation of
   foreign operations                                                        –             –             –                   –           51,752                –             –       51,752         (8,297)      43,455


  Total comprehensive income for the period                                  –             –        (4,487)                  –           51,752        360,691               –      407,956       192,594       600,550


  Issue of shares                                                     121,900     3,220,188              –                   –                 –               –             –     3,342,088             –     3,342,088
  2013 dividend declared                                                     –             –             –                   –                 –         (6,095)     (117,705)      (123,800)      (22,219)     (146,019)
  The government subsidies designated to
     increase the capital reserve                                            –             –         4,234                   –                 –         (4,234)             –             –             –             –


  At 30 June 2014                                                   2,476,000     5,863,613*    4,398,577*         1,965,745*         (110,429)*     10,742,502*             –    25,336,008    3,317,052     28,653,060


                                                                                                                                                                                                        continued/…




22
                                                                                                                                                 BYD Company Limited
                                                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2015




Interim Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015




                                                                                       Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                Share                         Statutory        Exchange                        Proposed                            Non-
                                                 Issued      premium         Capital            surplus       fluctuation       Retained            final                    controlling          Total
                                                 capital      account       reserve       reserve fund            reserve          profits     dividend              Total     interests         equity
                                             (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)
                                               RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


    At 1 January 2015                         2,476,000     5,863,563     4,432,638          2,109,406          (153,624)     10,637,614               –       25,365,597     3,528,840     28,894,437
    Profit for the period                             –             –             –                   –                 –        466,660               –          466,660       157,536        624,196
    Other comprehensive income for
       the period:
       Exchange differences on translation
       of foreign operations                          –             –             –                   –            7,112                –              –            7,112         (1,115)        5,997


    Total comprehensive income for
       the period                                     –             –             –                   –            7,112         466,660               –          473,772       156,421        630,193


    Reduction of equity interests in
       of subsidiaries                                –             –             –                   –                 –               –              –                 –     (100,000)      (100,000)
    The government subsidies designated
       to increase the capital reserve                –             –         2,076                   –                 –          (2,076)             –                 –             –             –


    At 30 June 2015                           2,476,000    5,863,563*    4,434,714*         2,109,406*          (146,512)*    11,102,198*              –       25,839,369     3,585,261     29,424,630


*          These reserve amounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB23,363,369,000 in the interim condensed consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June
           2015.




                                                                                                                                                                                                   23
                               BYD Company Limited
                               Interim Report 2015




Interim Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015



                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                         Note             2015                   2014
                                                                                   (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                                                      RMB’000                 RMB’000


  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Profit before tax                                                                   830,538                  648,931
  Adjustments for:
     Finance costs                                                        6           687,696                  680,615
     Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates                       90,805                   11,446
     Bank interest income                                                 5            (37,994)                 (58,358)
     Government grants and subsidies                                                   (23,894)               (169,873)
     Loss on disposal of items of non-current assets                                     3,763                   16,384
  Fair value gains, net:
     Available-for-sale investments (transfer from equity on disposal)                        –                   (4,261)
     Dividend received from available-for-sale investments                               (1,466)                       –
     Depreciation                                                         7         1,942,665                1,777,259
     Impairment of inventories                                            7           115,243                    98,719
     Impairment of trade receivables                                      7             60,572                   53,166
     Impairment losses of trade receivables reversed                      7            (14,068)                 (44,130)
     Recognition of prepaid land lease payments                                         50,778                   51,620
     Amortisation of other intangible assets                                          348,129                  215,275


                                                                                    4,052,767                3,276,793

  Increase in inventories                                                           (3,387,529)               (993,598)
  Decrease/(increase) in trade and bills receivables                                 3,685,005              (2,397,855)
  Increase in prepayments, deposits and other receivables                             (153,923)               (220,780)
  Decrease/(increase) in amounts due from
     joint ventures and associates                                                     471,957                (374,152)
  (Increase)/decrease in long term receivable                                           (89,837)                14,839
  Increase in property under development                                                  (1,799)                (1,030)
  Decrease in completed property held for sale                                           24,736                380,541
  Decrease in trade and bills payables                                                  (85,693)              (583,232)
  (Decrease)/increase in other payables                                                   (6,558)               59,568
  (Decrease)/increase in advances from customers                                    (1,465,252)                227,972
  Increase in amounts due to joint ventures and associates                             108,821                  13,221
  Decrease in amount due to the related parties                                         (32,148)                      –
  (Decrease)/increase in provision for warranties                                           (392)              107,082


  Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                          3,120,155                 (490,631)
  Interest received                                                       5            37,994                   58,358
  Taxes paid                                                                         (136,108)                (111,396)


  Net cash flows from/(used in) operating activities                                3,022,041                 (543,669)

                                                                                                            continued/…




24
                                                                        BYD Company Limited
                                                                          Interim Report 2015




Interim Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015



                                                                      For the six months ended 30 June
                                                               Note             2015                   2014
                                                                         (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000


  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                     (4,325,677)             (2,680,378)
  (Increase)/decrease in non-current prepayments                            (108,234)                208,610
  Increase in prepaid land lease payments                                   (114,304)                 (35,797)
  Investment in short-term deposits                                         (262,699)               (403,617)
  Withdrawal of short-term deposits                                           39,539                 290,766
  Receipt of government grants                                                56,540                    6,087
  Additions to other intangible assets                                      (804,240)               (981,472)
  Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and
     equipment and other intangibles assets                                1,499,354                   53,999
  Disposal of a subsidiary                                                          –                  80,000
  Proceeds from settlement of available-for-sale investments                        –                   4,261
  Dividend received from available-for-sale investments                         1,466                       –
  Purchases of available-for-sale investments                                       –                 (30,000)
  Capital contributions to an associate                                       (16,000)                      –
  Capital contributions to joint ventures                                   (676,780)               (315,000)


  Net cash flows used in investing activities                             (4,711,035)             (3,802,541)


  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Proceeds from issue of shares                                                    –               3,342,088
  New bank loans                                                         11,276,295               15,200,234
  Repayment of bank loans                                                 (9,569,412)            (10,170,335)
  Interest paid                                                             (831,898)               (774,816)
  Increase in pledged deposits                                                45,982                 240,286


  Net cash flows from financing activities                                    920,967              7,837,457

  NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                      (768,027)              3,491,247
  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                         3,950,415               4,510,942
  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                14,197                  54,983


  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                               3,196,585               8,057,172




                                                                                                           25
                               BYD Company Limited
                               Interim Report 2015




Notes to Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015


1. Corporate information

       BYD Company Limited (the “Company”) is a joint stock limited liability company registered in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). The
       Company’s H shares and A shares have been listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and Shenzhen Stock Exchange since 31 July
       2002 and 30 June 2011, respectively. The registered office of the Company is located at Yan An Road, Kuichong, Longgang District, Shenzhen,
       Guangdong Province, the PRC.

       The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) are the research, development, manufacture
       and sale of rechargeable battery and photovoltaic business, automobiles and related products, handset components, LCD and other electronic
       products.

2. Basis of preparation

       The interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2015 have been prepared in accordance with Hong
       Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

       The interim condensed consolidated financial statements do not include all the information and disclosures required in the annual financial
       statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2014.

       Despite the Group’s net current liabilities of approximately RMB12,233,257,000 as at 30 June 2015, the interim condensed consolidated
       financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis on the basis of the directors’ contention that the Group has sufficient cash
       flows in the foreseeable future to enable it to continue its operations and meet its liabilities as and when they fall due.

3. Changes in accounting policy and disclosures

       The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed financial statements are consistent with those followed in the
       preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2014, except for the adoption of the new
       standards and interpretations as noted below.

       The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis. Taxes on income for the interim period are
       accrued using the tax rates that would be applicable to expected total annual assessable profits.

       Amendments to HKAS 19                                Defined benefit plans: Employee contributions
       Annual Improvements                                  Amendments to a number of HKFRSs
         2010-2012 Cycle
       Annual Improvements                                  Amendments to a number of HKFRSs
         2011-2013 Cycle

       The adoption of the above new or revised standards, interpretation and amendments has had no material financial effect on the accounting
       policies of the Group and the methods of computation in the interim condensed consolidated financial statements.

       The Group has not early adopted any standard interpretation or amendment that was issued but not yet effective.




26
                                                                                                             BYD Company Limited
                                                                                                               Interim Report 2015




Notes to Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015


4. Segment information

       For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their products and services and has three reportable operating
       segments as follows:

       (a)    the rechargeable battery and photovoltaic business segment comprises the manufacture and sale of lithium-ion batteries and nickel
              batteries principally for mobile phones, electric tools and other portable electronic instruments and photovoltaic products;

       (b)    the mobile handset components and assembly service segment comprises the manufacture and sale of mobile handset components such
              as housings, keypads and the provision of assembly services; and

       (c)    the automobiles and related products segment comprises the manufacture and sale of automobiles and auto-related moulds and
              components.

       Management monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments separately for the purpose of making decisions about resources allocation
       and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based on reportable segment profit, which is a measure of adjusted profit
       before tax. The adjusted profit before tax is measured consistently with the Group’s profit before tax except that interest income, government
       grants and subsidies, finance costs, as well as head office and corporate expenses and gains are excluded from such measurement.

       Segment assets exclude deferred tax assets, goodwill, available-for-sale investments, tax to be deductible in the future and other unallocated
       head office and corporate assets, as these assets are managed on a group basis.

       Segment liabilities exclude interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, tax payable, dividend payable and other unallocated head office and
       corporate liabilities as these liabilities are managed on a group basis.

       Intersegment sales and transfers are transacted with reference to the selling prices used for sales made to third parties at the then prevailing
       market prices.




                                                                                                                                                   27
                                 BYD Company Limited
                                 Interim Report 2015




Notes to Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015


4. Segment information (continued)

       The following tables present revenue and profit information regarding the Group’s reportable operating segments for the six months ended 30
       June 2015 and 2014, respectively.

       Six months ended 30 June 2015 (Unaudited)


                                                         Rechargeable      Mobile handset
                                                           battery and       components         Automobiles
                                                          photovoltaic      and assembly         and related         Corporate
                                                             business              service         products         and others             Total
                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000


         Segment revenue
           Sales to external customers                      2,198,136         11,275,068         16,961,570                 –         30,434,774
           Intersegment sales                               2,205,139            847,359            309,560                 –          3,362,058
           Others including other gross income
            from sales of raw materials, properties
            and disposal of scrap materials                   152,678             143,100           186,031             4,854            486,663
         Taxes and surcharges                                  12,869              66,239           581,534               288            660,930


                                                            4,568,822         12,331,766         18,038,695             5,142         34,944,425


         Reconciliation:
           Elimination of intersegment sales                                                                                           (3,362,058)
           Elimination of other gross income                                                                                             (486,663)
           Elimination of taxes and surcharges                                                                                           (660,930)


         Revenue – sales to external customers                                                                                        30,434,774


         Segment results                                      106,824             658,208         1,289,975               150          2,055,157
         Reconciliation:
           Elimination of intersegment results                                                                                           (622,599)
           Interest income                                                                                                                 37,994
           Government grants and subsidies and
           unallocated gains                                                                                                              299,709
           Corporate and other unallocated expenses                                                                                      (252,027)
           Finance costs                                                                                                                 (687,696)


         Profit before tax                                                                                                               830,538




28
                                                                                                  BYD Company Limited
                                                                                                    Interim Report 2015




Notes to Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015


4. Segment information (continued)

       Six months ended 30 June 2014 (Unaudited)


                                                      Rechargeable    Mobile handset
                                                        battery and     components      Automobiles
                                                       photovoltaic    and assembly      and related                 Corporate
                                                          business            service      products                 and others         Total
                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000                    RMB’000        RMB’000


         Segment revenue
           Sales to external customers                  2,364,034        10,913,277     11,937,872                           –    25,215,183
           Intersegment sales                           1,275,136           436,543        134,615                           –     1,846,294
           Others including other gross income
            from sales of raw materials, properties
            and disposal of scrap materials               211,041           123,178        324,106                    378,121      1,036,446
         Taxes and surcharges                               7,439            49,290        384,918                     22,430        464,077


                                                        3,857,650        11,522,288     12,781,511                    400,551     28,562,000


         Reconciliation:
           Elimination of intersegment sales                                                                                      (1,846,294)
           Elimination of other gross income                                                                                      (1,036,446)
           Elimination of taxes and surcharges                                                                                      (464,077)


         Revenue – sales to external customers                                                                                    25,215,183


         Segment results                                  114,058           865,730        414,639                        2,456    1,396,883
         Reconciliation:
           Elimination of intersegment results                                                                                      (205,520)
           Interest income                                                                                                            58,359
           Government grants and subsidies and
           unallocated gains                                                                                                         355,588
           Corporate and other unallocated expenses                                                                                 (275,764)
           Finance costs                                                                                                            (680,615)


         Profit before tax                                                                                                          648,931




                                                                                                                                          29
                                  BYD Company Limited
                                  Interim Report 2015




Notes to Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015


4. Segment information (continued)

       The following table presents segment assets of the Group’s operating segments as at 30 June 2015 and 31 December 2014:

       Six months ended 30 June 2015 (Unaudited)

                                                                                 Rechargeable               Mobile handset
                                                                                   battery and                components                 Automobiles
                                                                                  photovoltaic               and assembly                 and related
                                                                                     business                       service                 products                       Total
                                                                                      RMB’000                     RMB’000                   RMB’000                     RMB’000


           Segment assets                                                            14,932,288                22,072,546                55,364,170                 92,369,004
           Reconciliation:
           Elimination of intersegment receivables                                                                                                                   (1,710,084)
           Elimination of unrealised profit of
              intersegment sales                                                                                                                                      (157,609)
           Corporate and other unallocated assets                                                                                                                    4,757,056


           Total assets                                                                                                                                             95,258,367


           Segment liabilities                                                        4,379,356                  8,667,697               22,057,814                 35,104,867
           Reconciliation:
           Elimination of intersegment payables                                                                                                                      (1,710,084)
           Corporate and other unallocated liabilities                                                                                                              32,438,954


           Total liabilities                                                                                                                                        65,833,737


           Other segment information:
           Impairment losses recognized in the
             statement of profit or loss                                                  67,632                    91,079                     3,036                   161,747
           Depreciation and amortization                                                 127,600                   844,478                 1,369,494                 2,341,572

           Capital expenditure                                                           898,525                 2,072,433                 2,521,182                 5,492,140

       *        Capital expenditure consists of additions to other intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, prepaid land lease payments and prepayment for equipment.




30
                                                                                         BYD Company Limited
                                                                                           Interim Report 2015




Notes to Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015


4. Segment information (continued)

       Year ended 31 December 2014 (Audited)


                                                       Rechargeable    Mobile handset
                                                         battery and     components                Automobiles
                                                        photovoltaic    and assembly                and related
                                                           business            service                products         Total
                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000                  RMB’000        RMB’000


         Segment assets                                  14,580,188       21,343,303               55,658,767     91,582,258
         Reconciliation:
         Elimination of intersegment receivables                                                                  (1,755,722)
         Elimination of unrealised profit of
            intersegment sales                                                                                        12,269
         Corporate and other unallocated assets                                                                    4,170,050


         Total assets                                                                                             94,008,855


         Segment liabilities                              4,066,268        8,563,595               23,613,540     36,243,403
         Reconciliation:
         Elimination of intersegment payables                                                                      (1,755,722)
         Corporate and other unallocated liabilities                                                              30,626,737


         Total liabilities                                                                                        65,114,418


         Other segment information:
         Impairment losses recognised in the
           statement of profit or loss                       41,492          195,545                    56,847       293,884
         Depreciation and amortisation                      736,954        1,158,304                 2,419,588     4,314,846

         Capital expenditure                              1,937,252        2,328,433                 5,061,181     9,326,866




                                                                                                                           31
                                   BYD Company Limited
                                   Interim Report 2015




Notes to Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015


5. Revenue, other income and gains

       Revenue, which is also the Group’s turnover, represents the net invoiced value of goods sold, after allowances for returns and trade discounts,
       and the value of assembly services rendered during the period.

       An analysis of revenue, other income and gains is as follows:


                                                                                                                                      For the six months ended
                                                                                                                                   30 June 2015             30 June 2014
                                                                                                                                     (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                                        RMB’000                  RMB’000


             Revenue
             Sales of goods                                                                                                            25,958,570                      20,242,597
             Assembly services income                                                                                                   4,469,950                       4,972,586
             Others                                                                                                                         6,254                               –


                                                                                                                                       30,434,774                      25,215,183


                                                                                                                                      For the six months ended
                                                                                                                                   30 June 2015             30 June 2014
                                                                                                                                     (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                                        RMB’000                  RMB’000


             Other income and gains
             Gain on disposal of scrap and materials                                                                                       105,886                         105,730
             Gain on sales of properties (i)                                                                                                   151                           2,455
             Bank interest income                                                                                                           37,994                          58,358
             Others                                                                                                                        110,377                          71,141


                                                                                                                                           254,408                         237,684

       Notes:

       (i)       The Group develops properties for sale to its employees. The gain on sales of properties related to the sales of properties with the property cost of RMB4,702,000 (six
                 months ended 30 June 2014: RMB375,661,000) and business tax of RMB288,000 (six months ended 30 June 2014: RMB22,431,000) to the employees during the
                 period. The sales amount has been fully paid by the employees as at the period ends.




32
                                                                                                             BYD Company Limited
                                                                                                               Interim Report 2015




Notes to Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015


6. Finance costs

                                                                                                               For the six months ended
                                                                                                            30 June 2015             30 June 2014
                                                                                                              (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                  RMB’000


         Interest on bank and other borrowings                                                                     804,919                  726,721
         Bank expenses for discounted bills receivables                                                             27,784                   77,600


                                                                                                                   832,703                  804,321

         Less: Interest capitalised                                                                               (145,007)                (123,706)

                                                                                                                   687,696                  680,615


       The average capitalisation rate for the period used to determine the amount of borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation was 5.81% (six months
       ended 30 June 2014: 5.76%).

7. Profit before tax

       The Group’s profit before tax is arrived after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                                               For the six months ended
                                                                                                            30 June 2015             30 June 2014
                                                                                                              (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                  RMB’000


         Cost of inventories sold                                                                             21,431,891                 16,727,672
         Cost of services provided                                                                             4,312,405                  4,620,419
         Depreciation                                                                                          1,942,665                  1,777,259
         Amortisation of other intangible assets                                                                 348,129                    215,275
         Impairment of trade receivables                                                                           60,572                     53,166
         Impairment losses of trade receivables reversed                                                          (14,068)                   (44,130)
         Write-down of inventories to net realisable value                                                       115,243                      98,719
         Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                                                 3,763                      9,608




                                                                                                                                                   33
                               BYD Company Limited
                               Interim Report 2015




Notes to Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015


8. Income tax expense

                                                                                                                For the six months ended
                                                                                                             30 June 2015             30 June 2014
                                                                                                               (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                  RMB’000


         Current – Mainland China                                                                                  325,353                    110,220
         Current – Hong Kong                                                                                             –                       1,021
         Deferred                                                                                                 (119,011)                    (23,892)


         Total tax charge for the period                                                                           206,342                     87,349


       Taxes on profits assessable have been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates, based on existing
       legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof.

       The prevailing corporate income tax rate in Mainland China where the Group primarily operates is 25%. Certain subsidiaries operating in
       Mainland China are approved to be high and new technology enterprises and are entitled to enjoy reduced enterprise income tax rates of 15% of
       the estimated assessable profits for the period.

9. Earnings per share attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent

       The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the period attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent
       and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 2,476,000,000 (six months ended 30 June 2014: 2,364,258,000) in issue during the
       period.


                                                                                                               For the six months ended
                                                                                                             30 June 2015            30 June 2014
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000


         Earnings
         Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
            used in the basic earnings per share calculation                                                       466,660                    360,691


                                                                                                               For the six months ended
                                                                                                             30 June 2015            30 June 2014


         Shares
         Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the period,
           used in the basic earnings per share calculation                                                 2,476,000,000              2,364,258,000


       No diluted earnings per share amount has been presented for the period as no diluting events existed during these period.




34
                                                                                                                 BYD Company Limited
                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2015




Notes to Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015


10. Property, plant and equipment
       During the six months ended 30 June 2015, the Group acquired assets with a cost of RMB4,040,223,000 (six months ended 30 June 2014:
       RMB2,217,328,000) on additions to property, plant and equipment.

       Assets with a net book value of RMB1,509,332,000 were disposed of by the group during the six months ended 30 June 2015 (six months
       ended 30 June 2014: RMB70,381,000), resulting in a net loss on disposal of RMB3,763,000 (six months ended 30 June 2014: loss of
       RMB9,608,000). Of which, the Group has entered into a sales and leaseback agreement (the “Agreement”) with a third party lease company
       and Shenzhen BYD International Financial Lease Co., Ltd. (the “Lessor”). Pursuant to the Agreement, the Group sold the fixed assets with a net
       carrying amount of RMB1,444,053,000 (the “Subject Assets”) to the Lessor and subsequently leased back the Subject Assets for a term of three
       years during which the Group is requested to pay a rental fee of RMB402,208,000 per annum.

11. Inventories

                                                                                                                     30 June             31 December
                                                                                                                        2015                    2014
                                                                                                                  (Unaudited)                (Audited)
                                                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000

         Raw materials                                                                                              2,917,277               2,490,569
         Work-in-progress                                                                                           5,613,801               4,147,742
         Finished goods                                                                                             4,050,915               2,789,720
         Mould held for production                                                                                    668,610                 550,286

                                                                                                                  13,250,603                9,978,317

       As at 30 June 2015, the Group’s inventories with a carrying amount of RMB459,718,000 (2014: RMB238,212,000) were pledged as security
       for the Group’s bank loans.

12. Trade and bills receivables
       For sales under traditional fuel-engined automobiles and related products within automobile segment, payment in advance, mainly in the form
       of bank bills, and commercial bills, are normally required. For sales under new energy automobiles and related products within automobile
       segment, the Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit. For sales under other segments, the Group’s trading terms with its
       customers are mainly on credit, except for new customers, where payment in advance is normally required. The credit period is generally for a
       period of one to three months except for new energy automobiles customers which the Group may allow to make instalment payments within one
       to two years.

       The aged analysis of the trade and bills receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date and net of provisions, is as
       follows:

                                                                                                                     30 June             31 December
                                                                                                                        2015                    2014
                                                                                                                  (Unaudited)                (Audited)
                                                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000


         Within three months                                                                                        8,748,892             17,220,962
         Four to six months                                                                                         4,954,723              2,388,325
         Seven months to one year                                                                                   3,493,541              1,843,477
         Over one year                                                                                              1,506,158                982,209


                                                                                                                  18,703,314              22,434,973

       The directors are of the opinion that the carrying amounts of trade and bills receivables approximate to their fair values.


                                                                                                                                                     35
                               BYD Company Limited
                               Interim Report 2015




Notes to Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015


13. Trade and bills payables

       An aged analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                                                     30 June                 31 December
                                                                                                                        2015                        2014
                                                                                                                  (Unaudited)                    (Audited)
                                                                                                                    RMB’000                     RMB’000


         Within three months                                                                                       19,064,098                 18,673,577
         Four to six months                                                                                         6,622,914                  6,903,766
         Seven months to one year                                                                                     118,270                     88,615
         One to two years                                                                                              45,465                     70,532
         Two to three years                                                                                            43,298                     52,162
         Over three years                                                                                              65,536                     62,368


                                                                                                                   25,959,581                 25,851,020


       The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled within terms of 30 to 120 days.

14. Contingent liabilities

       (a) Action against Foxconn
              On 11 June 2007, a Hong Kong High Court (the “Court”) action (the “June 2007 Action”) was commenced by a subsidiary and an affiliate
              of Foxconn International Holdings Limited (the “Plaintiffs”) against the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Group (the “Defendants”)
              for using confidential information alleged to have been obtained improperly from the Plaintiffs. The Plaintiffs alleged that the Defendants
              have directly or indirectly through the assistance of certain employees of the Plaintiffs, induced and procured certain former employees
              of the Plaintiffs (some of whom were subsequently employed by the Group) to breach their contractual and fiduciary duties with their
              former employer, the Plaintiffs, by disclosing to the Defendants confidential information that such employees have acquired through their
              employment with the Plaintiffs. In addition, it was alleged that the Defendants knew or ought to have known the confidential nature of
              such information and that the Defendants allowed or acquiesced its misuse in establishing a handset production system that is highly
              similar to the Plaintiffs’ handset production system and using the Plaintiffs’ confidential information with respect to their suppliers and
              customers. The Plaintiffs discontinued the June 2007 Action on 5 October 2007 with the effect that the June 2007 Action has been
              wholly discontinued against all the Defendants named in the action and that this finally disposed of the June 2007 Action without any
              liability to the Defendants. On the same day, the Plaintiffs initiated a new set of legal proceedings in the Court (the “October 2007 Action”).
              The Defendants named in the October 2007 Action are the same as the Defendants in the June 2007 Action, and the claims made by
              the Plaintiffs in the October 2007 Action are based on the same facts and the same grounds in the June 2007 Action. In essence, the
              Plaintiffs alleged that the Defendants have misappropriated and misused confidential information belonging to the Plaintiffs. The remedies
              sought by the Plaintiffs in the October 2007 Action included an injunction restraining the Defendants from using the alleged confidential
              information, an order for the disgorgement of profit made by the Defendants through the use of the confidential information, damages
              based on the loss suffered by the Plaintiffs and exemplary damages. The Plaintiffs have quantified part of their claim for damages,
              consisting of the estimated cost of producing the alleged confidential information of RMB2,907,000 and an amount of RMB3,600,000
              which allegedly represents compensation paid by the Plaintiffs to other parties to whom they owed a duty to keep confidential the alleged
              confidential information. The damages otherwise sought by the Plaintiffs in the October 2007 Action have not been quantified.

              Regarding the October 2007 Action, the Company has given an indemnity in favour of other Defendants for all liabilities, losses, damages,
              costs and expenses (if any) incurred arising out of, or in connection with the October 2007 Action. The indemnity given by the Company to
              the indemnified parties will not cover loss of future profit and revenue as well as any obligation, such as ceasing to use certain information,
              on the part of the indemnified parties to comply with any injunction order or any court order to deliver up documents. The service of writs
              on all of the Defendants has been duly acknowledged.




36
                                                                                                              BYD Company Limited
                                                                                                                Interim Report 2015




Notes to Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015


14. Contingent liabilities (continued)

       (a) Action against Foxconn (continued)
              On 2 November 2007, the Company and its subsidiary, BYD Hong Kong Limited (“BYD Hong Kong”), which had been served with the writ
              at that time, applied for a stay of the legal proceedings. The hearing of the stay application took place on 11 and 12 June 2008 and the
              judgement in respect of the stay application was handed down on 27 June 2008. The stay application was turned down and an order was
              issued, of which the legal cost for the application of stay by the Plaintiffs is to be borne by the Company and BYD Hong Kong. The legal
              cost, if not agreed, will be determined by the Court. On 2 September 2009, the above-mentioned Plaintiffs made an amendment to the
              writ with the Court for inclusion of Foxconn Precision Component (Beijing) Co., Ltd. as a plaintiff.

              On 2 October 2009 the Defendants instituted a counter-action against Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd., Foxconn International Holdings
              Limited, Shenzhen Futaihong Precision Industry Co., Ltd. and Hongfujin Precision Industry (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. for their intervention,
              by means of illegal measures, in the operations involving the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, collusions, written and verbal
              defamation, and the economic loss as a result of the said activities, and made requests in respect of the action as follows: The Company
              requested the Court to issue an injunction banning Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd. and Foxconn International Holdings Limited from
              spreading, releasing and procuring the release of statements against the Company or any similar wording to discredit the Company.
              Requests were also made to order Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd. to compensate for the damage (including aggravated damages
              and punitive damages) arising from its written and oral defamation, to order Foxconn International Holdings Limited to compensate for the
              damage (including aggravated damages and punitive damages) arising from its written defamation, and to order Hon Hai Precision Industry
              Co., Ltd., Foxconn International Holdings Limited, Shenzhen Futaihong Precision Industry Co., Ltd. and Hongfujin Precision Industry
              (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. to compensate for the losses due to unlawful interference with the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries,
              and the loss, interest, costs and other relief caused by their collusion.

              On 21 January 2010, the Plaintiffs applied to the court rejecting the contents of some paragraphs in the defendant’s counterclaim. On
              24 August 2010, the court made a judgement dismissing the application for elimination. On 28 September 2010, the Plaintiffs appealed
              against the aforesaid judgement. On 31 December 2010, the Court granted leave for the appeal application. In response to the appeal
              application, the court held hearings on 16 September 2011 and 24 May 2012. On 20 June 2012, the court handed down the judgement
              to dismiss the appeal relating to the elimination request from the plaintiff.

              On 30 January 2012, the Plaintiffs filed an application to the Hong Kong High Court requesting it to send a letter of request to the
              Shenzhen Intermediate People’s Court for copying information in the mobile hard drive maintained in the Shenzhen Intermediate People’s
              Court. On 13 April 2012, the Defendants made a reply to the application, requesting that apart from the Shenzhen Intermediate People’s
              Court, the letter of request should also be sent to the Supreme People’s Court of the PRC, the Shenzhen Bao’an District People’s Court
              and the Shenzhen Longgang District People’s Court through which the letter of request should be passed to the Bao’an Branch of the
              Shenzhen Public Security Bureau and the Beijing Jiuzhoushichu Intellectual Property Rights Forensic Center, requesting the aforesaid
              authorities or units to assist in the transfer or disclosure of evidence materials such as computers, copies of mobile hard disks and case
              files of parties closely related to this case. On 11 October 2012, the Hong Kong High Court decided to postpone the hearing for the above
              application originally scheduled to be held on 18 October 2012 to a time to be further decided.

              On 6 June 2013, Hong Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd., Foxconn International Holdings Limited, Shenzhen Futaihong Precision Industry
              Co., Ltd. and Hongfujin Precision Industrial (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. (defendants of the counterclaim) replied to the counterclaim from the
              Defendants and argued that the alleged intervention in the operations of the Defendants and the collusions were not actionable pursuant
              to the PRC laws, and the alleged charges of written and verbal defamation were legal disclosures under Taiwanese laws, therefore, the
              counterclaim made by the Defendants against them was groundless. On 27 June 2013, the Defendants made an application to the High
              Court for raising a defence against the reply from the defendants of the counterclaim. On 6 December 2013, the Defendants submitted a
              response against the above-mentioned defence of Foxconn. On 4 July 2014 the two parties exchanged the list of evidence.

              The ultimate outcome of the litigation is not yet determinable given the preliminary stage of the legal proceedings. Accordingly,
              whether the litigation may lead to compensation obligations on the part of the Group is uncertain. Moreover, if the litigation may lead to
              compensation obligations, the amount cannot be measured reliably and no related estimated liabilities have been recorded by the Group.




                                                                                                                                                    37
                               BYD Company Limited
                               Interim Report 2015




Notes to Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015


14. Contingent liabilities (continued)

       (b) As at the end of the reporting period, contingent liabilities not provided for in the financial statements
           were as follows:

                                                                               Group                                     Company
                                                                         30 June             31 December            30 June      31 December
                                                                            2015                    2014               2015             2014
                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                      (Unaudited)                (Audited)       (Unaudited)         (Audited)


                Guarantees given to banks in
                  connection with facilities
                  granted to subsidiaries                                        –                      –        45,600,336            43,942,046


              As at 30 June 2015, the banking facilities granted to subsidiaries and BDNT subject to guarantees given to banks by the Company were
              utilised to the extent of approximately RMB12,290,139,000 (31 December 2014: RMB11,789,796,000) and RMB586,955,000 (31
              December 2014: RMB102,370,000) respectively.

       (c) The Group entered into tri-lateral finance lease cooperation contracts (“Lease Cooperation Contracts”) with certain end-user customers
              and a third-party leasing company (the “Third-party Leasing Company”). Under the joint leasing arrangement, the Group provides a
              leaseback guarantee to the Third-party Leasing Company that in the event of customer default, the Company is entitled to repossess and
              sell the subject leased new energy vehicle. At the same time, the Company will be required to compensate to the leasing company for its
              share of the outstanding lease payments due from the end-user customer, and retain any proceeds in excess of the repayments made to
              the leasing company. Management believes that the repossessed vehicles will be able to be sold for proceeds that are not significantly
              different from the outstanding lease payments due from the end-user customer. As at 30 June 2015, the Company’s maximum exposure
              to the arrangement was RMB844,643,000. The term of these leaseback guarantees is in line with the tenure of the lease contracts. For
              the six months ended 30 June 2015, there was no default of payments from end-user customers which required the Company to make
              payments.

15. Commitments
       The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                                30 June              31 December
                                                                                                                   2015                     2014
                                                                                                             (Unaudited)                 (Audited)
                                                                                                               RMB’000                  RMB’000


         Contracted but not provided for
           Land and buildings                                                                                   904,165                   696,758
           Plant and machinery                                                                                3,296,392                 3,108,465


                                                                                                              4,200,557                 3,805,223


         Authorised but not contracted for                                                                    1,506,001                 1,816,656


                                                                                                              5,706,558                 5,621,879




38
                                                                                                                 BYD Company Limited
                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2015




Notes to Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015


15. Commitments (continued)

       (a) BYD Automobile Plant II Project
              BYD Auto Company Limited (“BYD Auto”), a subsidiary of the Company, will invest in the construction of the “BYD Automobile Plant
              II Project” in the Xi’an High-Tech Zone. The investment amount of the project, which is for the production of vehicles and automobile
              components, is RMB4.46 billion.

       (b) Long-term purchase commitments for polysilicon materials
              In October 2010, Shangluo BYD entered into an irrevocable silicon supply contract (the “Supply Contract”) with Jiangxi LDK PV Silicon
              Technology Co., Ltd. (“LDKPV”) and Jiangxi LDK Solar Hi-Tech Co., Ltd. (“LDK Solar”), both of which are silicon material suppliers. The
              Supply Contract provides that during the contract term from January 2011 to December 2012, the Purchaser shall purchase 3,000 tonnes
              of polysilicon materials from the Vendor at a price of $650,000/tonne (the “Initial Purchase Price”) for a total contract value of RMB1.95
              billion. The agreed prepayment amounts was RMB97,500,000, equivalent to 5% of the consideration. The Supply Contract also provides
              that if the prevailing market price fluctuates more than 5% over the Initial Purchase Price, the parties shall negotiate about adjusting the
              purchase price by reference to the market price. The parties complied with the provisions of the contract in 2012.

              In December 2012, Shangluo BYD entered into the Supplemental Agreement I to the Supply Contract with LDKPV and LDK Solar. The
              Supplemental Agreement I provides that the three parties agree to extend the performance period under the original Supply Contract
              for a period of one year, i.e. the Supplemental Agreement I shall be valid from 1 January 2013 to 31 December 2013. It is agreed that
              the Vendor shall not be required to make deliveries should it fail to fulfil its monthly delivery obligation of 125 tonnes for the period from
              January 2011 to December 2012 by 31 December 2012. None of the parties shall pursue a claim against each other during the valid term
              of the agreement. Furthermore, defaults on overdue payment and unfulfilled deliveries by both parties are waived during the valid term.

              In February 2015, Shangluo BYD, BYD Lithium Batteries Co., Ltd. and BYD Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd. entered into the
              Supplemental Agreement II to the Supply Contract with LDKPV and LDK Solar. The Supplemental Agreement II provides that the three
              parties agree to extend the performance period under the original Supply Contract for a period of five years to 31 December 2018. It is
              agreed that the both parties guarantee not to pursue related default claims against the Vendors (for unfulfilled and unfinished delivery
              obligations) and the Purchaser (for unfinished purchases and payment obligations) under the original Supply Contract. As at 30 June 2015,
              the prepayment balance related to the Supply Contract amounted to RMB65,462,000.

       In addition, the Group’s share of the joint ventures’ own capital commitments, which are not included in the above, is as follows:

                                                                                                                     30 June                31 December
                                                                                                                        2015                       2014
                                                                                                                  (Unaudited)                   (Audited)
                                                                                                                    RMB’000                    RMB’000

         Contracted but not provided for                                                                                 80,624                   66,035
         Capital contribution payable to joint ventures                                                                  48,020                  175,800

                                                                                                                       128,644                   241,835




                                                                                                                                                        39
                                  BYD Company Limited
                                  Interim Report 2015




Notes to Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015


16. Related party transactions

       (a) In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in the interim condensed consolidated financial
           statements, the Group had the following transactions with related parties during the period:

                                                                                                                                    For the six months ended
                                                                                                                                 30 June 2015             30 June 2014
                                                                                                                                   (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000

                    Joint ventures and associates
                       Sales of products and raw materials                                                     (i)                      441,356                        340,929
                       Sales of machinery and equipment                                                       (ii)                      171,149                              –
                       Service income                                                                         (iii)                     108,238                         70,172
                       Purchase of products and raw materials                                                 (iv)                          313                         13,256
                       Rental expense                                                                         (v)                        86,754                              –
                       Purchase of products and service from
                      Northern Qinchuan                                                                       (vi)                             75                         3,941
                       Purchase of products and service from
                      Cangzhou Mingzhu                                                                        (vii)                      26,881                                 –

              Notes:

              (i)       The sales of products and raw materials to the joint ventures and associates were charged at prices mutually agreed between the Group and the joint ventures
                        and associates;

              (ii)      The sales of machinery and equipment to an associate were charged at prices mutually agreed between the Group and the associate;

              (iii)     The service income was charged at prices mutually agreed between the Group and the joint ventures and associates;

              (iv)      The purchase of products and raw materials from the joint ventures and associates were charged at prices mutually agreed between the Group and the joint
                        ventures and associates;

              (v)       The rental expense was charged at prices mutually agreed between the Group and the associate;

              (vi)      The purchase of products from Xi’an Northern Qinchuan Company Ltd. (“Northern Qinchuan”), a company of which a supervisor of the Company is the
                        chairman of the board, were charged at prices mutually agreed between the Group and the Northern Qinchuan;

              (vii)     The purchase of products from Cangzhou Mingzhu Company Ltd. (“Cangzhou Mingzhu”), a company of which an independent non-executive director of the
                        Company is the independent director of the board, were charged at prices mutually agreed between the Group and the Cangzhou Mingzhu.


       (b) Commitments with related parties:
              In 2011, the Group entered into a series of agreements (the “Agreements”) with BDNT, including a Service Agreement on Development of
              New Electronic Vehicles In China and a Framework Agreement on the Production and Distribution of New Electronic Vehicles. According to
              the Agreements, the Group will provide services to BDNT on design and development of new electric vehicles (the “Vehicles”), manufacture
              and sell the Vehicles to BDNT. The transactions occurred under the Agreements in the six months ended 30 June 2015 were detailed in
              note 16(a) to the financial statements.




40
                                                                                                BYD Company Limited
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2015




Notes to Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015


16. Related party transactions (continued)

       (c) Outstanding balances with related parties:

                                                                                                    30 June             31 December
                                                                                                       2015                    2014
                                                                                                 (Unaudited)                (Audited)
                                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000


                The amount due from joint ventures and associates:
                Shenzhen BYD Daimler New Technology Co., Ltd. (“BDNT”)                                219,816               663,956
                Tianjin BYD Automobile Company Limited (“Tianjin BYD”)                                127,175               182,919
                Nanjing Jiangnan Electric Car Rental Company Limited
                   (“Jiangnan Chuzu”)                                                                           63           65,426
                Hangzhou Xihu New Energy Auto Operation Co.,Ltd.
                   (“Hangzhou Xihu Operation”)                                                          43,185               44,866
                Shenzhen Pengcheng Electric Car Rental Company Limited
                   (“Pengcheng Chuzu”)                                                                     7,611               6,968
                Shan Mei Ling Qiu Bi Xing Industry Development Co.,Ltd.
                   (“Shan Mei Ling Qiu Bi Xing”)                                                        10,000               10,000
                Shenzhen Qianhai Green transportation Co.,Ltd.
                   (“Qianhai Green transport”)                                                                 –               1,828
                Shenzhen BYD Electric Car Investment Co. Ltd. (“BYD Electric Car”)                         6,255                 914
                Tibet Changdu Region Tianhui New Energy Technology
                   Development Co.,Ltd. (“Tibet Changdu Tianhui”)                                               15                15
                Shenzhen BYD International Financial Lease Co.,Ltd.
                   (“International Financial Lease”)                                                    90,815                     –


                                                                                                      504,935               976,892


                The amount due to joint ventures and associates:
                BDNT                                                                                  130,443                14,705
                Tianjin BYD                                                                               129                 8,713
                International Financial Lease                                                           2,197                   530


                                                                                                      132,769                23,948


              The balances are unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed terms of repayment.


                                                                                                    30 June             31 December
                                                                                                       2015                    2014
                                                                                                 (Unaudited)                (Audited)
                                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000


                The amount due to other related parties:
                Northern Qinchuan                                                                           11                    –
                Cangzhou Mingzhu                                                                        29,374               61,533


                                                                                                        29,385               61,533




                                                                                                                                   41
                               BYD Company Limited
                               Interim Report 2015




Notes to Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015


16. Related party transactions (continued)

       (d) Other transactions with related parties:
              As at 30 June 2015, the Company has guaranteed certain bank loans made to BDNT of up to RMB586,955,000 (31 December 2014:
              RMB102,370,000).

       (e) Others
              Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:


                                                                                                         For the six months ended
                                                                                                      30 June 2015             30 June 2014
                                                                                                        (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)
                                                                                                           RMB’000                  RMB’000


                Short term employee benefits                                                                 18,461                   16,155
                Pension scheme contributions                                                                    163                      111


                                                                                                             18,624                   16,266

17. Fair value of financial instruments

       The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s and the Company’s financial instruments, other than those with carrying amounts that
       reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:

       Group

                                                                       Carrying amounts                            Fair values
                                                                      30 June       31 December                30 June         31 December
                                                                         2015              2014                   2015                2014
                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000               RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                   (Unaudited)          (Audited)           (Unaudited)            (Audited)


         Financial assets
         Long-term receivable                                          405,148             315,311              405,148              315,311


                                                                       Carrying amounts                            Fair values
                                                                      30 June       31 December                30 June         31 December
                                                                         2015              2014                   2015                2014
                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000               RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                   (Unaudited)          (Audited)           (Unaudited)            (Audited)


         Financial liabilities
         Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                31,857,339           30,151,934           31,857,339          30,151,934




42
                                                                                                                 BYD Company Limited
                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2015




Notes to Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015


17. Fair value of financial instruments (continued)
       Management has assessed that the fair values of short term deposits, cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, trade and bills receivables,
       trade and bills payables, financial assets included in prepayments, deposits and other receivables, financial liabilities included in other payables,
       amounts due from/to the joint ventures and associates approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these
       instruments.

       The Group’s corporate finance team headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining the policies and procedures for the fair value
       measurement of financial instruments. The corporate finance team reports directly to the chief financial officer and the audit committee. At
       each reporting date, the corporate finance team analyses the movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs
       applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer. The valuation process and results are discussed
       with the audit committee twice a year for interim and annual financial reporting.

       The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current
       transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.

       The fair values of the interest-bearing bank and other borrowings have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates
       currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The Group’s own non-performance risk for interest-
       bearing bank and other borrowings as at 30 June 2015 was assessed to be insignificant.

18. Post balance sheet events
       On 12 February 2015, the board of directors resolved to dispose of the entire equity interest of Shenzhen BYD Electronic Components Co., Ltd..
       The Company has entered into “The strategic cooperation, asset purchase in consideration of non-public offering shares and cash framework
       agreement” with Holitech Technology Co., Ltd. (“Holitech”), an unrelated third party, to dispose of the entire equity interest of Shenzhen BYD
       Electronic Components Co., Ltd. (“Electronic Components” or “Target Company”) to Holitech. On 3 April 2015, the Company entered into “The
       strategic cooperation, asset transfer in consideration of non-public offering shares and cash agreement” with Holitech. Pursuant to the aforesaid
       agreements, the Company and Holitech negotiated the consideration for the transfer based on the appraised value of the entire equity interest
       of the Target Company in an asset report issued by an appraisal institution with qualifications in the securities business and agreed that the
       aggregate consideration for the disposal was RMB2,300,000,000, of which (i) 75% of the consideration shall be satisfied by the allotment and
       issue, credited as fully paid, of 178,941,908 consideration shares at an issue price of RMB9.64 per share to the Company by Holitech and (ii)
       the remaining 25% of the consideration shall be satisfied in cash.

       On 9 July 2015, the Listed Companies Merger and Reorganisation Approval Committee of the CSRC held its 58th work meeting in 2015 during
       which it conditionally approved the transactions, including the subscription of shares issued by Holitech and the acquisition of the 100% equity
       interests of the Target Company by way of cash payment. Currently, the Company has not yet received the official approval document from the
       CSRC for the transactions.

      On 30 June 2015, the CSRC issued the “Approval on the Public Issuance of Corporate Bonds by BYD Company Limited to Eligible Investors”
      《
      ( 關於核准比亞迪股份有限公司向合格投資者公開發行公司債券的批覆》) (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2015] No. 1461), granting the
      approval to the Company to issue corporate bonds publicly in an aggregate nominal value of not more than RMB3 billion to eligible investors.
      These Corporate Bonds would be issued in multiple tranches, with the first tranche to be issued within twelve months from the date of approval
      of the issue and the other tranches to be issued within 24 months from the date of approval of the issue. On 10 August 2015, the Company
      published an announcement on the issuance of the 2015 corporate bonds (first tranche) (hereinafter referred to as the “Bonds”). The total
      issuing amount of the Bonds was RMB1.5 billion, which are three-year unsecured fixed rate bonds. The interest of the Bonds shall be calculated
      per annum by adopting the simple interest method and the compound interest shall not be calculated. From 12 August 2015 to 14 August 2015,
      the Company issued the Bonds offline at a coupon rate of 4.10% to eligible investors. On 14 August 2015, the issuance of the Bonds had been
      completed.




                                                                                                                                                        43
                               BYD Company Limited
                               Interim Report 2015




Notes to Interim Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Six Months ended 30 June 2015


19. Interim Dividend
       The Board does not recommend the payment of interim dividend for the reporting period (For the six months ended 30 June 2014: Nil).

20. Approval of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements
       These interim condensed consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 26 August
       2015.




44
