                                 2018 Interim Report 中期報告
        Stock Code 股份代號 : 1211




BYD Company Limited 比亞迪股份有限公司                               2018 Interim Report 二零一八年中期報告
                                                                                                                              BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   1




Interim Results for the Six Months Ended 30 June 2018 (the “Period”)

    Revenue                                                                                            19.05%                      to RMB52,163 million

    Gross Profit                                                                                      -11.22%                        to RMB7,252 million

    Profit attributable to owners of the parent                                                       -72.19%                          to RMB479 million

    Earning per share                                                                                 -77.97%                                    to RMB0.13


Highlights

–       The new energy vehicle business develops rapidly, its competitiveness continues to increase, sales volume increases significantly


–       The metal components business continues to grow and global leadership continues to be strengthened


–       Accelerate the opening of supply-sale system, accelerate the pace of marketization of the supply chain, and promote industrial chain synergy and
        mutual win
2   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




    Management Discussion & Analysis
    Industry Analysis and Review

    Automobiles Business
    In the first half of 2018, frequent global trade disputes and mounting trade protectionism posed more uncertainties to the economic development
    across the globe. Against the backdrop of US-China trade frictions and domestic financial deleveraging, China’s economy maintained steady growth on
    the whole in the first half of 2018, as evidenced by a 6.8% rise in GDP. During the period, China’s economic transformation and upgrading continued
    amid intensified domestic economic restructuring.


    According to the statistics from China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, the production and sales volume of automobiles in China added up
    to 14,058,000 units and 14,066,000 units, respectively, in the first half of 2018, up by 4.2% and 5.6% year-on-year, respectively, with the growth of
    sales volume 1.8 percentage point higher than the year-on-year reading. The whole vehicle industry performed better than expected at the beginning of
    the year. In particular, new energy vehicles maintained strong development momentum, and the production and sales volume increased fast to 413,000
    units and 412,000 units, respectively, up by 94.9% and 111.5% year-on-year respectively, with market penetration rate continuing to rise.


    In the first half of 2018, the central government continued to provide powerful policy support to boost high-quality growth of the new energy vehicle
    industry. In February, four ministries issued “The Notice on the Adjustment and Improvement of Financial Subsidy Policies for the Promotion of
    Application of New Energy Vehicles” 《關於調整完善新能源汽車推廣應用財政補貼政策的通知》
                                        (                         ). The new subsidy standards effective
    from 12 June 2018 lower or cancel subsidy to new energy vehicles with low driving range and low technology level but offer higher subsidy to new
    energy vehicles with longer driving range and higher energy density. By supporting excellent and strong industry players, improvements will be achieved
    in terms of industry’s technology level and efficiency of subsidy funds, which will be favorable to the long-term healthy growth of new energy vehicle
    industry. However, the subsidies for new energy vehicles were 0.7 time the corresponding standard under the original subsidy policy during the
    transition period from 12 February 2018 to 11 June 2018, short-term profits of new energy vehicle manufacturers took a greater hit.


    From April 2018 onwards, “Parallel Administrative Measures for Average Fuel Consumption of Passenger Vehicle Enterprises and New Energy Vehicles’
    Credit Scores” 《乘用車企業平均燃料消耗量與新能源汽車積分並行管理辦法》
                   (                           ) were put into effect, pursuant to which, passenger
    vehicle enterprises will be assessed by credit scores for passenger vehicles’ average fuel consumption and credit scores for the proportion of new
    energy vehicles (in particular, new energy scores start to be required from 2019), and any enterprises recording negative credit scores need to zero
    out the negative credit scores through trading of credit score. New energy vehicle manufacturers will benefit from the trading of credit score and thus
    obtain additional profit. The “dual credit score” policy will consolidate the advantages and positions of leading manufacturers while eliminating weaker
    players in the industry through the market-driven mechanism, so as to ultimately achieve the dual effects of reducing fuel consumption of traditional
    fuel vehicles and speeding up development of new energy vehicles.


    Handset Components and Assembly Business
    According to the statistical data from IDC (an international research institution), the global smartphone shipments reached 676 million units in the
    first half of 2018, down by 2.35% year-on-year. According to the latest data released by China Academy of Telecommunication Research, handset
    shipments in China amounted to 196 million units in the first half of 2018, down by 17.8% year-on-year. In particular, smartphone shipments were 185
    million units, down by 17.8% year-on-year and accounted for 94.6% of domestic handset shipments over the same period. The smartphone market
    became more saturated.


    In face of slowing handset market demand across the globe and increasingly fierce industry competition as well as rising requirement of consumers
    for product quality, domestic and foreign handset brand manufacturers have become more focused on the product appearance design and material
    selection to achieve differentiation, in order to enhance their own market competitiveness. During the period, thinner, lighter and large-screen
    smartphones continued to lead the development trend of smartphone industry. Handsets with glass casings and metal middle frames have become the
    mainstream design of high-end handset market, with the penetration rate continuing to rise, and the market saw increasingly robust demand, providing
    more development opportunities for experienced handset component suppliers with comprehensive technology.
                                                                                                                            BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   3




                                    Management Discussion & Analysis
Rechargeable Batteries and Photovoltaic Business
Regarding traditional batteries, the sales of global consumer electronics declined during the period, and thus the market demand for their upstream
components lithium batteries and nickel batteries remained relatively sluggish. As for the photovoltaic industry, the global photovoltaic market saw
slowing demand. China’s new installed photovoltaic capacity remained virtually unchanged as compared with the same period last year. In China,
despite continuous expansion of photovoltaic capacity, photovoltaic enterprises generally faced greater operating pressure under the impact of multiple
factors including slowing demand and adjustment of feed-in tariff as well as the new photovoltaic policy issued by China on 31 May 2018.


Business Review

BYD Company Limited (“BYD” or the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) are principally engaged in the automobiles
business including the production and sales of new energy vehicles and traditional fuel vehicles, the handset components and assembly business, the
rechargeable batteries and photovoltaic business while actively expanding its urban rail transportation business. In the first half of 2018, the Group’s
revenue achieved approximately RMB52,163 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 19.05%, among which, revenue generated by the
business of automobiles and related products amounted to approximately RMB28,026 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.93 %. The
revenue from the handset components and assembly business amounted to approximately RMB19,976 million, representing a year-on-year increase
of 11.21%. The revenue from the rechargeable batteries and photovoltaic business was approximately RMB4,161 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of 21.62%. The three business segments accounted for 53.73 %, 38.29 % and 7.98 % of the Group’s total revenue, respectively. During
the period, the revenue of the new energy automobile business achieved approximately RMB18,173 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
16.64%.


Automobiles Business
Against the backdrop of robust development of new energy automobile market, BYD actively seized the industry opportunities and continued investing
in research and development, upgrading technology and expanding production capacity to promote long-term healthy development of new energy
vehicle business and maintain its leading position in the new energy vehicle industry. In the first half of 2018, the Group’s sales volume of new energy
vehicles increased by 121.06% year on year to approximately 75,800 units albeit the effect of reduction in new energy vehicles subsidies, attaining
another No. 1 ranking in the world. In particular, Qin DM and Song DM won a sustained championship and runner-up position in plug-in hybrid vehicles
market in China in terms of sales and the sales volume of e5 ranked first in the market of A-class pure electric passenger vehicles. According to the
data from China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, BYD recorded a market share of about 18.3% in the new energy vehicle segment and a
market share of about 20.3% in the new energy passenger vehicle segment, which further consolidated its industry leadership and enhanced its brand
influence.


With regard to new energy passenger vehicle segment, at the end of May and June of 2018, the Group launched two heavyweight SUV models – “Yuan
EV360” (pure electric version of “Yuan” Model) and a new generation of “Tang” model of plug-in hybrid electric version, both of which were widely
acclaimed and accumulated a large amount of orders. Launch of “Yuen EV360” helped accelerate the price parity between new energy vehicles and
fuel vehicles, notably propelled the sales of new energy vehicles in cities not under purchase restrictions and opened up a broader market for new
energy vehicle industry. As a high-end flagship model of new energy vehicle product line of the Group, the plug-in hybrid electric SUV model “Tang”
saw completion of upgrading at the end of June. The new generation of “Tang” features brand new Dragon Face appearance design, a stronger power
system and intelligent configurations. Its excellent performance and appearance were widely praised. As a masterpiece on which the Group has spent
great efforts and financial resources for R&D, the new generation of “Tang” fully demonstrates BYD’s technical strength and quality advantages and
continues to lead the industry trend.
4   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




    Management Discussion & Analysis
    In the field of pure electric buses, the Group still achieved fast growth given reduction in new energy vehicles subsidies. Up to now, BYD’s pure
    electric public transportation products have been put into operation in numerous cities across the country including Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Tianjin,
    Dalian, Changsha, Wuhan, Xi’an, Nanjing, Hangzhou and Shantou. The overall operation was in good condition and a good brand reputation has been
    established. In overseas markets, the Group continued to rapidly expand the “Electrification of Public Transportation” program. During the period, the
    Group successively received orders from all over the world including Portugal, Spain, South Korea, India, the Philippines, Chile and Norway. Apart from
    direct sales, the Company also actively tried multiple promotion ways and established joint ventures in San Francisco, the US to provide electric bus
    leasing services for cities, schools and enterprises in the US, so as to promote application of electric buses in more markets and lead the global trend
    of electrification of urban public transportation with China’s traffic wisdom.


    In the first half of 2018, the Group took the lead in gaining massive orders for pure electric dump trucks in the world under the “7+4” strategic
    planning. In May, a deal of the world’s first batch of 500 BYD pure electric dump trucks was signed in Pingshan, Shenzhen, and will be put into
    operation successively. Meanwhile, the Group, together with several other companies, built the showcase project of the first batch of 14-dump truck
    charging stations in Shenzhen, to meet the charging demand of 500 dump trucks and effectively break the bottleneck of urban construction and
    logistics industry and urban development, which promoted the electrification of dump trucks in Shenzhen and the development of global new energy
    vehicle industry.


    While strengthening its foothold in the new energy vehicle market, the Group also continued to promote the development of traditional fuel vehicle
    business. During the Period, the Group sold approximately 138,700 traditional fuel vehicles, representing an increase of 10.73%. During the Period,
    “Song Max” continued to be well-received by the market with an average monthly sales volume of over 10,000 units, remaining to be one of the best-
    selling MPVs in the Chinese market. The Group continued to improve its product layout and launched the new generation of “Tang” vehicles in both
    fuel-powered and plug-in hybrid electric versions at the end of June. The fuel-powered “Tang” vehicles shared design and platform with plug-in hybrid
    electric vehicles and were equipped with Di Link intelligent network system featuring Di Pad, Di Cloud, Di Ecology and Di Open, expecting to be a new
    driving force of the Group’s fuel vehicle business.


    After adjustment of operation strategy since 2017, the Group speeded up the opening of the supply and distribution system and the pace of supply
    chain marketization. In terms of car seat business, the Group has entered into a strategic cooperation with Faurecia Group, one of the world’s top three
    auto parts technology companies. A joint venture was set up to outsource the Group’s seat business, so as to give full play to the technological and
    platform advantages of both parties and increase the competitiveness of the Group’s seat business. Outsourcing of its seat business was an important
    step of the marketization of the Group’s auto parts business. It not only helped to control costs and improve quality, but also enabled the Group to
    further focus resources on its core businesses and promote faster development of its automotive business.


    In terms of external strategic cooperation, the Group has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Chongqing Chang’an Automobile Company
    Limited, according to which the two parties will jointly establish a joint venture of power battery of new energy vehicles to meet the future demands
    of Chang’an Automobile related to power battery. Leveraging their advantageous resources in the fields of traditional automobiles, new energy
    automobiles, smart internet, car-sharing, overseas market, etc. the two parties will also enter into all-round deep cooperation in the fields of automobile
    electrification and intellectualization, car-sharing, etc. This strategic cooperation marked the first step of the Group’s supply of power batteries as well
    as a critical headway in the course of opening up the supply and distribution system. It was of great strategic significance to the power battery business
    and the long-term development of the Group. At the same time, the Group will also actively seek cooperation opportunities with other internationally
    renowned auto manufacturers to explore the global market.


    Concerning the urban rail transportation segment, “Skyrail”, as one of the low-cost solutions to urban rail transportation, boasts great market demand.
    Since the launch of straddle monorail “Skyrail” in 2016, the Group has successively received orders from numerous cities in domestic and overseas
    markets. The first commercially operated Skyrail line was also opened to traffic in September 2017 in Yinchuan. In the future, the commencement of
    more projects in domestic and overseas markets is expected to bring new growth potential for the Group.
                                                                                                                                 BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   5




                                     Management Discussion & Analysis
Handset Components and Assembly Business
As the leading global provider of intelligent product solutions, BYD provides complete product design, component manufacturing and complete product
assembly services for both domestic and overseas handset manufacturers as well as other mobile intelligent terminal manufacturers through its
vertically integrated “one-stop” operating model. The revenue from the handset components and assembly business of the Group in the first half of
2018 amounted to approximately RMB19,976 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 11.21 %.


During the Period, the penetration of metal parts in the mobile intelligent terminal market continued to increase. Leveraging on its long-time experience,
leading technology and good quality accumulated in the field of metal parts, the Group continued to receive orders for high-end flagship handset
models from global smartphone brand manufacturers, boosting the continuous growth of the Group’s metal parts business. Due to stagnant demand of
end market, gross profit margin from metal parts business slipped during the Period.


In respect of the application of new materials, diversified demands of consumers have driven the rapid development of glass casing sector. Glass
casings with metal middle frames have gradually become the mainstream configuration of mid-to-high end smartphones with rapidly increasing
market penetration rate. In response to the increasing demand for glass casings, the Group took the opportunity to step up investment in research &
development and expanded the capacity of glass casing production, aiming at fostering a new revenue and profit driver for the handset component
business. During the Period, the Group received many glass casing orders for flagship handset models from world leading smartphone brand
manufacturers, promoting the relatively fast growth in the Group’s handset component business.


Rechargeable Batteries and Photovoltaic Business
BYD’s rechargeable batteries mainly include lithium-ion batteries and nickel batteries, which are widely used in various consumer electronics and
new type of smart products. During the Period, the Group’s rechargeable batteries business achieved well sales growth, strengthening our industry
position continuously. The Group also actively developed energy storage battery and solar cell products for applications in storage power stations and
photovoltaic power plants. In the first half of 2018, against the impact of the demand on global photovoltaic market slowed down and domestic new
photovoltaic policies, the Group’s photovoltaic business still achieved good sales results, and the loss has been greatly reduced.


Prospect and Strategy

In the second half of 2018, there will be certain slowdown risks to the global economic growth against the backdrop of intensifying trade frictions
among global major economies. Domestically, macro policies will be slightly adjusted, and the stabilizing leverage levels and more active financial
policies will lend support to macro economy. It is expected that China’s economy will maintain a rapid growth, industrial structure will be optimized
constantly and strategic emerging industries including new energy vehicle will have a larger room for growth.


Automobiles Business
As the leader and practitioner of new energy vehicle industry, BYD will continue to seize the historic opportunities arising from the rapid development of
global new energy vehicle industry, and further strengthen technical innovation, expand production capacity, integrate quality resources, develop on the
basis of opening-up and integration, enhance product competitiveness and accelerate the research and development for and launch of new models, so
as to satisfy the fast-growing market demand and promote the all-round upgrading of new energy vehicle industry.


In respect of policies, new subsidy standards have been implemented for new energy vehicles sold in China after 12 June 2018, according to which,
new energy vehicles will receive different subsidies based on their driving range and technical performance and those with long driving range and high
technical performance will get higher subsidies. With the implementation of the new subsidy policies, the new energy vehicle industry will usher in a
healthy development with the fittest surviving. With outstanding automobile performance and technical advantages, the majority of BYD’s new energy
vehicle models will get the highest subsidy. It is expected that the profitability of new energy vehicles will be significantly improved in the second half of
the year.
6   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




    Management Discussion & Analysis
    In the field of new energy vehicle business, we expect the rapid growth momentum in the first half of the year to continue in the second half. Driven by
    new models, the Group will also achieve rapid growth in sales and continuous improvement of brand influence. On the easing of capacity bottlenecks,
    the sales of the new generation of “Tang” and “Yuan EV360” launched in first half of the year will keep rising, which is expected to contribute
    considerable sales to the Group. In addition, more models will be launched in the second half of the year, including the plug-in hybrid version, pure
    electric version and fuel version of the new generation of “Qin” model – “Qin Pro”, pure electric version of the new generation of “Tang” model, and
    new energy version of the best-selling “Song MAX” model. With the launch of new models, the Group’s new-energy vehicle product line will be fully
    upgraded, and its automobiles business will usher in a new growth cycle.


    In the field of public transportation, leveraging on its established reputation and influence in the domestic and overseas markets, BYD will further
    promote the electrification of urban public transportation at home and abroad and actively increase its penetration in the global market. Meanwhile, the
    Group will forge ahead with the promotion of low-carbon and green Skyrail products to resolve the increasingly serious traffic problems in the cities
    and provide a comprehensive solution to solve problems ranging from air pollution to traffic congestion to boost the development of intelligent transport
    system in the cities.


    In the field of traditional fuel vehicles, the Group will continue to enhance the market share and brand image of the traditional fuel vehicle business and
    promote rapid business growth through its ever-increasing quality and outstanding performance. In addition, the Group will focus more on the brand
    new appearance design and platformization of product research and development to realize effective cost control while substantially enhancing the
    quality and aesthetic appearance of the vehicle models, so as to provide consumers with well-designed and high-quality automobile products, thus to
    build positive word-of-mouth to achieve the synchronous improvement of quality and quantity of traditional fuel vehicle business.


    In respect of business strategy, the Group will continue to explore an open supply system, accelerate the process of marketization of automobile supply
    chain, continue to seek multi cooperation in the field of power battery and new energy vehicles, and actively promote opening-up and integration, so
    that the Group can focus more on its core business and achieve long-term sustainable development of automobiles business.


    Handset Components and Assembly Business
    As the leading global provider of intelligent product solutions, the Group will continue to push forward the development of metal parts business and
    strive for more metal parts orders. In respect of application of new materials, in the face of increasing penetration rate of glass casings and fast-
    growing demand, the Group will further expand the production capacity of glass casings and enhance product yield based on the existing planning for
    the glass sector, so as to attract more orders from customers and increase the revenue and profitability of the glass casing business. With the gradual
    release of production capacity and placement of orders, it is expected that the glass business in the second half of 2018 will achieve significant
    revenue growth.


    At the same time, the Group will continue to acquire new customers at home and abroad, establish a more diversified customer base and increase
    market share to achieve continuous growth of relevant business. In addition, the Group will continue to actively expand automotive intelligent systems,
    IOT, robots, AI and new intelligent products businesses, so as to cultivate new driving forces for its long-term sustainable growth.


    Rechargeable Batteries and Photovoltaic Business
    For the rechargeable batteries business, the Group will continue to expand the range of applications of lithium-ion batteries and nickel batteries in order
    to consolidate its leading market position. In the photovoltaic business, since the state issued new photovoltaic policies on 31 May this year, which
    expedited the phase-out of subsidies for photovoltaic power generation and led to a sharp decline in market demand, China’s photovoltaic industry
    has entered the “bitter-cold winter period”. It is expected that market will become more competitive in the second half of the year. Therefore, BYD will
    actively explore overseas markets and strive to expand overseas sales and increase capacity utilization to alleviate the impact of the new photovoltaic
    policies.
                                                                                                                         BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   7




                                  Management Discussion & Analysis
Estimated Operating Results from January to September 2018

 Change of net profit attributable to owners of the parent from January to September 2018          -54.15%               to                 -39.82%

 Change (in range) of net profit attributable to owners of the parent (RMB10,000) from January
                                                                                                    128,000              to                 168,000
 to September 2018

 Net profit attributable to owners of the parent (RMB10,000) from January to September 2017                          279,144


 Reasons for changes in results         With the implementation of new subsidy policies on 12 June, it is anticipated that new energy vehicles
                                        industry will maintain good momentum in the third quarter. Two new vehicle models, “Yuan EV360” and
                                        a new generation of “Tang” model, both of which were launched by the Group at the end of May and the
                                        end of June, won a large number of orders. It is expected that these new vehicle models will be delivered
                                        consecutively and bring significant contribution on sales volume in the third quarter, leading to a robust
                                        growth in sales volume of new energy vehicles and remarkable improvement in profitability. In the field of
                                        traditional fuel vehicles business, it is expected that, under the impact of macro economy, the growth rate
                                        of demand in the overall automobile market will slow down. However, the Group’s “Song Max” is expected
                                        to remain hot with its comprehensive competitive advantages, driving the sales volume and revenue of
                                        the Group’s traditional fuel vehicles to achieve a significant growth compared with the same period of last
                                        year. In the field of handset components and assembly business, the Group continues to collaborate closely
                                        with leading global brand manufacturers, constantly receiving orders for high-end flagship handset models
                                        and boosting this business segment to achieve sound development in the third quarter. In the field of solar
                                        energy business, influenced by policy changes and market demand, it is expected that the solar energy
                                        business will still suffer some losses in the third quarter, but it will achieve some improvement compared
                                        with the same period of last year.
8   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




    Management Discussion & Analysis
    Financial Review

    Revenue and Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent
    During the Period, revenue increased by 19.05% as compared to that of the first half of 2017, which is mainly due to the increase of automotive
    business. Profit attributable to owners of the parent decreased by 72.19% as compared to the same period last year, mainly due to the impact of falling
    subsidies and increase in finance costs.


    Segment Information
    The chart below sets out comparisons of the Group’s revenue by product category for the six months ended 30 June 2018 and 2017:

                                                         8%                                                   8%
                                              Rechargeable batteries and                           Rechargeable batteries and
                                                     photovoltaic                                         photovoltaic


                                                                                           41%
                                                                                   Handset components
                                                                                   and assembly service
                                     38%                                                                                        51%
                            Handset components
                                                                  2018                                                2017      Automobiles
                            and assembly service                           54%                                                  and related products
                                                                           Automobiles
                                                                           and related products



                                                          1H 2018                                             1H 2017




    During the Period, the proportion of automobiles and related products increased due to the impact of increase in sales of the automobiles, and the
    proportion of handset components and assembly business decreased while that of rechargeable batteries and photovoltaic business basically remained
    unchanged.


    Gross Profit and Margin
    During the Period, the Group’s gross profit decreased by approximately 11.22% to approximately RMB7,252 million. Gross profit margin decreased
    from approximately 18.64% in the first half of 2017 to approximately 13.90% during the Period. The decrease in gross profit margin was attributable to
    the decrease in the profits from automobile businesses.
                                                                                                                              BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   9




                                    Management Discussion & Analysis
Liquidity and Financial Resources
During the Period, the Group recorded an operating cash outflow of approximately RMB1,607 million, compared with an operating cash outflow of
approximately RMB3,470 million in the first half of last year. The decrease in the cash outflow of the Group recorded during the Period was mainly due
to the increases in cash received from the sales of goods and the provision of services. Total borrowings as at 30 June 2018, including all bank loans,
bond payables and other secured loans, were approximately RMB68,875 million, compared with approximately RMB56,511 million as at 31 December
2017. The maturity profile of bank loans, bond payables and other secured loans spread over a period of twelve years, with approximately RMB58,109
million repayable within one year and approximately RMB3,342 million repayable in the second year, approximately RMB7,321 million repayable
within the third to the fifth years and approximately RMB103 million over five years. The Group maintained adequate cash to meet its daily liquidity
management and capital expenditure requirements and controlled its internal operating cash flows.


Turnover days of receivables (including trade and bills receivables, due from joint ventures and associates, due from related parties) were approximately
216 days for the six months ended 30 June 2018, compared to approximately 208 days for the same period in 2017, which basically showed no
changes. Inventory turnover days were approximately 92 days for the six months ended 30 June 2018, compared to approximately 93 days for the
same period in 2017, which basically showed no changes.


The authorization to the Board to determine the proposed plan for the issuance of debt financing instrument(s) was considered and passed at the
2016 Annual General Meeting of BYD Company Limited (the “Company”) held on 6 June 2017. In September 2017, the National Association of
Financial Market Institutional Investors (中國銀行間市場交易商協會) issued a notice of acceptance of registration (Zhong Shi Xie Zhu [2017]
No. SCP301) that the registration of issuance of Super Short-term Debentures with a registered amount of RMB10 billion by the Company has been
accepted. The 2018 First Tranche Super Short-term Debentures (Short Name“18BYDSCP001”) were issued by the Company on 8 March 2018, with
an aggregate amount of RMB2.0 billion and an interest rates of interest at 5.29%,valid within 270 days. The 2018 Second Tranche Super Short-term
Debentures(Short Name“18BYDSCP002”) were issued by the Company on 13 June 2018, with an aggregate amount of RMB2.0 billion and an interest
rates of interest at 5.80%,valid within 270 days.


On 12 October 2017, the Company received the Approval of the Public Offering of Corporate Bonds by BYD Company Limited to Qualified Investors
(ZJXK [2017] No.1807) 《     ( 關於核准比亞迪股份有限公司向合格投資者公開發行公司債券的批復》(證監許可[2017] 1807號)) from
China Securities Regulatory Commission, pursuant to which the public offering of corporate bonds with a par value of not exceeding RMB10.0 billion by
the Company to qualified investors has been approved. As at 12 April 2018, the Company commenced the issuance of 2018 corporate bonds (the first
tranche) with an aggregate amount of RMB3.0 billion and a fixed rate of interest at 5.17%. The interest payment shall be made once every year, and
the principal will be repaid on one-off basis upon maturity. The bonds are repayable in five years. The bonds were listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange
on 4 June 2018. Investors are entitled to resell parts or all of the bonds they hold to the issuers on the third interest payment date, i.e. the end of the
third year, 4 June 2021, at principal amount, alternatively, or give up sell-back options and continue to hold the bonds.

Capital Structure
The Group’s Financial Division is responsible for the Group’s financial risk management which operates according to policies implemented and
approved by the senior management. As at 30 June 2018, borrowings were primarily settled in Renminbi, while cash and cash equivalents were
primarily held in Renminbi and US dollars. The Group plans to maintain an appropriate mix of share capital and debt to ensure an efficient capital
structure during the Period. As at 30 June 2018, the Group’s outstanding loans included Renminbi loans and foreign currency loans and approximately
75% (31 December 2017: 68%) of such outstanding loans were at fixed interest rates, with the remaining at floating interest rates.


The Group monitors its capital by using gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by equity. The Group’s policy is to maintain the gearing ratio as low as
possible. Net debt includes interest-bearing bank and other borrowings less cash and cash equivalents. Equity represents equity attributable to owners
of the parent. Therefore, the gearing ratios of the Group was 117% and 93% as at 30 June 2018 and 31 December 2017, respectively.


As at 30 June 2018, land and buildings with carrying amount value of RMB195,653 thousand (31 December 2017: RMB73,807 thousand) and
projects under construction of RMB4,583 thousand (31 December 2017: RMB9,120 thousand) have been pledged as securities for the long term loans
of RMB150,551 thousand (31 December 2017: RMB57,156 thousand) granted to the Group, of which RMB17,337 thousand (31 December 2017:
RMB40,469 thousand) was long term loans due within a year.
10   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Management Discussion & Analysis
     Foreign Exchange Risk
     Most of the Group’s income and expenditure are settled in Renminbi and US dollars. During the Period, the Group did not experience any significant
     difficulties in or impacts on its operations or liquidity due to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. The Directors believe that the Group has sufficient
     foreign exchange to meet its own foreign exchange requirements and will adopt practical and effective measures to prevent exposure to exchange rate
     risk.


     Employment, Training and Development
     As at 30 June 2018, the Group had employed approximately 222,000 employees. During the Period, total staff cost accounted for approximately
     19.15% of the Group’s revenue. Employees’ remuneration was determined based on performance, qualification and prevailing industry practices,
     with compensation policies being reviewed on a regular basis. Bonuses and commissions may also be awarded to employees based on their annual
     performance appraisal. Incentives were offered to encourage personal development.


     Share Capital
     As at 30 June 2018, the share capital of the Company was as follows:


                                                                                                                   Number of shares
                                                                                                                               issued         Percentage (%)
      A shares                                                                                                         1,813,142,855                     66.46
      H shares                                                                                                           915,000,000                     33.54
      Total                                                                                                            2,728,142,855                    100.00


     Capital Commitments

     Please refer to note 17 to the financial statements for details of capital commitments.


     Contingent Liabilities

     Please refer to note 16 to the financial statements for details of contingent liabilities.


     Events after the Reporting Period

     Please refer to note 20 to the financial statements for details of events after the Reporting Period.
                                                                                                                            BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   11




                                                               Supplementary Information
Corporate Governance

Compliance with Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”)
The Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) is committed to maintaining and ensuring high standards of corporate governance practices.


The Board has emphasized on maintaining a quality Board with various expertise among directors, high transparency and an effective system for
accountability, in order to enhance shareholders’ value. The Board is of the view that the Company has complied with the applicable code provisions of
the Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules during the Period except for the following deviation:


Code A.2.1
Code A.2.1 stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual.


Mr. Wang Chuan-fu is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Board considers that this structure will not impair the balance
of rights and authorities between the Board and the management. The Board of the Company comprises experienced and high calibre individuals
and meets regularly every three months to discuss issues affecting operations of the Group. Through the operation of the Board, a sufficient balance
between rights and authorities is assured. The Board believes that this structure is conducive to a strong and consistent leadership, enabling the Group
to make and implement decisions promptly and efficiently. The Board has full confidence in Mr. Wang and believes his appointment to the posts of
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is beneficial to the business development of the Company.


Code A.6.7
Code provision A.6.7 stipulates that independent non-executive Directors and non-executive Directors should attend general meetings. Due to other
official duties, not all independent non-executive Directors and non-executive directors attended the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders on 9
May 2018 and the annual general meeting of the Company held on 20 June 2018.


Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules (the
“Model Code”) as the code of conduct regarding directors’ securities transactions. After making specific enquiries to all directors, all directors have
confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code during the Period.
12   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Supplementary Information
     Disclosure Pursuant to Rule 13.51B (1) of the Listing Rules
     Since the publication of the latest annual report of the Company, Mr. Lv Xiang-yang was appointed as a non-independent director of Anhui Lucky Health
     Technology Co., Ltd. (安徽樂金健康科技股份有限公司, stock code: 300247) on 7 August 2018, which was listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange;
     Ms. Zhang Ran was appointed as an independent non-executive director of Beijing New Universal Science Technology Co., Ltd. (北京萬向新元科
     技股份有限公司, stock code: 300472) on 10 May 2018, which was listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange, and was concurrently appointed as an
     independent non-executive director of United Electronics Co., Ltd. (北京榮之聯科技股份有限公司, stock code: 002642) on 19 July 2018, which
     was listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange.


     Saved as disclosed above, there is no other information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B (1) of the Listing Rules.


     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
     During the six months ended 30 June 2018, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any listed securities of the
     Company.


     The Board’s Diversity Policy
     The Board has adopted the Diversity Policy, which sets out the approach to diversity of Board members. In determining the Board composition, the
     Company considers a range of diversity elements, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and education background, professional experience,
     skills and knowledge. All appointments of the Board will be made based on merit and objective criteria while taking into full account of the benefits of
     Board’s diversity.


     Audit Committee
     The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-executive directors and one non-executive director. A meeting was convened by the Company’s
     Audit Committee on 29 August 2018 to review the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Group and to discuss matters of auditing,
     internal control, risk management and financial reporting (including the financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2018) before making
     recommendations to the Board for approval of the relevant matters.


     The Audit Committee has reviewed the results of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2018.


     Interim Dividend
     The Board did not recommend the payment of interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2018 (For the six months ended 30 June 2017: Nil).
                                                                                                                                         BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   13




                                                                      Supplementary Information
Directors’, Supervisors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests

As at 30 June 2018, the interests and short positions of each of the directors, supervisors and chief executives of the Company in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”)) which were required to be notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited (“Hong Kong Stock Exchange”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests which were taken or deemed to be
owned under the relevant provisions of the SFO), or which were required to be recorded in the register specified in section 352 of the SFO, or which
were required to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code of Securities Transactions by Directors
of Listed Issuers under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (for this purpose, the relevant provisions of the
SFO will be interpreted as applicable to the supervisors) were as follows:


A Shares of RMB1.00 each

                                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                                                            percentage of                Approximate
                                                                                                                          shareholding in               percentage of
                                                                                                                        the total number             shareholding in
                                                                                                                                   of issued         the total issued
Name                                                                                         Number of A shares              A shares (%)          share capital (%)


Wang Chuan-fu (Director)                                                                          512,623,820 (L)                   28.27%                       18.79%
                                                                                                           (Note 1)
Lv Xiang-yang (Director)                                                                          401,910,480 (L)                   22.17%                       14.73%
                                                                                                           (Note 2)
Xia Zuo-quan (Director)                                                                           108,124,000 (L)                    5.96%                         3.96%


(L) – Long Position


Notes:


1.       The 512,623,820 A shares does not comprise the 3,727,700 A shares held by Mr. Wang through E Fund Asset BYD Zengchi No.1 Assets Management Plan.


2.       Of the 401,910,480 A shares, 239,228,620 A shares were held by Mr. Lv in his personal capacity and 162,681,860 A shares were held by Youngy Investment
         Holding Group Co., Ltd. (融捷投資控股集團有限公司) (“Youngy Investment”). Youngy Investment was in turn held by Mr. Lv and his spouse as to 89.5% and
         10.5% of shares, respectively. Mr. Lv was therefore deemed to be interested in such 162,681,860 A shares under the SFO.
14   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Supplementary Information
     H Shares of RMB1.00 each

                                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                                                             percentage of            Approximate
                                                                                                                           shareholding in           percentage of
                                                                                                                          the total number         shareholding in
                                                                                                                                   of issued       the total issued
     Name                                                                                     Number of H shares              H shares (%)       share capital (%)


     Wang Chuan-fu (Director)                                                                          1,000,000 (L)                  0.11%                  0.04%
     Xia Zuo-quan (Director)                                                                             500,000 (L)                  0.05%                  0.02%
                                                                                                             (Note 1)


     (L) – Long Position


     Note:


     1.      Of the 500,000 H shares, 195,000 H shares were held by Mr. Xia as a beneficial owner and 305,000 H shares were held by Sign Investments Limited, which was
             wholly-owned by Mr. Xia.


     Saved as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2018, none of the directors, supervisors or chief executives of the Company had an interest or short position
     in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which
     was required to be (a) recorded in the register to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (b) notified to the Company and the
     Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers.
                                                                                                                                      BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   15




                                                                    Supplementary Information
Shareholders with Notifiable Interests

As at 30 June 2018, to the best knowledge of the Directors of the Company, the following persons (other than the directors, supervisors and chief
executives of the Company) had interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company which were required to be disclosed to
the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or entered in the register kept by the
Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:


1.    A Shares of RMB1.00 each

                                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                                         percentage of                Approximate
                                                                                                                       shareholding in               percentage of
                                                                                                                      the total number            shareholding in
                                                                                                                               of issued          the total issued
      Name                                                                                Number of A shares               A shares (%)         share capital (%)


      Youngy Investment (Note 1)                                                               162,681,860 (L)                    8.97%                         5.96%


      (L) – Long Position


      Note:


      1.      Youngy Investment was owned by Mr. Lv Xiang-yang, a non-executive director of the Company as to 89.5%. Mr. Lv was therefore deemed to be interested in
              the 162,681,860 A shares held by Youngy Investment under the SFO.
16   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Supplementary Information
     2.      H Shares of RMB1.00 each

                                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                                                       percentage of              Approximate
                                                                                                                                     shareholding in            percentage of
                                                                                                                                    the total number          shareholding in
                                                                                                                                             of issued        the total issued
             Name                                                                                     Number of H shares                H shares (%)         share capital (%)


             Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Note 1)                                                               225,000,000 (L)                    24.59%                     8.25%
             Berkshire Hathaway Energy (Note 1)                                                             225,000,000 (L)                    24.59%                     8.25%
             Li Lu (Note 2)                                                                                  75,387,200 (L)                     8.24%                     2.76%
             LL Group, LLC (Note 2)                                                                          75,387,200 (L)                     8.24%                     2.76%


             (L) – Long Position (S) – Short Position


             Notes:


             1.       Berkshire Hathaway Inc. was deemed to be interested in 225,000,000 H shares (L) through its controlled corporation, Berkshire Hathaway Energy (formerly
                      known as MidAmerican Energy Holdings Company) which directly held 225,000,000 H shares.


             2.       LL Group, LLC was deemed to be interested in 75,387,200 H shares (L) through its controlled corporation, Himalaya Capital Investors, L.P. (formerly known
                      as LL Investment Partners, L.P.). Li Lu, being the controlling shareholder of Capital Investors, L.P. (formerly known as LL Group, LLC), was also deemed to be
                      interested in 75,387,200 H shares (L).


             As at 30 June 2018, the total issued share capital of the Company was RMB2,728,142,855, divided into 1,813,142,855 A shares of RMB1.00
             each and 915,000,000 H shares of RMB1.00 each, all of which have been fully paid up.
                                                                                                   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   17


                                                     Interim Condensed
                                 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss                  For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018



                                                                                     For the six months ended
                                                                           Notes   30 June 2018                   30 June 2017
                                                                                    (Unaudited)                        (Unaudited)
                                                                                       RMB’000                           RMB’000


REVENUE                                                                     5        52,162,867                       43,817,020


Cost of sales                                                                       (44,910,562)                     (35,648,009)


Gross profit                                                                          7,252,305                        8,169,011


Other income and gains                                                      5         1,102,533                           440,450
Government grants and subsidies                                                        894,498                            612,080
Selling and distribution costs                                                       (2,623,968)                       (2,248,952)
Research and development costs                                                       (2,079,169)                       (1,383,490)
Administrative expenses                                                              (1,776,819)                       (1,739,524)
Other expenses                                                                         (199,781)                         (117,554)
Finance costs                                                               7        (1,455,988)                       (1,062,991)
Share of profits and losses of:
   Joint ventures                                                                       (41,332)                           (25,914)
  Associates                                                                            14,775                                6,894


PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                                           6         1,087,054                        2,650,010


Income tax expense                                                          8          (212,693)                         (484,847)


PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                                                  874,361                         2,165,163


Attributable to:
   Owners of the parent                                                                479,099                         1,722,914
   Non-controlling interests                                                           395,262                            442,249


                                                                                       874,361                         2,165,163


Earnings per share attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent
   – basic and diluted for the period                                       9          RMB0.13                           RMB0.59
18   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018



                                                                                                      For the six months ended
                                                                                                    30 June 2018           30 June 2017
                                                                                                     (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                                                                                        RMB’000                   RMB’000


       PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                                                            874,361                  2,165,163


       OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)


       Other comprehensive income to be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
       Available-for-sale investments:
           Changes in fair value                                                                               –                  333,178
           Income tax effect                                                                                   –                   (83,295)


       Expected credited loss for other debt instruments                                                  (2,530)                        –
       Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                         (45,856)                  15,619


       Other comprehensive income not to be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
       Other non-current financial assets:
           Changes in fair value                                                                        (626,947)                        –
           Income tax effect                                                                            156,737                          –


       OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME FOR THE PERIOD,NET OF TAX                                      (518,596)                 265,502


       TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD                                                        355,765                  2,430,665


       Attributable to:
           Owners of the parent                                                                          (35,730)                1,985,747
           Non-controlling interests                                                                    391,495                   444,918


                                                                                                        335,765                  2,430,665
                                                                    BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   19


                                       Interim Condensed
               Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                         As at 30 June 2018



                                                         30 June                    31 December
                                              Notes         2018                           2017
                                                      (Unaudited)                       (Audited)
                                                        RMB’000                        RMB’000


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                  10      50,060,170                      47,830,718
Investment properties                          11          70,471                          66,707
Prepaid land lease payments                             5,993,582                       5,844,857
Goodwill                                                   65,914                          65,914
Other intangible assets                                 9,192,880                       8,217,623
Non-current prepayments                                 3,814,997                       3,372,240
Long-term receivable                                    1,266,294                       1,049,938
Investments in joint ventures                           2,631,861                       2,442,867
Investments in associates                                 749,008                         622,044
Available-for-sale investments                                  –                       4,185,460
Other non-current financial assets                      3,549,405                               –
Deferred tax assets                                     1,830,538                       1,580,032


Total non-current assets                               79,225,120                      75,278,400


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                    12      24,989,060                      19,872,804
Trade and bills receivables                    13      51,472,659                      53,276,716
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables             6,321,608                       6,211,017
Due from joint ventures and associates                 11,921,500                       6,609,997
Due from related parties                                  249,092                         256,941
Completed property held for sale                        6,689,172                       6,689,770
Derivative financial instruments                                –                           1,095
Financial assets                                            1,285                               –
Pledged deposits                                          317,849                         323,249
Restricted bank deposits                                   79,448                         643,487
Cash and cash equivalents                              10,030,035                       8,935,954


Total current assets                                  112,071,708                    102,821,030
20   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     As at 30 June 2018



                                                                30 June     31 December
                                                     Notes         2018            2017
                                                             (Unaudited)        (Audited)
                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


       CURRENT LIABILITIES
       Trade and bills payables                       14      39,071,603     39,527,332
       Other payables                                         11,294,490     11,942,702
       Derivative financial instruments                                –        119,261
       Financial liabilities                                     133,324              –
       Advances from customers                                         –      4,700,280
       Contract liabilities                                    6,824,670              –
       Deferred income                                         1,492,989        512,900
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings     15      58,108,883     45,648,670
       Due to joint ventures and associates                      157,026        615,659
       Due to related parties                                    114,850        130,608
       Tax payable                                               221,029        328,013
       Provision                                               1,648,315      1,471,511


       Total current liabilities                             119,067,179    104,996,936


       NET CURRENT LIABILITIES                                (6,995,471)     (2,175,906)


       TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                  72,229,649     73,102,494


       NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings             10,765,866     10,862,346
       Deferred tax liabilities                                  409,772        610,005
       Deferred income                                         1,686,888      1,672,402
       Other liabilities                                             169            254


       Total non-current liabilities                          12,862,695     13,145,007


       Net assets                                             59,366,954     59,957,487


       EQUITY
       Equity attributable to owners of the parent
       Share capital                                           2,728,143      2,728,143
       Reserves                                               47,600,730     48,380,251
       Perpetual loans                                         3,895,800      3,895,800


                                                              54,224,673     55,004,194


       Non-controlling interests                               5,142,281      4,953,293


       Total equity                                           59,366,954     59,957,487
                                                                                                                                                                              BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   21


                                                       Interim Condensed
                              Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                                                                              For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018



                                                                                                    Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                            Share                         Statutory        Exchange                                                          Non-
                                                                         premium                           surplus        fluctuation        Retained     Perpetual                     controlling
                                                      Issued capital      account Capital reserve     reserve fund           reserve           profits         loan          Total        interests    Total equity
                                                        (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)
                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


    At 1 January 2017                                   2,728,143      19,980,490      5,602,363        3,073,373          (161,200)       16,236,960    3,795,800     51,255,929      4,153,434       55,409,363
    Profit for the period                                         –             –              –                 –                 –        1,722,914             –     1,722,914        442,249        2,165,163
    Change in fair value of available-for-sale
       investments, net of tax                                    –             –        249,883                 –                 –                –             –      249,883                 –        249,883
    Exchange differences on translation of foreign
       operations                                                 –             –              –                 –           12,950                 –             –       12,950            2,669          15,619


    Total comprehensive income for the period                     –             –        249,883                 –           12,950         1,722,914             –     1,985,747        444,918        2,430,665


    Issue of perpetual loan
    Disposal of subsidiaries
    Perpetual loan interest paid                                  –             –              –                 –                 –         (132,166)            –      (132,166)               –       (132,166)
    2016 Final dividend declared                                  –             –              –                 –                 –         (485,609)            –      (485,609)        (53,218)       (538,827)
    The government subsidies designated to increase
       the capital reserve                                        –             –          1,858                 –                 –           (1,858)            –             –                –               –


    At 30 June 2017                                     2,728,143      19,980,490*     5,854,104*       3,073,373*         (148,250)* 17,340,241*        3,795,800     52,623,901      4,545,134       57,169,035


*          These reserve amounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB46,099,958,000 in the interim condensed consolidated statement of financial position as at 30
           June 2017.
22   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018



                                                                                                       Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                Share                        Statutory       Exchange                                                         Non-
                                                                 Issued      premium         Capital           surplus      fluctuation         Retained     Perpetual                  controlling
                                                                 capital      account       reserve reserve fund               reserve            profits         loan          Total     interests   Total equity
                                                             (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)
                                                               RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


         At 31 December 2017                                  2,728,143    19,980,490     5,886,969         3,410,962         (132,894)       19,234,724     3,895,800    55,004,194     4,953,293    59,957,487
         The effect of adoption of HKFRS 9                                                   10,034           (11,796)                          (234,349)                   (236,111)                   (236,111)
         At 1 January 2018                                    2,728,143    19,980,490     5,897,003         3,399,166         (132,894)       19,000,375     3,895,800    54,768,083     4,953,293    59,721,376
         Profit for the period                                        –             –             –                  –               –           479,099             –       479,099       395,262       874,361
         Change in fair value of other non-current
            financial assets, net of tax                              –             –      (470,210)                 –               –                 –             –      (470,210)            –      (470,210)
         Expected credited loss for other debt instruments            –             –        (2,530)                 –               –                 –             –        (2,530)            –         (2,530)
         Exchange differences on translation of
            foreign operations                                        –             –             –                  –         (42,089)                –             –       (42,089)       (3,767)       (45,856)


         Total comprehensive income for the period                    –             –      (472,740)                 –         (42,089)          479,099             –       (35,730)      391,495       355,765


         Deemed disposal of a joint venture and
            an associate                                              –             –        11,631                  –               –                 –             –        11,631             –        11,631
         Perpetual loan interest paid                                 –             –             –                  –               –          (134,643)            –      (134,643)            –      (134,643)
         2017 Final dividend declared                                 –             –             –                  –               –          (384,668)            –      (384,668)     (202,507)     (587,175)
         The government subsidies designated to
            increase the capital reserve                              –             –           241                  –               –              (241)            –             –             –              –


         At 30 June 2018                                      2,728,143    19,980,490*    5,436,135*        3,399,166*        (174,983)* 18,959,922*         3,895,800    54,224,673     5,142,281    59,366,954


     *          These reserve amounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB47,600,730,000 in the interim condensed consolidated statement of financial position as at 30
                June 2018.
                                                                                                  BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   23


                                                  Interim Condensed
                               Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                       For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018



                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                        Notes              2018                  2017
                                                                                    (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                                                                      RMB’000                 RMB’000


CASH FLOWS (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                                    1,087,054                        2,650,010
Adjustments for:
   Finance costs                                                         7           1,455,988                        1,077,402
   Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates                         26,557                            19,020
   Bank interest income                                                  5             (67,379)                          (45,493)
   Government grants and subsidies                                                    (184,988)                        (119,722)
   Loss on disposal of items of non-current assets                                      22,837                            27,880
Fair value losses, net:
   Financial assets                                                                     15,981                              1,472
Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                                      (403,868)                                 –
Gain on disposal of financial product                                                  (20,149)                            (1,596)
Loss on disposal of derivative financial instruments                                     1,903                                  –
Dividend received from available-for-sale investments                                        –                           (15,047)
Depreciation                                                             6           3,656,158                        2,563,130
Amortization of investment properties                                                    1,199                                  –
Impairment of inventories                                                6             125,113                          224,080
Impairment of receivables                                                6             185,474                            55,697
Impairment losses of receivables reversed                                6             (89,901)                          (33,329)
Expected credit loss of bills receivables reversed                       6              (2,530)                                 –
Impairment of available-for-sale investments                             6                   –                              5,000
Recognition of prepaid land lease payments                                              70,059                            62,701
Amortisation of other intangible assets                                                764,428                          559,766


                                                                                     6,643,936                        7,030,971

Increase in inventories                                                             (5,249,684)                         (989,937)
Decrease/(increase) in trade and bills receivables                                   1,467,703                        (3,118,115)
Decrease/(increase) in prepayments, deposits and other receivables                     267,995                          (339,657)
(Increase)/decrease in amounts due from joint ventures and associates               (5,311,503)                          323,273
Decrease in amounts due from related parties                                             7,849                                  –
(Increase)/decrease in long term receivable                                           (216,356)                           88,732
Increase in property under development                                                       –                             (1,602)
Decrease/(Increase) in completed property held for sale                                    598                               (118)
Decrease in trade and bills payables                                                  (914,072)                       (6,043,128)
Increase in deferred income                                                            286,580                                  –
(Decrease)/increase in other payables                                                 (665,782)                          256,148
Increase in advances from customers                                                          –                            15,654
Increase in contract liabilities                                                     2,127,290                                  –
Increase in amounts due to the jointly-controlled entities                             326,059                            34,985
Decrease in amount due to the related parties                                          (15,758)                            (1,761)
Increase in provision for warranties                                                   176,804                            58,851


Cash used in operations                                                             (1,068,341)                       (2,685,704)
24   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018



                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2018                  2017
                                                                        (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000

       Interest received                                        5           67,379                  45,493
       Taxes paid                                                         (605,617)               (830,036)

       Net cash flows used in operating activities                      (1,606,579)             (3,470,247)

       CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES
       Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment              (3,310,684)             (2,928,645)
       Increase in non-current prepayments                              (3,059,723)             (2,048,259)
       Increase in prepaid land lease payments                            (225,165)               (314,740)
       Withdrawal of short-term deposits                                         –                 247,360
       Receipt of government grants                                        149,627                  35,786
       Additions to other intangible assets                             (1,688,359)             (1,409,128)
       Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and
          equipment and other intangibles assets                           182,809                  66,304
       Receipt of disposal of financial product                             20,149                   1,596
       Disposal of derivative financial instruments                         (1,903)                      –
       Disposal of associates and joint-ventures                                 –                     800
       Dividend received from associates or joint ventures                   7,607                  19,368
       Dividend received from available-for-sale investments                     –                  15,047
       Purchase of available-for-sale investments                                –                (121,355)
       Purchase of Other non-current financial assets                       (6,000)                      –
       Acquisition of subsidiary                                           (23,296)                      –
       Disposal of a subsidiary                                            127,807                       –
       Capital contributions to joint ventures                            (277,420)               (256,000)

       Net cash flows used in investing activities                      (8,104,551)             (6,691,866)

       CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
       Proceeds from issue of bonds                                      7,000,000                4,500,000
       Bond issue expense                                                  (15,642)                    (7,500)
       New bank loans                                                   30,222,700              27,369,197
       Repayment of bank loans                                         (24,883,372)            (19,261,478)
       Interest paid                                                    (1,311,690)              (1,057,781)
       Perpetual loan interests paid                                      (134,643)                (132,166)
       Dividends paid                                                      (25,060)                         –
       Increase in pledged deposits                                        (61,912)                  (45,749)

       Net cash flows from financing activities                        10,790,381               11,364,523

       NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                         1,079,251               1,202,410


       Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                  8,935,954               7,111,234
       Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                         14,830                   6,608

       CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                      10,030,035                8,320,252
                                                                                                                        BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   25


                                                  Notes to Interim Condensed
                                            Consolidated Financial Statements                                      For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


1. CORPORATE INFORMATION
   BYD Company Limited (the “Company”) is a joint stock limited liability company registered in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). The
   Company’s H shares and A shares have been listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and Shenzhen Stock Exchange since 31
   July 2002 and 30 June 2011, respectively. The registered office of the Company is located at Yan An Road, DaPeng New District, Shenzhen,
   Guangdong Province, the PRC.

   The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) are the research, development, manufacture
   and sale of rechargeable battery and photovoltaic business, automobiles and related products, handset components and other electronic
   products.

2. BASIS OF PREPARATION
   The interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2018 have been prepared in accordance with Hong
   Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

   Despite the Group’s net current liabilities of approximately RMB6,995,471,000 as at 30 June 2018, the consolidated financial statements
   have been prepared on a going concern basis as it is the directors’ opinion that the Group has sufficient cash flows and credit facilities in the
   foreseeable future to enable it to continue its operations and meet its liabilities as and when they fall due.

   The interim condensed consolidated financial statements do not include all the information and disclosures required in the annual financial
   statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2017.

3. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICY AND DISCLOSURES
   The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements are consistent with those followed
   in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2017, except for the adoption of the
   new standards effective as of 1 January 2018. The Group has not early adopted any other standard, interpretation or amendment that has been
   issued but is not yet effective.

   Several other amendments and interpretations apply for the first time in 2018, but do not have an impact on the interim condensed consolidated
   financial statements of the Group.

   HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
   HKFRS 15 supersedes HKAS 11 Construction Contracts, HKAS 18 Revenue and related Interpretations and it applies to all revenue arising from
   contracts with customers, unless those contracts are in the scope of other standards. The new standard establishes a five-step model to account
   for revenue arising from contracts with customers. Under HKFRS 15, revenue is recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration to which
   an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer.

   The standard requires entities to exercise judgement, taking into consideration all of the relevant facts and circumstances when applying each
   step of the model to contracts with their customers. The standard also specifies the accounting for the incremental costs of obtaining a contract
   and the costs directly related to fulfilling a contract.

   The Group adopted HKFRS 15 using the modified retrospective method of adoption. The Group elected to apply the practical expedient for
   completed contracts and did not restate the contracts completed before 1 January 2018, thus the comparative figures have not been restated.

   The Group’s contract assets include amounts due from customers for contract works under HKFRS 15 and the Group’s contract liabilities include
   amounts due to customers for contract works and receipts in advance under HKFRS 15.

   The application of HKFRS 15 in the current interim period had no material impact on the amounts and/or disclosures reported in these
   condensed consolidated financial statements.

   HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments
   HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments replaces HKAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement for annual periods beginning on or after
   1 January 2018, bringing together all three aspects of the accounting for financial instruments: classification and measurement; impairment; and
   hedge accounting.

   The Group has applied HKFRS 9 using the modified retrospective method of adoption. With the initial application date of 1 January 2018 and no
   restatement of comparatives and the effect disclosures will primarily relate to the 2018 opening balances.
26   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


     3. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICY AND DISCLOSURES (continued)

             HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments (continued)

             The effect of adopting HKFRS 9 is, as follows:


             Impact on the statement of financial position as at 1 January 2018:


                                                                               HKAS39                                          HKFRS9
                                                          Classification                   Carry amounts   Classification                   Carry amounts
                                                                                                RMB’000                                          RMB’000


                Trade receivables                         Loans and receivables               46,303,713   Debt instruments at                 46,150,948
                                                                                                              amortised cost


                Bills receivable                          Loans and receivables                6,973,003   Debt instruments at fair             6,973,003
                                                                                                              value though OCI


                Other receivables                         Loans and receivables                 301,567    Debt instruments at                   301,265
                                                                                                              amortised cost


                Long-term receivables                     Loans and receivables                2,339,908   Debt instruments at                  2,305,573
                                                                                                              amortised cost


                Due from joint ventures and associates    Loans and receivables                6,609,997   Debt instruments at                  6,562,161
                                                                                                              amortised cost


                Due from related parties                  Loans and receivables                 256,941    Debt instruments at                   256,068
                                                                                                              amortised cost
                Equity investment                         Available-for-sale
                                                              investments



                    Quoted equity shares                  Fair value model                     3,582,554   Financial assets at fair value       3,582,554
                                                                                                              through other
                                                                                                              comprehensive income


                    Unquoted equity shares                Cost model                            602,906    Financial assets at fair value        602,906
                                                                                                              through profit or loss


                Derivative instruments                    Financial assets at fair value           1,095   Financial assets at fair value           1,095
                                                              through profit or loss                          through profit or loss
                                                                                                                          BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   27


                                                    Notes to Interim Condensed
                                              Consolidated Financial Statements                                      For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


3. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICY AND DISCLOSURES (continued)

   HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments (continued)

   (a)   Classification and measurement


         Except for certain trade receivables, under HKFRS 9, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a
         financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs.


         Under HKFRS 9, debt financial instruments are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL), amortised cost, or fair
         value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI). The classification is based on two criteria: the Group’s business model for managing
         the assets; and whether the instruments’ contractual cash flows represent ‘solely payments of principal and interest’ on the principal
         amount outstanding (the “SPPI criterion”).


         The new classification and measurement of the Group’s debt financial assets are, as follows:


         •     Debt instruments at amortised cost for financial assets that are held within a business model with the objective to hold the financial
               assets in order to collect contractual cash flows that meet the SPPI criterion. This category includes the Group’s trade receivables,
               other receivables, long-term receivables, due from joint ventures and associates, and due from related parties.


         •     Debt instruments at FVOCI, with gains or losses recycled to profit or loss on derecognition. Financial assets in this category are the
               Group’s bills receivables that meet the SPPI criterion and are held within a business model both to collect cash flows and to sell. This
               category includes the Group’s bills receivables.


         •     Equity instruments at FVOCI, with no recycling of gains or losses to profit or loss on derecognition. This category only includes equity
               instruments, which the Group intends to hold for the foreseeable future and which the Group has irrevocably elected to so classify
               upon initial recognition or transition. The Group classified one of its quoted equity instruments as equity instruments at FVOCI. Equity
               instruments at FVOCI are not subject to an impairment assessment under HKFRS 9. Under HKAS 39, the Group’s quoted equity
               instruments were classified as available-for-sale investments.


         •     Financial assets at FVPL comprise derivative instruments and quoted and unquoted equity instruments which the Group had not
               irrevocably elected, at initial recognition or transition, to classify at FVOCI. This category would also include debt instruments
               whose cash flow characteristics fail the SPPI criterion or are not held within a business model whose objective is either to collect
               contractual cash flows, or to both collect contractual cash flows and sell. Under HKAS 39, the Group’s quoted and unquoted equity
               securities were classified as available-for-sale investments.


         The assessment of the Group’s business models was made as of the date of initial application, 1 January 2018, and then applied
         retrospectively to those financial assets that were not derecognised before 1 January 2018. The assessment of whether contractual cash
         flows on debt instruments are solely comprised of principal and interest was made based on the facts and circumstances as at the initial
         recognition of the assets.


         The accounting for the Group’s financial liabilities remains largely the same as it was under HKAS 39. Similar to the requirements of HKAS
         39, HKFRS 9 requires contingent consideration liabilities to be treated as financial instruments measured at fair value, with the changes in
         fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.
28   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


     3. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICY AND DISCLOSURES (continued)

             HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments (continued)

             (a)      Classification and measurement (continued)


                      Under HKFRS 9, embedded derivatives are no longer separated from a host financial asset. Instead, financial assets are classified based on
                      their contractual terms and the Group’s business model.


                      The accounting for derivatives embedded in financial liabilities and in non-financial host contracts has not changed from that required by
                      HKAS 39.


             (b)      Impairment


                      The adoption of HKFRS 9 has fundamentally changed the Group’s accounting for impairment losses for financial assets by replacing HKAS
                      39’s incurred loss approach with a forward-looking expected credit loss (ECL) approach.


                      HKFRS 9 requires the Group to record an allowance for ECLs for all loans and other debt financial assets not held at FVPL.


                      ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the
                      Group expects to receive. The shortfall is then discounted at an approximation to the asset’s original effective interest rate.


                      For trade receivables, due from joint ventures and associates, and due from related parties, the Group has applied the standard’s simplified
                      approach and has calculated ECLs based on lifetime expected credit losses. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on
                      the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.


                      For other debt financial assets (i.e., other receivables, bills receivables at FVOCI and long-term receivables), the ECL is based on the
                      12-month ECL. The 12-month ECL is the portion of lifetime ECLs that results from default events on a financial instrument that are
                      possible within 12 months after the reporting date. However, when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since origination, the
                      allowance will be based on the lifetime ECL.


                      The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payment are 90 days past due. However, in certain cases, the Group
                      may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the
                      outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group.


                      The adoption of the ECL requirements of HKFRS 9 resulted in increases in impairment allowances of the Group’s debt financial assets. The
                      increase in allowance resulted in adjustment to retained earnings.


                      The statement of financial position as at 1 January 2018 was restated, resulting in decreases in trade receivables, other receivables,
                      long-term receivables (including current portion), due from joint ventures and associates, due from related parties, reserves amounting to
                      RMB152,765,000, RMB302,000, RMB34,335,000, RMB47,836,000, RMB873,000, RMB236,111,000, respectively.


                      The Group has not early adopted any standard interpretation or amendment that was issued but not yet effective.
                                                                                                                              BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   29


                                                    Notes to Interim Condensed
                                              Consolidated Financial Statements                                         For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


4. SEGMENT INFORMATION

   For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their products and services and has three reportable operating
   segments as follows:


   (a)   the rechargeable batteries and photovoltaic business segment comprises the manufacture and sale of lithium-ion batteries and nickel
         batteries, photovoltaic products and iron batteries products (including energy storage stations and iron battery pack), principally for mobile
         phones, electric tools and other portable electronic instruments, photovoltaic products, energy storage products and electric vehicles;


   (b)   the mobile handset components and assembly service segment comprises the manufacture and sale of mobile handset components such
         as housings and the provision of assembly services; and


   (c)   the automobiles and related products segment comprises the manufacture and sale of automobiles and auto-related moulds and
         components and automobiles leasing and after sales service, also including “Skyrail” related business.


   Management monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments separately for the purpose of making decisions about resources allocation
   and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based on reportable segment profit, which is a measure of adjusted profit
   before tax. The adjusted profit before tax is measured consistently with the Group’s profit before tax except that interest income, government
   grants and subsidies, finance costs, as well as head office and corporate expenses and gains are excluded from such measurement.


   Segment assets exclude deferred tax assets, goodwill, dividend receivable, available-for-sale investments, derivative financial instruments,
   financial assets, other non-current financial assets, investment properties and other unallocated head office and corporate assets, as these
   assets are managed on a group basis.


   Segment liabilities exclude deferred tax liabilities, tax payable, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, derivative financial instruments,
   financial liabilities, interest payable, dividend payable, other unallocated head office and corporate liabilities as these liabilities are managed on a
   group basis.


   Transfer pricing in operating segment is determined with reference to the agreed price among operating segments.
30   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


     4. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

             The following tables present revenue and profit information regarding the Group’s reportable operating segments for the six months ended 30
             June 2018 and 2017, respectively.


             Six months ended 30 June 2018 (Unaudited)


                                                                     Rechargeable    Mobile handset
                                                                     batteries and     components       Automobiles
                                                                      photovoltaic    and assembly       and related        Corporate
                                                                         business           service        products        and others            Total
                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


                Segment revenue
                    Sales to external customers                         4,160,882       19,975,591       28,026,394                 –      52,162,867
                    Intersegment sales                                  6,754,729          642,272          640,905                 –       8,037,906
                    Others including other gross income from
                   sales of raw materials, properties and
                   disposal of scrap materials                            347,033          297,443          493,122            2,426        1,140,024
                    Taxes and surcharges                                   18,012          123,599          706,420                 8         848,039


                                                                       11,280,656       21,038,905       29,866,841            2,434       62,188,836


                Reconciliation:
                    Elimination of intersegment sales                                                                                       (8,037,906)
                    Elimination of other gross income                                                                                       (1,140,024)
                    Elimination of taxes and surcharges                                                                                       (848,039)


                Revenue – sales to external customers                                                                                      52,162,867


                Segment results                                            81,656        1,358,758          326,930              674        1,768,018
                Reconciliation:
                    Elimination of intersegment results                                                                                       (230,630)
                    Interest income                                                                                                            67,379
                    Government grants and subsidies and other
                  unallocated gains                                                                                                         1,431,818
                    Corporate and other unallocated expenses                                                                                  (493,543)
                    Finance costs                                                                                                           (1,455,988)


                Profit before tax                                                                                                           1,087,054
                                                                                                        BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   31


                                                   Notes to Interim Condensed
                                             Consolidated Financial Statements                     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


4. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

   Six months ended 30 June 2017 (Unaudited)


                                                   Rechargeable    Mobile handset
                                                   batteries and     components     Automobiles
                                                    photovoltaic    and assembly     and related       Corporate
                                                       business           service      products       and others                      Total
                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000                 RMB’000


    Segment revenue
       Sales to external customers                  3,421,311       17,962,601      22,433,108                   –         43,817,020
       Intersegment sales                           3,039,369           489,481       561,354                    –          4,090,204
       Others including other gross income from
       sales of raw materials, properties and
       disposal of scrap materials                    173,209           193,409       292,061                    –             658,679
       Taxes and surcharges                            18,712            79,163       464,063                    –             561,938


                                                    6,652,601       18,724,654      23,750,586                   –         49,127,841


    Reconciliation:
       Elimination of intersegment sales                                                                                    (4,090,204)
       Elimination of other gross income                                                                                      (658,679)
       Elimination of taxes and surcharges                                                                                    (561,938)


    Revenue – sales to external customers                                                                                  43,817,020


    Segment results                                    (13,675)      1,660,782       1,884,225                   –          3,531,332
    Reconciliation:
       Elimination of intersegment results                                                                                    (183,768)
       Interest income                                                                                                           45,493
       Government grants and subsidies and other
      unallocated gains                                                                                                        724,864
       Corporate and other unallocated expenses                                                                               (404,920)
       Finance costs                                                                                                        (1,062,991)


    Profit before tax                                                                                                       2,650,010
32   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


     4. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

             The following table presents segment assets of the Group’s operating segments as at 30 June 2018 and 31 December 2017:

             Six months ended 30 June 2018 (Unaudited)

                                                                                Rechargeable
                                                                                batteries and         Mobile handset
                                                                                 photovoltaic        components and         Automobiles and
                                                                                    business        assembly service        related products                   Total
                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000                 RMB’000                 RMB’000


                 Segment assets                                                    28,262,393              29,195,946            119,181,806            176,640,145
                 Reconciliation:
                   Elimination of intersegment receivables                                                                                                (2,028,415)
                   Elimination of unrealised profit of
                      intersegment sales                                                                                                                    (461,042)
                   Corporate and other unallocated assets                                                                                                 17,146,140


                 Total assets                                                                                                                           191,296,828


                 Segment liabilities                                               10,467,159              12,027,951             34,338,842              56,833,952
                 Reconciliation:
                   Elimination of intersegment payables                                                                                                   (2,028,415)
                   Corporate and other unallocated liabilities                                                                                            77,124,337


                 Total liabilities                                                                                                                      131,929,874


             Other segment information:


                                                                                Rechargeable
                                                                                batteries and         Mobile handset
                                                                                 photovoltaic        components and         Automobiles and
                                                                                    business        assembly service        related products                   Total
                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000                 RMB’000                 RMB’000


                 As at June 2018 (Unaudited)
                 Investments in joint ventures                                         286,653                        –             2,345,208              2,631,861
                 Investments in associates                                             396,524                        –               352,484                749,008

                 Six months ended 30 June 2018 (Unaudited)
                 Share of (profits)/losses of:
                    Joint ventures                                                       (1,959)                      –                43,291                  41,332
                    Associates                                                           (1,865)                      –               (12,910)                (14,775)
                 Impairment losses recognised in the statement of
                    profit or loss                                                     67,554                  54,756                  95,846                218,156
                 Depreciation and amortisation                                        802,916               1,141,698               2,547,230              4,491,844
                 Capital expenditure                                                2,418,676               1,377,979               4,797,478              8,594,133


             *        Capital expenditure consists of additions to other intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, prepaid land lease payments and prepayment for
                      equipment.
                                                                                                      BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   33


                                                  Notes to Interim Condensed
                                            Consolidated Financial Statements                    For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


4. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

   Year ended 31 December 2017


                                                       Rechargeable
                                                       batteries and     Mobile handset
                                                        photovoltaic   components and     Automobiles and
                                                            business   assembly service   related products                     Total
                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000                    RMB’000


    Segment assets                                      24,913,277         28,681,229       109,140,422                162,734,928
    Reconciliation:
      Elimination of intersegment receivables                                                                             (1,703,533)
      Elimination of unrealised profit of
      intersegment sales                                                                                                   (526,943)
      Corporate and other unallocated assets                                                                             17,594,978


    Total assets                                                                                                       178,099,430


    Segment liabilities                                  9,292,776         14,310,370         31,325,151                 54,928,297
    Reconciliation:
      Elimination of intersegment payables                                                                                (1,703,533)
      Corporate and other unallocated liabilities                                                                        64,917,179


    Total liabilities                                                                                                  118,141,943


   Other segment information:


                                                       Rechargeable
                                                       batteries and     Mobile handset
                                                        photovoltaic   components and     Automobiles and
                                                            business   assembly service   related products                     Total
                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000                    RMB’000


    Year ended 31 December 2017
    Investments in joint ventures                          284,694                   –         2,158,173                  2,442,867
    Investments in associates                              394,660                   –           227,384                    622,044

    Six months ended 30 June 2017 (Unaudited)
    Share of (profits)/losses of:
       Joint ventures                                          (708)                 –            26,622                       25,914
       Associates                                               224                  –             (7,118)                      (6,894)
    Impairment losses recognised in the statement of
       profit or loss                                      149,412             69,157             32,879                    251,448
    Depreciation and amoritisation                         704,097            838,393          1,643,107                  3,185,597
    Capital expenditure                                    753,559          1,315,617          4,346,176                  6,415,352
34   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


     5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS

             Revenue represents the net invoiced value of goods sold, after allowances for returns and trade discounts, and the value of assembly services
             rendered.


             An analysis of revenue, other income and gains is as follows:


                                                                                                                  For the six months ended
                                                                                                               30 June 2018               30 June 2017
                                                                                                                  (Unaudited)                (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                    RMB’000                    RMB’000


                Revenue
                Sales of goods                                                                                    43,464,029                34,182,056
                Assembly services income                                                                           8,600,077                 9,602,932
                Others                                                                                                 98,761                    32,032


                                                                                                                  52,162,867                43,817,020


                                                                                                                  For the six months ended
                                                                                                               30 June 2018               30 June 2017
                                                                                                                  (Unaudited)                (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                    RMB’000                    RMB’000


                Other income and gains
                Gain on disposal of scrap and materials                                                              352,915                   195,852
                Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                                                     403,868                          –
                Bank interest income                                                                                   67,379                    45,493
                Others                                                                                               278,371                   199,105


                                                                                                                   1,102,533                   440,450
                                                                                                                         BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   35


                                                    Notes to Interim Condensed
                                              Consolidated Financial Statements                                  For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


6. PROFIT BEFORE TAX

   The Group’s profit before tax is arrived after charging/(crediting):




                                                                                                          For the six months ended
                                                                                                       30 June 2018                     30 June 2017
                                                                                                         (Unaudited)                         (Unaudited)
                                                                                                            RMB’000                            RMB’000


    Cost of inventories sold                                                                             36,330,588                         25,902,395
    Cost of services provided                                                                              8,454,861                         9,521,534
    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                          3,656,158                         2,563,130
    Amortisation of investment properties                                                                      1,199                                       –
    Recognition of prepaid land lease payments                                                                70,059                              62,701
    Amortisation of other intangible assets                                                                  764,428                            559,766
    Impairment of receivables                                                                                185,474                              55,697
    Impairment losses of receivables reversed                                                                (89,901)                            (33,329)
    Expected credit loss of bills receivables reversed                                                         (2,530)                                     –
    Impairment of available-for-sale investments                                                                    –                               5,000
    Write-down of inventories to net realisable value                                                        125,113                            224,080
    Fair value losses, net:
       Financial instruments                                                                                  15,981                                1,472
    Loss on disposal of items of non-current assets                                                           22,837                              27,880


7. FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                                          For the six months ended
                                                                                                       30 June 2018                     30 June 2017
                                                                                                         (Unaudited)                         (Unaudited)
                                                                                                            RMB’000                            RMB’000


    Interest on bank and other borrowings                                                                  1,364,493                         1,042,553
    Bank charges for discounted notes                                                                        143,641                              65,212


                                                                                                           1,508,134                         1,107,765


    Less: Interest capitalised                                                                               (52,146)                            (44,774)


                                                                                                           1,455,988                         1,062,991


   The average capitalization rate for the period used to determine the amount of borrowing costs eligible for capitalization was 4.41%(six months
   ended 30 June 2017: 4.13%).
36   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


     8. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                                                      For the six months ended
                                                                                                                   30 June 2018               30 June 2017
                                                                                                                     (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                        RMB’000                    RMB’000


                Current-Mainland China                                                                                   481,432                    550,345
                Current-Hong Kong                                                                                             248                          –
                Current-Elsewhere                                                                                         25,015                         392
                Deferred                                                                                                (294,002)                    (65,890)


                Total tax charge for the period                                                                          212,693                    484,847


             Taxes on profits assessable have been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates, based on existing
             legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof.


             The prevailing corporate income tax rate in Mainland China where the Group primarily operates is 25%. Certain subsidiaries operating in
             Mainland China are approved to be high and new technology enterprises and are entitle to enjoy reduced enterprise income tax rates of 15% of
             the estimated assessable profits for the period.


     9. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT

             The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the period attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent
             and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 2,728,142,855 (six months ended 30 June 2017: 2,728,142,855) in issue during the
             period.


                                                                                                                      For the six months ended
                                                                                                                   30 June 2018               30 June 2017
                                                                                                                        RMB’000                    RMB’000


                Earnings
                Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent, used in the basic earnings
                    per share calculation                                                                                479,099                  1,722,914
                Interests paid for perpetual loans                                                                      (102,505)                  (101,040)
                Accumulated unpaid interests attributable to perpetual loans                                              (16,140)                   (16,537)


                Profit used in the basic earnings per share calculation                                                  360,454                  1,605,337
                                                                                                                          BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   37


                                                  Notes to Interim Condensed
                                            Consolidated Financial Statements                                     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


9. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
   (continued)

                                                                                                          For the six months ended
                                                                                                        30 June 2018                     30 June 2017


    Shares
    Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the period,
       used in the basic earnings per share calculation                                                2,728,142,855                    2,728,142,855


   No diluted earnings per share amount has been presented for the period as no diluting events existed during these period.


10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

   During the six months ended 30 June 2018, the Group acquired assets with a cost of RMB6,235,086,000 (six months ended 30 June 2017:
   RMB5,146,106,000) on additions to property, plant and equipment.


   Assets with a net book value of RMB319,149,000 were disposed of by the group during the six months ended 30 June 2018 (six months
   ended 30 June 2017: RMB89,834,000), resulting in a net loss on disposal of RMB22,837,000 (six months ended 30 June 2017: loss of
   RMB27,880,000).


11. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                                        30 June 2018              31 December 2017
                                                                                                          (Unaudited)                            (Audited)
                                                                                                             RMB’000                            RMB’000


    Carrying amount at 1 January                                                                               66,707                                       –
    Transfer from property, plant and equipment                                                                 4,963                              66,707
    Depreciation provided during the year/period                                                                (1,199)                                     –


    Carrying amount at 30 June/31 December                                                                     70,471                              66,707
38   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


     12. INVENTORIES

                                                                                                                      30 June 2018         31 December 2017
                                                                                                                        (Unaudited)                 (Audited)
                                                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000


                Raw materials                                                                                             5,299,199               4,372,410
                Work-in-progress                                                                                        11,457,791                8,995,702
                Finished goods                                                                                            7,538,704               5,790,946
                Mould held for production                                                                                   693,366                 713,746


                                                                                                                        24,989,060               19,872,804


     13. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

             For sales of traditional fuel-engined automobiles, payment in advance, mainly in the form of bank bills, is normally required. For sales of
             new energy automobiles, the Group generally provides the customers with a credit period of one to twelve months or allow the customers to
             make instalment payment in twelve to twenty-four months. For retention receivables, the due date usually ranges from one to five years after
             acceptance of the vehicles by the customers.


             For sales under other segments, the Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit, except for new customers, where payment in
             advance is normally required. The credit period is generally one to three months. Each customer has a maximum credit limit.


             The aged analysis of the trade and bills receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date and net of provisions, is as
             follows:


                                                                                                                      30 June 2018         31 December 2017
                                                                                                                        (Unaudited)                 (Audited)
                                                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000


                Within three months                                                                                     17,909,532               22,874,693
                Four to six months                                                                                        6,819,696               8,081,877
                Seven months to one year                                                                                12,039,294                9,129,260
                Over one year                                                                                           14,704,137               13,190,886


                                                                                                                        51,472,659               53,276,716


             The directors are of the opinion that the carrying amounts of trade and bills receivables approximate to their fair values.
                                                                                                                            BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   39


                                                   Notes to Interim Condensed
                                             Consolidated Financial Statements                                        For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


14. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES

   An aged analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                                           30 June 2018             31 December 2017
                                                                                                              (Unaudited)                          (Audited)
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                          RMB’000


    Within three months                                                                                       31,177,035                       29,126,364
    Three to six months                                                                                        6,254,397                        9,081,522
    Six months to one year                                                                                        876,329                          486,529
    One to two years                                                                                              666,506                          739,176
    Two to three years                                                                                             48,420                            39,089
    Over three years                                                                                               48,916                            54,652


                                                                                                              39,071,603                       39,527,332


   The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled within terms of 30 to 120 days.


15. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS

   On 6 June 2017, the Resolution on the Authorization to the Board of the Company to Determine on the Issuance of Debt Financing Instrument(s)
   ( 《關於授權公司董事會決定發行債務融資工具的議案》 ) was considered and passed at the 2016 Annual General Meeting of the
   Company. In September 2017, the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors issued the Notice of Acceptance of Registration
   (Zhong Shi Xie Zhu [2017] No. SCP301) 《
                                         ( 接受註冊通知書》(中市協注[2017]SCP301號)), agreeing to accept the registration of issuance
   of super short-term debentures by the Company with a registered amount of RMB10 billion. On 8 March 2018, the Company issued the First
   Tranche Super Short-term Debentures of 2018 (“18BYDSCP001” for short) with a total amount of RMB2 billion and an interest rate of 5.29%. On
   13 June 2018, the Company issued the Second Tranche Super Short-term Debentures of 2018 (“18BYDSCP002” for short) with a total amount
   of RMB2 billion and an interest rate of 5.8%.


   On 12 October 2017, the Company received the document from China Securities Regulatory Commission (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2017] No. 1807),
   approving the Company to publicly issue the corporate bonds with an aggregate par value of not more than RMB10 billion to qualified investors.
   On 12 April 2018, the Company commenced the issuance of 2018 corporate bonds (the first tranche) with a total amount of RMB3 billion and
   a fixed nominal rate of interest at 5.17%. The interest payment shall be made once every year, and the principal will be repaid on one-off basis
   upon maturity. The bonds are repayable in five years. The bonds were listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange on 4 June 2018. Investors are entitled
   to resell parts or all of the bonds held by them to the issuers on the third interest payment date at principal amount, or give up sell-back options
   and continue to hold the bonds.
40   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


     16. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

             (a) Litigation

                      Action against Foxconn


                      On 11 June 2007, a Hong Kong High Court action (the “June 2007 Action”) was commenced by a subsidiary and an affiliate of Foxconn
                      International Holdings Limited (the “Plaintiffs”) against the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Group (the “Defendants”) for using
                      confidential information alleged to have been obtained improperly from the Plaintiffs. The Plaintiffs discontinued the June 2007 Action on
                      5 October 2007 with the effect that the June 2007 Action has been wholly discontinued against all the Defendants named in the action
                      and this finally disposed of the June 2007 Action without any liability to the Defendants. On the same day, the Plaintiffs initiated a new
                      set of legal proceedings in the Court (the “October 2007 Action”). The Defendants named in the October 2007 Action are the same as
                      the Defendants in the June 2007 Action, and the claims made by the Plaintiffs in the October 2007 Action are based on the same facts
                      and the same grounds in the June 2007 Action. The remedies sought by the Plaintiffs in the October 2007 Action include an injunction
                      restraining the Defendants from using the alleged confidential information, an order for the disgorgement of profit made by the Defendants
                      through the use of the confidential information, damages based on the loss suffered by the Plaintiffs and exemplary damages. The total
                      damages sought by the Plaintiffs in the October 2007 Action have not been quantified.


                      On 2 October 2009 the Defendants instituted a counter-action against Foxconn International Holdings Limited and certain of its affiliates
                      for their intervention, by means of illegal measures, in the operations involving the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, collusions,
                      written and verbal defamation, and the economic loss as a result of the said activities.


                      As at the reporting date, the case remains in the process of legal proceedings. After consulting the Company’s legal counsel representing
                      the Company for the case, the board is of the view that the estimate of ultimate outcome and amount to settle the obligation, if any, of the
                      litigation cannot be made reliably up to date.


             (b) As at the end of the reporting period, contingent liabilities not provided for in the financial statements
                 were as follows:

                                                                                                                      30 June 2018          31 December 2017
                                                                                                                        (Unaudited)                    (Audited)
                                                                                                                           RMB’000                    RMB’000


                         Guarantees given to banks in connection with facilities granted to subsidiaries                84,604,506                 83,205,050


                      As at 30 June 2018, the banking facilities granted to subsidiaries and joint ventures, subject to guarantees given to banks by the Company
                      were utilised to the extent of approximately RMB39,581,346,000 (31 December 2017: RMB36,021,358,000) and RMB3,515,000,000
                      (31 December 2017: RMB3,593,000,000) respectively.
                                                                                                                           BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   41


                                                   Notes to Interim Condensed
                                             Consolidated Financial Statements                                        For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


16. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES (continued)

   (c) Repurchase obligation

         The Group entered into tri-lateral finance cooperation contracts (the “Cooperation Contract”) with certain customers and third-parties or
         related financial institutions (“Financial Institutions”). Pursuant to the arrangement under the Cooperation Contract, the Company bears
         repurchase obligations to Financial Institutions that in the event of customer default or other specific conditions, the Company is entitled to
         repossess and sell the new energy vehicles and “Skyrail” related assets. At the same time, the Company is required to make payment to
         Financial Institutions for the outstanding payments due from customer, and retain any net proceeds in excess of the repurchase payments
         made to Financial Institutions. Management believes that the repossessed vehicles and “Skyrail” related assets will be able to be sold for
         proceeds that are not significantly different from the repurchase payments. As at 30 June 2018, the Group’s maximum exposure to these
         obligations was RMB12,873,028,000 (2017: RMB11,991,848,000). For the six months ended 30 June 2018, there was no default of
         payments from customers which required the Group to make payments to Financial Institutions.


17. COMMITMENTS

   The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                           30 June 2018            31 December 2017
                                                                                                             (Unaudited)                          (Audited)
                                                                                                                RMB’000                          RMB’000


    Contracted but not provided for
       Land and buildings                                                                                      1,240,976                       1,088,040
       Plant and machinery                                                                                     4,505,012                       2,986,739
       Capital contribution in respect of investments                                                            895,617                          785,160


                                                                                                               6,641,605                       4,859,939


    Authorised but not contracted for                                                                             87,034                          313,429


                                                                                                               6,728,639                       5,173,368
42   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


     17. COMMITMENTS (continued)

             (a) Long-term purchase commitments for polysilicon materials

                      In October 2010, Shangluo BYD Co., Ltd. (“Shangluo BYD” or the “Purchaser”) entered into the Material Supply Contract (the “Supply
                      Contract”) with Jiangxi LDK PV Silicon Technology Co., Ltd. (“LDKPV” or the “Vendor”) and Jiangxi LDK Solar Hi-Tech Co., Ltd. (“LDK Solar”
                      or the “Guarantor”), both of which are silicon material suppliers. LDK Solar as the Guarantor provides the Purchaser with guarantee of
                      several liability for all debts incurred from the Supply Contract by the Vendor. The Supply Contract provides that during the contract term
                      from January 2011 to December 2012, the Purchaser shall purchase 3,000 tonnes of polysilicon materials from the Vendor at a price of
                      RMB650,000/tonne (the “Initial Purchase Price”) for a total contract value of RMB1.95 billion. The Supply Contract provides that Shangluo
                      BYD shall pay deposits of RMB97,500,000 to the Vendor. The Supply Contract also provides that if the prevailing market price fluctuates
                      more than 5% over the Initial Purchase Price, the parties shall negotiate about adjusting the purchase price by reference to the market
                      price.


                      In December 2012, Shangluo BYD entered into a supplemental agreement I to the Supply Contract with LDKPV and LDK Solar. The
                      supplemental agreement I provides that the performance period under the Supply Contract will be extended for a period of one year to
                      31 December 2013. In February 2015, Shangluo BYD, BYD Lithium Batteries Co., Ltd (“BYD Lithium Batteries”) and BYD Supply Chain
                      Management Co., Ltd. (“BYD Supply Chain Management”) entered into a supplemental agreement II to the Supply Contract with LDKPV
                      and LDK Solar (the “Vendors”). The supplemental agreement II provides that the contracting parties agree to extend the performance period
                      under the original Supply Contract for a period of five years to 31 December 2018; the parties of the Supply Contract were expanded as
                      follows: the Purchasers include Shangluo BYD, BYD Lithium Batteries and BYD Supply Chain Management, the Vendors include LDKPV
                      and LDK Solar; the original deposits payable by Shangluo BYD under the Supply Contract (namely RMB97,500,000) will be changed to
                      prepayments payable by all Purchasers to all Vendors, and when the Purchasers buy from the Vendors, the payables to the Vendors could
                      be deducted from the prepayment already paid by Shangluo BYD. According to both supplemental agreement I and the supplemental
                      agreement II, the Purchaser shall not pursue a claim against the Vendors for unfulfilled and unfinished delivery obligations and the Vendors
                      shall not pursue a claim against the Purchaser for unfinished purchases or payment obligations during the term of the agreement.


                      In November 2015, LDK PV and LDK Solar commenced restructuring procedures and the Company has filed claims under the restructuring
                      procedures of the two companies in accordance with law.


                      On 30 September 2016, the Intermediate People’s Court of Xinyu City, Jiangxi Province, approved the composition plan for LDKPV.
                      According to the composition plan, the settlement percentage of Shangluo BYD’s debt as one of LDKPV’s ordinary creditors amounted
                      to 11.49% by way of conversion of debts into equity. As at 31 December 2017, LDKPV has completed the registration of changes in
                      ownership information and the amount of contribution from Shangluo BYD reached 725,163 US dollars, accounting for 0.1480%. On 10
                      January 2018, the Intermediate People’s Court of Xinyu City, Jiangxi Province, approved the composition plan for LDK Solar, the settlement
                      percentage of Shangluo BYD’s debt as one of LDK Solar’s ordinary creditors amounted to 2.2975% by way of the installment payment
                      in cash or preferred share, which amounted to RMB1,115,622.13. As at the reporting date, the prepayment of the Purchaser under the
                      Supply Contract had converted to the debt of the Vendors, which would be compensated according to the composition plans.
                                                                                                                                          BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   43


                                                        Notes to Interim Condensed
                                                  Consolidated Financial Statements                                                For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


17. COMMITMENTS (continued)

   In addition, the Group’s share of the joint ventures’ own capital commitments, which are not included in the above, is as follows:


                                                                                                               30 June 2018               31 December 2017
                                                                                                                  (Unaudited)                           (Audited)
                                                                                                                     RMB’000                           RMB’000


       Capital contribution payable to joint ventures*                                                                519,120                             79,340


                                                                                                                      519,120                             79,340


   *       The proposal on increasing the share capital of a joint venture Shenzhen Denza New Energy Automotive Co., Ltd. (“DENZA”) was considered and approved at
           the sixth interim meeting of the board of directors, pursuant to which the increase of RMB400 million in the share capital of Denza by BYD Auto Industry Co.,
           Ltd., a holding subsidiary of the Company, was agreed. As at June 30 2018, the increasing share capital was unpaid.


18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

   (a) In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in the interim condensed consolidated financial
       statements, the Group had the following transactions with related parties during the period:

                                                                                                                          For the six months ended
                                                                                                                       30 June 2018                      30 June 2017
                                                                                                                         (Unaudited)                          (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                            RMB’000                             RMB’000


             Joint ventures and associates
                Sales of products                                                                  (i)                     5,851,142                             319,882
                Sales of machinery and equipment                                                  (ii)                       154,822                                        –
                Service income                                                                    (iii)                        42,087                              39,578
                Purchases of products and service                                                 (iv)                         95,889                              69,115
                Rental expense                                                                    (v)                          66,670                            143,266
             Sales of products and service to Zhongbei Didi                                       (vi)                                –                                 124
             Sales of products and service to Saidi New Energy                                    (vii)                             17                                      –
             Sales of products and service to Yinchuan Operation                                 (viii)                            896                                      –
             Sales of products and service to UBTECH                                              (ix)                           1,544                                      –
             Sales of products and service to Guangan Operation Management                        (x)                               36                                      –
             Purchases of products and service from Northern Qinchuan                             (xi)                              35                                    67
             Purchases of products and service from Easpring Technology                           (xii)                          2,172                                      –
             Purchase of products and service from Saidi New Energy                               (vii)                        16,203                                6,536
             Purchases of products and service from Mingzhu Plastics                             (xiii)                        71,644                              70,317
             Purchases of products and service from Unifortune                                   (xiv)                           4,008                                      –
44   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


     18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

             (a) In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in the interim condensed consolidated financial
                 statements, the Group had the following transactions with related parties during the period: (continued)

                      Notes:


                      (i)      The sales of products to the joint ventures and associates were made according to the published prices offered to other customers of the Group;


                      (ii)     The sales of machinery and equipment was made at prices mutually agreed between the Group and the joint ventures and associates;


                      (iii)    The service income was received at prices mutually agreed between the Group and the joint ventures and associates;


                      (iv)     The purchase of products and service from the joint ventures and associates were made according to the published prices offered by the joint
                               ventures to their other customers;


                      (v)      The rental expense was charged at prices mutually agreed between the Group and the joint ventures;


                      (vi)     The sales of products and service to Nanjing Zhongbei Didi New Energy Leasing Co., Ltd. (“Zhongbei Didi”), a company of which an executive of the
                               Company is the chairman of the board, were made according to the published prices offered to the other customers of the Group;


                      (vii)    The sales of products and service to and from Shenzhen Saidi New Energy Leasing Co., Ltd. (“Saidi New Energy”) were made according to the
                               published prices offered to other customers of the Group; the purchase of products and services from Saidi New Energy were made according to the
                               published prices offered by Saidi New Energy to its other customers, As of March 2018, Saidi New Energy is not a related party due to the resignation
                               of the director of its board on March 2017, who is the executive of the Company;


                      (viii)   The sales of products and service to Yinchuan SkyRail Operation Co., Ltd. (“Yinchuan Operation”), a company of which two executives of the
                               Company are the directors of the board, were made at prices mutually agreed between the Group and Yinchuan Operation;


                      (ix)     The sales of products and service to Shenzhen UBTECH Robotics Co., Ltd. (“UBTECH”), a company of which a non-executive director of the Company
                               is the director of the board, were made according to the published prices offered to the other customers of the Group;


                      (x)      The sales of products and service to Guangan SkyRail Operation Management Co., Ltd. (“Guangan Operation Management”), a company of which
                               two executives and a supervisor of the Company are the directors of the board, were made according to the published prices offered to other
                               customers of the Group;


                      (xi)     The purchases of products and service from Xi’an Northern Qinchuan Company Ltd. (“Northern Qinchuan”), a company of which a supervisor of the
                               Company is the chairman of its board, were made according to the published prices offered by Northern Qinchuan to its other customers;


                      (xii)    The purchase of products and service from Beijing Easpring Material Technology Co., Ltd. (“Easpring Technology”), a company of which an
                               independent non-executive director of the Company is the independent director of its board, were made according to the published prices offered by
                               Easpring Technology to its other customers;


                      (xiii)   The purchases of products and service from Cangzhou Mingzhu Plastic Co., Ltd. (“Mingzhu Plastic”), a company of which an independent non-
                               executive director of the Company is the independent director of the board, were made according to the published prices offered by Cangzhou
                               Mingzhu to its other customers;


                      (xiv)    The purchases of products and service from Shenzhen Unifortune Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd. (“Unifortune”), a company of which a non-
                               executive director of the Company is the director of the board, were made according to the published prices offered by Unifortune to its other
                               customers;
                                                                                                   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   45


                                                 Notes to Interim Condensed
                                           Consolidated Financial Statements                For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

   (b) Outstanding balances with related parties

                                                                                    30 June 2018           31 December 2017
                                                                                     (Unaudited)                          (Audited)
                                                                                        RMB’000                          RMB’000


        The amount due from joint ventures and associates:
        DENZA                                                                            61,787                           600,310
        Tianjin BYD Automobile Company Limited (“Tianjin BYD”)                          458,819                           465,634
        Shenzhen Pengcheng Electric Car Rental Company Limited
           (“Pengcheng Chuzu”)                                                           22,704                             28,621
        Nanjing Jiangnan Electric Car Rental Company Limited
           (“Jiangnan Chuzu”)                                                              2,447                              1,273
        Shan Mei Ling Qiu Bi Xing Industry Development Co., Ltd.
           (“Shan Mei Ling Qiu Bi Xing”)                                                                                    10,000
        International Financial Lease Co., Ltd. (“International Financial Lease”)      1,771,247                          472,679
        Qianhai Green Transportation Co., Ltd. (“Qianhai Green Transportation”)              35                                    18
        BYD Auto Finance Company Limited (“Auto Finance”)                                   468                               1,174
        Hangzhou BYD Xihu New Energy Auto Co., Ltd.
           (“Xihu New Energy”)                                                           29,077                             87,591
        Guangzhou Guang Qi BYD New Energy Bus Co., Ltd.
           (“Guang Qi BYD”)                                                            7,878,372                       2,665,511
        Shenzhen Didi New Energy Auto Lease Co., Ltd. (“Shenzhen Didi”) and
           its subsidiary                                                                23,235                             35,423
        Beijing Hualin Loading Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Hualin Loading”)                         803                               1,001
        Shenzhen Electric Power Sales Co., Ltd.
           (“Shenzhen Electric Power”) and its subsidiary                                      –                              1,551
        Xi’an Infrastructure Yadi Automobile Service Co., Ltd.
           (“Xi’an Infrastructure”)                                                    1,667,100                       2,199,000
        Shenzhen BYD Electric Vehicle Investment Co., Ltd
           (“BYD Electric Vehicle”)                                                        9,027                                     –
        Hubei Energy Storage Co., Ltd. (“Hubei Energy Storage”)                                –                            40,211
        Shenzhen Faurecia Automotive Parts Co., Ltd. (“Faurecia Parts”)                    1,379                                     –


                                                                                      11,921,500                       6,609,997
46   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


     18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

             (b) Outstanding balances with related parties (continued)

                                                                                               30 June 2018   31 December 2017
                                                                                                (Unaudited)           (Audited)
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


                         The amounts due from related parties:
                         Shenzhen Yinghe Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shenzhen Yinghe Technology”)           128                249
                         Yinchuan Operation                                                        248,850            256,692
                         Guangan Operation Management                                                   43                   –
                         UBTECH                                                                         71                   –


                                                                                                   249,092            256,941


                                                                                               30 June 2018   31 December 2017
                                                                                                (Unaudited)           (Audited)
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


                         The amount due to joint ventures and associates:
                         DENZA                                                                         430            464,366
                         International Financial Lease                                                   –               4,985
                         Tianjin BYD                                                                12,784             60,857
                         Shenzhen Electric Power Sales and its subsidiary                           24,558             29,474
                         BYD Auto Finance                                                               59                755
                         Guang Qi BYD                                                               16,550             10,883
                         Hangzhou BYD Xihu Auto                                                     13,439                738
                         Shenzhen Chongdian Easy Co., Ltd (“Chongdian Easy”)                           584                   1
                         Faurecia Parts                                                             62,446                   –
                         Shenzhen Didi and its subsidiary                                           26,176             43,600


                                                                                                   157,026            615,659
                                                                                                                    BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   47


                                                   Notes to Interim Condensed
                                             Consolidated Financial Statements                               For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

   (b) Outstanding balances with related parties (continued)

                                                                                                   30 June 2018             31 December 2017
                                                                                                      (Unaudited)                          (Audited)
                                                                                                        RMB’000                           RMB’000


             The amount due to related parties:
             Easpring Technology                                                                           2,519                                      –
             Northern Qinchuan                                                                                  7                                     –
             Mingzhu Plastics                                                                            111,915                           106,696
             Saidi New Energy                                                                                   –                            23,912
             Unifortune                                                                                      116                                      –
             UBTECH                                                                                          293                                      –


                                                                                                         114,850                           130,608


       The balances are unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed terms of repayment.


   (c) Other transactions with related parties

       Loan guarantee


       (i)       As at 30 June 2018, the Company provided a guarantee to the bank for the borrowing of Denza amounting to RMB675,000,000 (31
                 December 2017: RMB705,000,000).


       (ii)      As at 30 June 2018, the Company provided a guarantee to the bank for the borrowing of BYD Auto Finance amounting to
                 RMB2,840,000,000 (31 December 2017: RMB2,888,000,000).
48   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


     18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

             (c) Other transactions with related parties (continued)

                      Repurchase obligation


                      The Group entered into tri-lateral finance cooperation contracts (the “Cooperation Contract”) with related parties and third-party or related
                      financial institutions (“Financial Institutions”). Pursuant to the arrangement under the Cooperation Contract, the Company bears repurchase
                      obligations to Financial Institutions that in the event of related parties default or other specific conditions, the Company is entitled to
                      repossess and sell the new energy vehicles and “Skyrail” related assets. At the same time, the Company is required to make payment
                      to Financial Institutions for the outstanding payments due from related parties, and retain any net proceeds in excess of the repurchase
                      payments made to Financial Institutions. Management believes that the repossessed vehicles and “Skyrail” related assets will be able to be
                      sold for proceeds that are not significantly different from the repurchase payments. As of 30 June 2018, there was no default of payments
                      from related parties which required the Group to make any payment.


                      (i)       As at 30 June 2018, the Company’s maximum exposure of guarantees to Shenzhen Didi and its subsidiary was RMB629,839,000
                                (31 December 2017: RMB386,864,000).


                      (ii)      As at 30 June 2018, the Company’s maximum exposure of guarantees to Jiangnan Chuzu was RMB11,211,000 (31 December
                                2017: RMB32,140,000).


                      (iii)     As at 30 June 2018, the Group’s maximum exposure of obligation to Yinchuan Operation was RMB192,000,000 (31 December
                                2017: RMB192,000,000).


             (d) Others

                      Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:


                                                                                                                         For the six months ended
                                                                                                                       30 June 2018               30 June 2017
                                                                                                                         (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                            RMB’000                    RMB’000


                            Short term employee benefits                                                                      33,122                     31,461
                            Pension scheme contributions                                                                         186                         204


                                                                                                                              33,308                     31,665


                      The related party transactions in respect of the items set out in note 18(a) do not constitute connected transactions as defined in Chapter
                      14A of the Listing Rules.
                                                                                                                  BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   49


                                                   Notes to Interim Condensed
                                             Consolidated Financial Statements                              For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


19. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

   The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s and the Company’s financial instruments, other than those with carrying amounts that
   reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:


   30 June 2018


                                                                                                 Carry amounts                       Fair values
                                                                                                       RMB’000                          RMB’000


    Financial assets
    Bills receivables                                                                                 4,457,287                       4,457,287
    Long-term receivable                                                                              1,266,294                       1,266,294
    Derivative financial instruments                                                                      1,285                              1,285
    Unquoted debt investments                                                                           582,127                          582,127
    Quoted equity shares                                                                              2,967,278                       2,967,278


                                                                                                      9,274,271                       9,274,271


                                                                                                 Carry amounts                       Fair values
                                                                                                       RMB’000                          RMB’000


    Financial liabilities
    Derivative financial instrument                                                                     133,324                          133,324
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                      68,874,749                       68,874,749


                                                                                                    69,008,073                       69,008,073
50   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


     19. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

             31 December 2017


                                                                                                                     Carry amounts                   Fair values
                                                                                                                          RMB’000                     RMB’000


                Financial assets
                Long-term receivable                                                                                     1,049,938                  1,049,938
                Derivative financial instruments                                                                             1,095                      1,095
                Available-for-sale investments – listed equity investments                                               3,582,554                  3,582,554


                                                                                                                         4,633,587                  4,633,587


                                                                                                                     Carry amounts                   Fair values
                                                                                                                          RMB’000                     RMB’000


                Financial liabilities
                Derivative financial instruments                                                                           119,261                    119,261
                Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                              56,511,016                 56,511,016


                                                                                                                        56,630,277                 56,630,277


             Management has assessed that the fair values of short term deposits, cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, trade and bills receivables,
             trade and bills payables, financial assets included in prepayments, deposits and other receivables, financial liabilities included in other payables,
             amounts due from/to the joint ventures and associates approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these
             instruments.

             The Group’s corporate finance team headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining the policies and procedures for the fair value
             measurement of financial instruments. The corporate finance team reports directly to the chief financial officer and the audit committee. At
             each reporting date, the corporate finance team analyses the movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs
             applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer. The valuation process and results are discussed
             with the audit committee twice a year for interim and annual financial reporting.

             The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current
             transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.

             The fair values of the interest-bearing bank and other borrowings have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates
             currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The Group’s own non-performance risk for interest-
             bearing bank and other borrowings as at 30 June 2018 was assessed to be insignificant.

             The fair values of quoted equity shares are based on quoted market prices.

             Fair value of the unquoted ordinary shares has been estimated using a discounted cash flows (DCF) model. The valuation requires management
             to make certain assumptions about the model inputs, including forecast cash flows, the discount rate, credit risk and volatility. The probabilities
             of the various estimates within the range can be reasonably assessed and are used in management’s estimate of fair value for these unquoted
             equity investments.
                                                                                                                         BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   51


                                                  Notes to Interim Condensed
                                            Consolidated Financial Statements                                      For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


19. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

   The Group enters into derivative financial instruments with various counterparties, principally financial institutions with AAA credit ratings.
   Derivative financial instruments, including forward currency contracts are measured using valuation techniques similar to forward pricing
   and swap models, using present value calculations. The models incorporate various market observable inputs including the credit quality of
   counterparties, foreign exchange spot and forward rates. The carrying amounts of forward currency contracts are the same as their fair values.


   Fair value hierarchy

   The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s and the Company’s financial instruments:


   Assets and liabilities measured at fair value


   As at 30 June 2018


                                                                                       Fair value measurement using
                                                                                          Significant           Significant
                                                              Quoted prices in            observable         unobservable
                                                               active markets                  inputs                inputs
                                                                      (Level 1)             (Level 2)              (Level 3)                          Total
                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000               RMB’000                      RMB’000


    Financial assets
    Quoted equity shares                                            2,967,278                       –                      –                 2,967,278
    Unquoted debt investments                                                 –              568,320                13,807                      582,127
    Bills-receivables                                                         –            4,457,287                       –                 4,457,287
    Derivative financial instruments                                          –                1,285                       –                        1,285


                                                                    2,967,278              5,026,892                13,807                   8,007,977


    Financial liabilities
    Derivative financial instruments                                    98,129                35,195                       –                    133,324


                                                                        98,129                35,195                       –                    133,324
52   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


     19. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

             Fair value hierarchy (continued)

             Assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)


             As at 31 December 2017


                                                                                             Fair value measurement using
                                                                                                Significant          Significant
                                                                         Quoted prices in       observable        unobservable
                                                                          active markets            inputs               inputs
                                                                                (Level 1)         (Level 2)            (Level 3)               Total
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000


                Financial assets
                Available-for-sale investments
                    – listed equity investments                               3,582,554                  –                    –           3,582,554
                Derivative financial instruments                                       –            1,095                     –               1,095


                                                                              3,582,554             1,095                     –           3,583,649


                Derivative financial instruments                                       –         119,261                      –             119,261


             During the six months ended 30 June 2018, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers
             into or out of Level 3 (2017: Nil).
                                                                                                                  BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018   53


                                                Notes to Interim Condensed
                                          Consolidated Financial Statements                                  For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


19. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

   Fair value hierarchy (continued)

   Assets and liabilities for which fair values are disclosed


   As at 30 June 2018


                                                                                   Fair value measurement using
                                                                                     Significant          Significant
                                                           Quoted prices in          observable         unobservable
                                                                active markets            inputs               inputs
                                                                      (Level 1)        (Level 2)             (Level 3)                         Total
                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000              RMB’000                     RMB’000


    Financial assets
    Long-term receivable                                                      –       1,266,294                      –                1,266,294


    Financial liabilities
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                –      68,874,749                      –               68,874,749


   As at 31 December 2017


                                                                                    Fair value measurement using
                                                                                       Significant         Significant
                                                                Quoted prices in      observable        unobservable
                                                                 active markets             inputs             inputs
                                                                       (Level 1)         (Level 2)           (Level 3)                     Total
                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000                     RMB’000


    Financial assets
    Long-term receivable                                                      –       1,049,938                      –                1,049,938


    Financial liabilities
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                –      56,511,016                      –               56,511,016
54   BYD Company Limited Interim Report 2018




     Notes to Interim Condensed
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Six Months ended 30 June 2018


     20. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

             1)       Delta Dragon Import SA (“DDI”), the arbitration applicant, made an arbitration application to International Court of Arbitration of the
                      International Chamber of Commerce on 12 October 2016, and alleged that the respondent, BYD Auto Industry Co., Ltd. (“BYD Auto
                      Industry”) had breached the automobile distribution agreement (“Distribution Agreement”) entered with it on 7 October 2014. DDI claimed
                      that BYD Auto Industry was liable for the alleged loss of CHF1,271,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB8,433,000) incurred from
                      the performance of Distribution Agreement; and alleged loss in acquirable interests of CHF177,917,000 (equivalent to approximately
                      RMB1,180,479,000) calculated from profit forecast made based on an updated and adjusted (Strategic) Business Plan. The total amount
                      claimed by DDI is CHF179,188,000 (equivalent to RMB1,188,912,000). Meanwhile, DDI requested the arbitration court to declare that DDI
                      was entitled to terminate the agreement by reason of substantial breach by BYD Auto Industry and claimed that BYD Auto Industry should
                      be liable for the related fees incurred for application of property preservation and arbitration. The final decision of the arbitration was made
                      by International Court of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce on 20 July 2018. BYD Auto Industry was ordered to pay
                      DDI what it claimed were costs related to Geneva Motor Show which amounted to CHF46,752.00 and interest of CHF1,372.03. The rest of
                      claims by DDI were dismissed. DDI was ordered to pay BYD Auto Industry for all its costs incurred from this arbitration as of 24 May 2018,
                      which amounted to EUR1,254,814.04 and RMB46,597.88. DDI needs to pay the interest as of the actual payment date in the case of
                      overdue payment. DDI was arbitrated to bear all the fees incurred by International Chamber of Commerce and the Sole Arbitrator.

             2)       The authorization to the Board to determine the proposed plan for the issuance of debt financing instrument(s) was considered and passed
                      at the 2016 Annual General Meeting of BYD Company Limited (the “Company”) held on 6 June 2017. In September 2017, the National
                      Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors (中國銀行間市場交易商協會) issued a notice of acceptance of registration
                      (Zhong Shi Xie Zhu [2017] No. SCP301) that the registration of issuance of Super Short-term Debentures with a registered amount of
                      RMB10 billion by the Company has been accepted. The 2018 Third Tranche Super Short-term Debentures were issued by the Company
                      on 13 August 2018. The actual total amount of issuance is RMB1.5 billion, and the issuing price is RMB100, with the issuance duration of
                      270 days. The value date is August 15th, 2018, and the redemption date is May 12, 2019. The interest rate is 4.75%. The Company has
                      applied RMB1.5 billion of the whole proceeds from the issuance of the super short-term debentures for replenishment of working capital.

             3)       On 12 October 2017, the Company publicly offered corporate bonds in tranches with a total par value of not exceeding RMB10.0 billion
                      to qualified investors as approved by the “ZJXK [2017] No.1807” document from China Securities Regulatory Commission. On 20 August
                      2018, the Company issued the Issuance Announcement on the Public Offering of Corporate Bonds (the Second Tranche) by BYD Company
                      Limited to Qualified Investors in 2018, to publicly offer corporate bonds (the second tranche) (hereinafter referred to as the “Current
                      Bonds”) to qualified investors, which are classified into two types: type 1 (the bonds under which are referred to as “18YD02” with bond
                      code of “112748”) has a term of four years with the issuer’s option to adjust the coupon rate at the end of the second year and the
                      investors’ option to sell back to the issuer; type 2 (the bonds under which are referred to as “18YD03” with bond code of “112749”) has
                      a term of five years with the issuer’s option to adjust the coupon rate at the end of the third year and the investors’ option to sell back to
                      the issuer. The offline issuance date of the Current Bonds is from 22 August 2018 to 24 August 2018, of which the actual issuance size of
                      type 1 is RMB1.6 billion with the final coupon rate of 5.75%, while type 2 has no actual issuance size.

     21. APPROVAL OF THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
             These interim condensed consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 29 August
             2018.
                                 2018 Interim Report 中期報告
        Stock Code 股份代號 : 1211




BYD Company Limited 比亞迪股份有限公司                               2018 Interim Report 二零一八年中期報告
