NORTHUMBRIAN WATER LIMITED
ANNUAL REPORT AND
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020




                                   Registered company no: 02366703
		2




ANNUAL REPORT AND
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED
                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT
31 MARCH 2020
CONTENTS										PAGE


STRATEGIC REPORT                                                             3

Chairman’s statement                                                          4
Chief Executive Officer’s review                                              6
Business overview                                                            10
Section 172 Statement                                                        19
Performance review                                                           21
Financial performance and structure                                          54
Risk report                                                                  57




                                                                                  GOVERNANCE REPORT
GOVERNANCE REPORT                                                           64

Chairman’s introduction                                                      65
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director’s report                           67
Corporate governance                                                         69
Remuneration Committee report                                                88
Directors’ report                                                           100


FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                        105

Income statement                                                            106
Statement of comprehensive income                                           107




                                                                                  STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Balance sheet                                                               108
Statement of changes in equity                                              109
Cash flow statement                                                         110
Notes to the Financial Statements                                           111
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Northumbrian Water Limited   142
                                      STRATEGIC

                                       REPORT



                                                                        STRATEGIC REPORT



                                                                        3




STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   GOVERNANCE REPORT   STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT        4




CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                                     Our strong performance is underpinned by our
                                                     five strategic themes: Customer, Environment,




                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                     Competitiveness, People and Communities. At
                                                     each meeting the Board has reviewed
                                                     performance against a balanced scorecard of
                                                     measures related to these strategic themes in
                                                     addition to health and safety, financial
                                                     performance and other key factors. A more
                                                     detailed overview of our work and
                                                     progress on these themes is set out later in this
                                                     Strategic Report.
                                                     Our Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Heidi Mottram,
                                                     describes in her Review our continued strong
                                                     performance delivered against existing
                                                     commitments but, importantly, we have also tried
                                                     to lay solid foundations for the coming years in
                                                     our 2020-25 Business Plan (our Plan).
                                                     We submitted our Plan in August 2018. This was a
 A J Hunter                                          very collaborative and consultative exercise,
                                                     conducted in partnership with our customers and
                                                     other key stakeholders and we were encouraged
The Board of                                         by the very positive response our Plan received,




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                     including 91% customer support. Our Plan
Northumbrian Water                                   committed to offering significant bill reductions
                                                     to our customers alongside real improvements in
Limited (NWL/the                                     service. It was clear from our detailed and
                                                     extensive work with customers that they shared
Company) recognises                                  our firm belief that protecting the environment
                                                     and ensuring the resilience of our services should
that, for most of our                                remain two of our key priorities. We were
                                                     confident that our Business Plan would have
customers, we are the                                enabled us to deliver on those fronts in a cost
                                                     effective manner, as we evidenced to Ofwat, and
only available supplier                              as supported by detailed analysis confirming that
                                                     the investment we proposed is in our customers’
of water.                                            best interests for the long term. Contrary to our
                                                     customers’ wishes, in its Final Determination of
                                                     prices for 2020–25 (FD), Ofwat rejected several
The Company therefore carries very significant       key elements of our Plan, including critical
responsibilities and must strive to meet the high    projects to enhance resilience and reduce sewer




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
expectations of everyone we serve and work           flooding.
with. As a result, the Board challenges itself and   The Board assessed the FD in detail, in the
the Company’s employees, to deliver improved         context of the complex environment in which
performance each year, so that our customers’        NWL operates, and the varied risks to which it is
high expectations can continue to be met. Our        exposed, which are often difficult to forecast
Company’s vision, however, remains the same          accurately. Although the Board considers that the
– to be the national leader in the provision of      Company remains financially viable in the short
sustainable water and wastewater services.           term, it unanimously agreed that the FD does not
It is a primary duty of the Board to balance the     enable NWL to maintain the sustainable financial
interests of all our stakeholders fairly, whilst     resilience required to ensure that it can continue
meeting our fiduciary duties as directors. As        over the longer term to provide the reliable and
Chairman, I believe the Board strikes the required   high quality services that our customers need
balance very well, assisted by the robust            and rightly expect of us.
governance arrangements we have in place,
which are set out in detail in our Corporate
Governance report.
                                                      STRATEGIC REPORT   5




Therefore, as a measure of last resort, on 14
February 2020, the Company rejected the FD and
asked Ofwat to refer it for redetermination by the
Competition and Markets Authority (CMA). This
process is underway as I write this statement and
we expect to know the outcome no later than




                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
March 2021.
Notwithstanding the CMA appeal, it is our people
that are our ‘front-line’ and NWL’s performance
depends entirely on their continued engagement,
initiative and hard work. I would like to sincerely
thank all our employees for their dedication and
commitment this year, and in particular given the
tremendous challenges posed by Covid-19.
Finally, I would like to welcome Mike Porter, who
joined us on 29 June 2020 as Chief Financial
Officer, and express the Board’s appreciation for
the valuable contributions made by Frank Frame
as a Non-Executive Director (NED) between 2011
and 2019 and Chris Johns as Finance Director
between 2013 and 2020. Frank retired from the
Board at the end of 2019 and Chris stepped down
in May this year. We wish them both well for the
future.
I hope you find our Annual Report and Financial




                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
Statements interesting and helpful.




A J Hunter
Chairman




                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT         6




CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER’S REVIEW

                                                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT
Our vision is to be the national leader in the provision
of sustainable water and wastewater services, and
I am delighted that we have made further progress
towards this vision during 2019/20, and remain one of
the leaders in our industry.
                                                     to share vital information and a variety of online
                                                     tools to bring our people together. Guides such as
                                                     the Health & Wellbeing Guide were delivered in
                                                     interactive formats to encourage employee take
                                                     up.
                                                     We understand how difficult this time has been
                                                     for many of our customers and we built on our
                                                     existing ‘Water without the Worry’ campaign




                                                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                     through direct communications to customers. We
                                                     were able to offer payment breaks to over 6,000
                                                     customers and apply our social tariffs to 2,000
                                                     customers with affordability issues. We also
                                                     signed up 4,000 extra customers to our Priority
                                                     Services Register to reflect their circumstances.
                                                     We have built on other customer messages such
                                                     as ‘Bin The Wipe’ to reinforce that, even during
 H Mottram
                                                     toilet roll shortages, other materials should not be
                                                     flushed down the toilet.
But before I review some of the achievements we
are most proud of this year and look forward to      Our purpose is not only to deliver this essential
the year ahead, I would like to talk about the       service for customers, but also to make a wider
impact of the current Covid-19 pandemic and          contribution to support our communities and
how we have responded to the many challenges         enhance the environment we all depend on. The
it has created.                                      impact of the pandemic has brought this
                                                     responsibility into even sharper focus.
                                                     Recognising this we were one of the first
COVID-19
                                                     businesses to sign the ‘C-19 Business Pledge’ (see




                                                                                                              STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
During this time the vital importance of             page 7). This pledge commits us to supporting our
delivering clean water and safely taking away        customers, employees and communities as our
wastewater has perhaps never been so clear. I am     part in helping the country pull through the
incredibly proud of how our teams and partners       Covid-19 crisis.
have come together to continue to provide our
                                                     We chose as a business not to furlough any staff,
customers with this essential public service in
                                                     with those who could not carry on their normal
the face of the pandemic.
                                                     work either trained to support other parts of the
Keeping our employees safe was our first priority,   business or given the opportunity to help others
and we were able to quickly enable our customer      in our communities. This included delivering
and support teams to work from home, in line         essential food and prescriptions, and making
with government guidance, as well as taking          welfare phone calls to vulnerable, isolated people.
measures to ensure that our operational and field
                                                     The Covid-19 situation is not over yet and we will
workers could continue to carry out their
                                                     continue to respond to government guidance as it
essential work safely. We utilised multiple
                                                     develops and ensure that we keep delivering our
communication channels to keep our people
                                                     key services safely, and look after our employees,
informed and engaged, using daily email updates
                                                     customers and communities.
                                                                               STRATEGIC REPORT   7




OUR C-19 PLEDGE
Making OVER £1,000,000 of support available during


                                                                                                      STRATEGIC REPORT
the COVID-19 pandemic

This matches our commitment as one of the first signatories of the C-19 Business Pledge




                                                                                                      GOVERNANCE REPORT




                                                                                                      STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT      8




OUR PERFORMANCE IN 2019/20                           Innovate East event with Anglian Water. I am
                                                     delighted to see ideas from our earlier events
We have been through a major transformation
                                                     coming through into practical use within our
programme in our customer teams over the past
                                                     business, such as our Digital Twin to help us
few years. This year we followed the
                                                     better understand our customers’ experience of
implementation of our new customer contact and
                                                     our services. We have also gone global this year,
billing system with our new operational contact




                                                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                     launching our Amplify platform and opening up
and planning system and, at the same time, we’ve
                                                     real life challenges for people around the world to
launched our new digital platforms. As with any
                                                     work on solutions.
major change programme this has required a
huge amount of effort and learning from our          The common theme running through all of these
people and I would like to personally thank the      achievements is that they are the result of the
project and business teams for their tremendous      hard work that our people put in every single day.
efforts.                                             Through our Great Place To Work (GPTW) strategy
                                                     we aspire for all of our people to have a great
These systems give us a much improved platform
                                                     experience at work, to understand the part they
to engage with our customers in the way they
                                                     play to achieve our vision and to deliver an
choose, but our most important asset in providing
                                                     unrivalled customer experience. We were
unrivalled customer experience is our people.
                                                     delighted to be recognised as the top place to
With our Just Add You approach, we’re taking
                                                     work in our northern operating region at the
best practice approaches and tailoring them to
                                                     North East Best Places to Work awards.
deliver what our customers have told us are their
top priorities. I believe this sets us up well to
deliver against, the new more holistic measure of
customer experience (C-MeX).
We made steady improvements across almost all
of our targets in our water business, meeting our
leakage targets again in both of our operating




                                                                                                           GOVERNANCE REPORT
regions and continuing long term improvements
in reducing contacts related to the appearance
and smell of our water. We have continued to lead
the way on water efficiency adding our ‘Leaky
Loos’ campaign to our existing ‘Every Drop
Counts’ message.
While we continued our strong environmental
performance, we have continued to focus on
sewer flooding, which is one of the worst service
failures our customers can experience. Our Bin
the Wipe campaign is aimed at changing
customer behaviour to avoid blockages and I have
been really impressed by some of the early
results where we have targeted three hot spot
areas with different innovative approaches. We
will look to build on this over the coming year.
I was pleased to have the opportunity to speak at




                                                                                                           STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Water UK’s Delivering a Zero Carbon Water Sector
conference earlier this year. Our business is
embedded in the environment and it is
something we, as an industry, care about
passionately. We met our previous target to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 2020 by a
considerable margin, through our investment in
generating energy from sewage sludge and
commitment to sourcing renewable energy. We
have now set ourselves a really challenging
target of being net zero carbon by 2027, but I’m
very pleased with the real progress we are
making.
Innovation remains key to improving our long
term performance. We hosted our third
Innovation Festival in 2019, and also held a joint
                                                                                STRATEGIC REPORT      9




LOOKING FORWARD
We are now entering the next five year cycle of our sector. I am still extremely proud of Our Plan, the
engagement we had with over 400,000 customers in developing it, and of the ambitious goals and
significant bill reductions we set out as a result. However, our Board decided unanimously that Ofwat’s
FD did not adequately reflect what our customers said were their priorities and we asked Ofwat to
refer its FD to the CMA.




                                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT
This will not distract us from our focus which remains, as always, on our customers and continuing to
deliver an unrivalled service for them. Our goals are ambitious and so we need to push on and put our
efforts firmly on delivering against the outcomes which our customers told us were so important to
them, which are set out on page 16 of this report.
We know we are building on strong foundations in many areas, such as leakage and our
environmental performance, where we have been performing strongly for a number of years. Equally
we know we have to improve our performance across other areas such as water quality and sewer
flooding in order to meet our stretching Performance Commitments (PCs) and industry-leading
ambitions, but our plans are already underway.
We are proud of the improvements we have made over the past five years, but we are never
complacent and are focused on delivering the ambitious goals we’ve set for the next five years and
beyond. I hope you find our Annual Report and Financial Statements helpful and informative.




                                                                                                          GOVERNANCE REPORT
H Mottram CBE
CEO




                                                                                                          STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  This Annual Report and Financial Statements is just one of a suite of documents we have published
  to provide our stakeholders with easily accessible information on our performance and governance.
  We have also published:
  Annual Performance Report: setting out how we have performed against the commitments we
  made in our Business Plan for 2015-20 and how we are continually striving to improve the services
  we deliver to our customers and our business Outcomes. There is also an accessible summary
  version.
  Our Contribution Report: presenting the social, environmental and economic impact we have on
  the communities we serve.
  Data Assurance Summary: explaining how we ensure that the information we report is accurate,
  clear and transparent and deliver against the commitments in Our Assurance Plan.
  All of these documents are available on our websites at.www.nwg.co.uk.
                                                                                STRATEGIC REPORT       10




BUSINESS OVERVIEW
Our vision is to be the national leader in sustainable


                                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT
water and wastewater services.

We provide water and wastewater services to our customers in the north east of England, trading as
Northumbrian Water (NW), and water services only to our customers in the south east of England,
trading as Essex & Suffolk Water (ESW).

                                                                       We employ over 3,000 people


                                                   NW supplies water and wastewater services to
                                                   2.7 million people in the major population
                                                   centres of Tyneside, Wearside and Teesside as
                                                   well as the large rural areas of Northumberland
                                                   and County Durham. We provide wastewater
                                                   services only in Hartlepool.



                                                                ESW supplies water services to




                                                                                                            GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                1.6 million people in Essex and
                                                                0.3 million in Suffolk. Our Essex
                                                                area is part rural and part urban
                                                                and includes the main population
                                                                centres of Chelmsford, Southend
                                                                and the London Boroughs of
                                                                Barking and Dagenham and
                                                                Havering and Redbridge. Our
                                                                Suffolk area is mainly rural with
                                                                the largest towns being Great
                                                                Yarmouth and Lowestoft.



                                                                We operate and maintain:
                                                                • 53 water treatment works;
                                                                • 394 water pumping stations;




                                                                                                            STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                • 341 water service reservoirs;
                                                                • 26,200km of water mains;
                                                                • 410 sewage treatment works;
                                                                • 1,007 sewage pumping stations;
                                                                  and
                                                                • 30,106km of sewers.



                                                     Every day we supply 1.1 billion litres of water


NWL is part of the Northumbrian Water Group (NWG or the Group). Further information about the
structure and ownership of NWG is provided on page 54 of this report.
                                             STRATEGIC REPORT       11




OUR HIGHLIGHTS


                                                                         STRATEGIC REPORT
    SUPPORTING                        RATED TOP WATER &
    CUSTOMERS THROUGH                 SEWERAGE COMPANY
    COVID-19                          BY CCWATER
    Kept essential services running   Top water and sewerage
    and supported customers in        company in first CCWater
    difficult circumstances           Water Mark assessment


                                      ONE OF WORLD’S
    THINK DIGITAL                     MOST ETHICAL
                                      COMPANIES
    New customer websites
    launched during the year          Only water and wastewater
                                      company in the world on
                                      Ethisphere list


    THIRD INNOVATION




                                                                         GOVERNANCE REPORT
    FESTIVAL PLUS                     EMPLOYER OF THE
    INNOVATE EAST                     YEAR
    Industry leading approach         2019 North East Business
    to Innovation and first joint     Women of the Year Awards.
    event with Anglian Water



                                      BEST PLACE TO
    100% OF SEWAGE                    WORK IN THE
    SLUDGE CONVERTED                  NORTH EAST
    TO RENEWABLE
                                      Number 1 in the Top 50
    ENERGY                            places to work at the North
    Benefitting customers and         East Best Places to Work
    the environment                   awards.




                                                                         STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    NET ZERO CARBON
    BY 2027
    Programme underway to
    deliver challenging net zero
    target
                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT            12




BUSINESS MODEL


                                                                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT
              CUSTOMER
               FOCUSED
              We aim to exceed
             the expectations of                                                      OUR THEMES
              our external and
                   internal
                 customers.


               CREATIVE
              We continuously                                                                       CUSTOMER

                                                    UR VISION
                 strive for
              innovative and
               better ways to                   O
                deliver our
                 business.                                                            ENVIRONMENT

                                               Our vision is to ‘be the




OUR VALUES
                RESULTS                   national leader in the provision
                 DRIVEN                       of sustainable water and




                                                                                                                           GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                                    COMPETITIVENESS
              We take personal            wastewater services’. We want
              responsibility for           to continue to deliver value to
                 achieving                      customers and other
             excellent business
                   results.                   stakeholders by focusing
                                                                                       PEOPLE
                                            on our core competencies of
                ETHICAL                        water and wastewater
              We are open and
             honest in meeting                                                                      COMMUNITIES
             our commitments,
             with a responsible
              approach to the
             environment and
             our communities.                                                         REPUTATION


               ONE TEAM
             We work together
               consistently,
              promoting co-
               operation, to
                achieve our
                 corporate
                objectives.




                                                                                                                           STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                            OUR PURPOSE
             Water is life. Every living cell on earth needs water to survive. The single most essential
             ingredient for human life to thrive, is clean drinking water. Our work is instrumental in
                          fulﬁlling our basic human needs and protecting the source of life.
                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT       13




OUR PURPOSE
Water is life. Every living cell on earth needs water


                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
to survive. The single most essential ingredient for
human life to thrive, is clean drinking water. Our work
is instrumental in fulfilling our basic human needs
and protecting the source of life.

WE ARE CUSTODIANS OF WATER                            WE ARE COMMITTED TO DELIVERING
                                                      WORLD-CLASS CUSTOMER SERVICE
Delivering reliable and resilient services that are
vital to public health.                               Giving unrivalled customer experiences
                                                      every time.
We are the caretakers of water in our regions. Our
practical purpose is to supply safe clean water,      We strive to lead in customer service in our own
and remove and treat wastewater so that our           industry and beyond. Customer service is core to
communities enjoy excellent public health.            our brand, values and culture. Our customers are
Safeguarding the supply for future generations        supported to participate fully in our business,
requires innovation, anticipating and instigating     designing the services they receive, while our
change and making the right decisions for the         people know what is expected of them, and want




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
long term. We set effective and sustainable           our customers to always have complete trust and
targets to match our ambition, always                 confidence in what we do. We own a customer’s
considering the legacy we leave.                      problem, keep our promises and show each
                                                      customer that they are special by focusing on
WE ARE STEWARDS OF THE                                individual needs.
ENVIRONMENT
                                                      WE ARE THE LIFEBLOOD THAT
Valuing the natural capital and ecosystems we         FLOWS THROUGH OUR COMMUNITIES
depend on.
                                                      Demonstrating our value and making a wider
We hold ourselves to account on an ambitious set      contribution to society.
of indicators designed to protect and improve the
environment within our regions. We recognise          We are integral to our communities, always
the significant contribution we can make to           listening to our customers so we understand
reducing pollution, generating renewable energy,      what matters most to them and their
preventing flooding and improving public access       expectations of us as a business that delivers
to recreation. Going beyond compensating for          public value. We are driven to protect the most
loss of natural resources, our activities should      vulnerable people in our society by eliminating
have a lasting positive impact on the natural         water poverty and reducing any worries they




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
environment.                                          face. Working, living and volunteering in our
                                                      regions helps us to understand and positively
                                                      impact the wellbeing of the communities we
                                                      serve.
                                                      WE ENABLE EXTRAORDINARY
                                                      LEADERS
                                                      Empowering people to know their purpose.
                                                      Working with a sense of purpose gives our people
                                                      personal fulfilment. We foster a high performing
                                                      culture and value diverse perspectives and skills.
                                                      We support our leaders to develop high emotional
                                                      intelligence, empowering our people to behave
                                                      responsibly. Our people are held to account for
                                                      living out our purpose, vision and values.
                                                                               STRATEGIC REPORT    14




TAKING OUR PURPOSE
FORWARD

                                                                                                        STRATEGIC REPORT
We want our purpose statement to effectively convey
what we stand for in historical, ethical, emotional and
practical terms.

We want to be sure it resonates with our            Our next steps will be to carry out detailed work
customers, stakeholders and employees not only      involving senior executive leaders and board
now but into the future. This will ensure it        members in the business to examine our purpose
continues to fit with our Vision and Values,        statement, and to consult with our employees,
demonstrating to all how we deliver public value.   stakeholders and customers on how to keep it
                                                    powerful and relevant. As we move beyond our
Over recent months we have further reviewed         immediate response to the Covid-19 pandemic,
best practice, looking not just at corporate        we will put these actions into place.
reporting guidance, but considering how other
companies are addressing purpose to ensure we
can demonstrate we are leading in this area. We
have also engaged with organisations that are
driving purpose across the business sector,




                                                                                                        GOVERNANCE REPORT
including the Confederation of British Industry
(CBI), Business in the Community (BiTC), and This
is Purpose, through the Social Mobility Pledge
and more recently the C-19 Business Pledge.
Through this we have confirmed that our purpose
continues to drive our business effectively, and
also identified how we should look at our purpose
statement to ensure it fully encapsulates and
communicates this ethos.




                                                                                                        STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT     15




OUR OUTCOMES: 2015-2020
THEME             OUTCOME




                                                                                                                    STRATEGIC REPORT
                  • We deliver water and sewerage services that meet the needs of current and future
                    generations in a changing world.
                  • We supply clean, clear drinking water that tastes good.
                  • We provide a reliable and sufficient supply of water.
                  • Our customers consider the services they receive to be value for money.
 CUSTOMER
                  • Our customers are well informed about the services they receive and the value of
                    their water.
                  • We provide a sewerage service that deals effectively with sewage and heavy rainfall.
                  • We provide excellent service and impress our customers.


                  • We help improve the quality of rivers and coastal waters for the benefit of people, the
                    environment and wildlife.
                  • We protect and enhance the environment in delivering our services, leading by example.


ENVIRONMENT




                                                                                                                    GOVERNANCE REPORT
                  • We are an efficient and innovative company.
                  • Our finances are sound, stable and achieve a fair balance between customers
                    and investors.


COMPETITIVENESS




                  • Our people are talented, committed and inspired to deliver great services to customers.
                  • Our people act in line with our values.
                  • We are seen as a great place to work.
                  • Our workplaces are healthy and safe.

  PEOPLE



                  • We are proud to contribute to the success of local communities.




                                                                                                                    STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                  • We work in partnership towards common goals.




 COMMUNITIES




                  •	We are a company that customers trust.




REPUTATION
                                                                                STRATEGIC REPORT      16




OUR OUTCOMES: 2020-25


                                                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT
UNRIVALLED                                           AFFORDABLE
CUSTOMER                                             AND INCLUSIVE
EXPERIENCE                                           SERVICES
Our customers’ expectations are rising, and what     Water and sewerage services should be affordable
customers want from us is changing too. We will      for all of our customers, whatever their
deliver a package of measures to support our aim     circumstances, and they should all have equal
to deliver an unrivalled customer experience.        access to an unrivalled customer experience.




                                                                                                           GOVERNANCE REPORT
RELIABLE AND                                         LEADING IN
RESILIENT                                            INNOVATION
SERVICES                                             Super-charging our innovation culture is
                                                     essential if we are to continue to deliver
We will continue to deliver reliable and resilient   unrivalled experiences within the context
services by anticipating change, planning ahead,     of rising customer expectations, technological
and by making the right long-term decisions          advances and changing political and
about how to run our business.                       physical climates.




                                                                                                           STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
IMPROVING THE                                        BUILDING
ENVIRONMENT                                          SUCCESSFUL
We will create a step change in our                  ECONOMIES IN
environmental activities, building on our role as
stewards of the environment to demonstrate           OUR REGIONS
leadership, and to protect and improve the
environment within our regions.                      As a responsible business with a strong track
                                                     record, it is important to us that we demonstrate
                                                     leadership and make a wider contribution to life
                                                     within our regions.
                                                                               STRATEGIC REPORT     17




OUR STAKEHOLDERS
We provide essential services to our customers and,


                                                                                                         STRATEGIC REPORT
as a licensed water and wastewater undertaker, we
operate within a strict regulatory environment.
It is very important to us that we understand the   Council for Water (CCWater). We share and review
needs of our many stakeholders to ensure that we    customer literature with them before publication
continue to provide a great service and deliver     and engage on how we support vulnerable
our business Outcomes. We engage proactively        customers, as well as holding quarterly liaison
with all of our stakeholders in our continuing      meetings and attending regional public meetings.
efforts to provide an unrivalled customer           During the year, their Chief Executive attended a
experience.                                         round table on water poverty and we also met to
                                                    discuss readiness for the new C-MeX and
                                                    Developer Services Measure of Experience
CUSTOMER VOICE                                      (D-MeX) performance measures.
Customer participation was fundamental to the
development of our Business Plan strategy for the
2020-25 Price Review (PR19), helping us to
understand what matters most to customers           GOVERNMENT AND REGULATORY
about the services we provide, which areas of the   CONTEXT




                                                                                                         GOVERNANCE REPORT
business they would most like to influence and
the best ways for us to engage with them. We        Ofwat regulates prices and levels of customer
engaged with over 400,000 of our customers to       service. We engage on key issues such as market
help shape our Business Plan through various        reform and future price controls as well as the
means including design sprints, co-creation         need to demonstrate strong governance and the
workshops and focus groups, with 91% of             importance of maintaining the trust and
customers accepting our Business Plan.              confidence of our customers. This is achieved
                                                    through formal processes, such as our Annual
We have continued to engage with our customers      Performance Report (APR) and responding to
on an ongoing basis, through workshops, surveys,    consultations, regular account management calls
social media and face to face using Flo, our        and participating in the marketplace for ideas. In
customer engagement vehicle. The launch of our      2019 we hosted the Ofwat Chief Executive on a
new websites and customer app has created           visit to our Innovation Festival and Chair on a
further engagement channels and we have been        visit to Innovate East. We also participated in
able to act quickly to incorporate feedback from    Ofwat’s key campaigns covering innovation,
customers into website enhancements. Examples       resilience, customer participation and water
of engagement activities which have taken place     stories.
this year included our Whole Town Approach in
Ashington and Leigh-on-Sea (see page 30), the       The Drinking Water Inspectorate (DWI) monitors




                                                                                                         STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Customer Zone at our Innovation Festival and        drinking water quality and we engage at both an
Age UK events to share matters such as our          operational and strategic level to review
Priority Services Register.                         performance and promote good practice, in
                                                    addition to reviewing specific improvement
The Water Forum brings together a range of          schemes. In addition, The DWI Chief Inspector
experts from various stakeholders to challenge      attended our Innovation Festival.
the Company on behalf of our customers. It
informs our approach to customer research and       The Environment Agency (EA) regulates
engagement on matters such as social tariffs        environmental protection and we liaise on our
research, attend customer participation             environmental performance, discharge
workshops and partnership events as well as         compliance, pollution and sewer flooding. In
more formal meetings with management.               addition to regular performance reviews, we have
Through this it provides challenge on areas         worked collaboratively through catchment
where performance and outcomes for customers        partnerships and local partnerships such as the
could be improved.                                  Northumbrian Integrated Drainage Partnership
                                                    (NIDP). One particular area of engagement over
On a national and regional basis, customers’        the past year has been in relation to Drainage and
interests are represented by the Consumer           Wastewater Management Planning.
                                                                                   STRATEGIC REPORT      18




OUR PEOPLE AND SUPPLY CHAIN                            CIVIL SOCIETY
PARTNERS                                               We engage with government and policy makers,
We engage with our employees both through our          through briefings site visits and party conference
Employee Relations Framework and via a range           events, to ensure there is a good understanding of
of communication channels, such as team                the services we deliver and the key issues facing
briefings, director roadshows and regular internal     our sector. We also work closely with local




                                                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT
communications. This covers a wide range of            authorities through regular meetings at a senior
subjects from health, safety and wellbeing and         level as well as more technical meetings on
staff benefits to values and behaviours and            matters such as planning, flooding risk
diversity. Our approach is described in more           mitigation and economic development matters.
detail in the Performance Review section, under        Activities in the year included our partnership on
the People heading on pages 42 to 49.                  developing underground asset map in the North
                                                       East and a joint conference with developers to
To meet the challenges of delivering our AMP6          discuss planning and regulatory issues.
(Asset Management Plan) capital investment
programme as efficiently and effectively as            We work closely with many non-government
possible, we implemented a new operating model         organisations and charities to deliver our
with our supply chain, based around collaboration      corporate social responsibility commitments and
and co-operation. This involves joint framework        build strong relationships with the communities
governance groups, integrated programme                we serve. Our activity in this area is explained in
delivery teams, joint recruitment campaigns and        detail in Our Contribution Report, available on our
a joint framework for Health and Safety (H&S). In      websites, and is summarised on pages 50 and 51
the year we carried out joint initiatives and          under the Communities heading of our
approaches to health, safety and welfare, such as      Performance Review.
mental health first aiders, fire safety officers and   We work with the media to help communicate
psychological health checks.                           messages to our customers through news
                                                       releases, case studies and social media




                                                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                       messaging. This covers a wide range of subjects
                                                       such as the local impacts of capital investment
                                                       schemes, environmental and community
                                                       investment. Coverage in the year included
                                                       campaigns such as Refill and Every Drop Counts
                                                       as well as issues such as the flushability of wipes.


                                                       INVESTORS
                                                       We are conscious of our duty to act in the best
                                                       interests of our shareholders and we seek to
                                                       achieve a fair balance between them and our
                                                       customers and other stakeholders, including debt
                                                       investors.




                                                                                                              STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT     19




SECTION 172 STATEMENT
The Directors of the Company have a duty to promote


                                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT
the success of the Company for the benefit of its
members as a whole, as set out in Section 172 of the
Companies Act 2006.
In doing so, the Directors must have regard to the    which was called ‘Living water: Our plan 2020-25
needs of, and impact on, our many stakeholders        and beyond’, and shaped the Board’s responses to
and other matters described in the section. This      the PR19 Draft and Final Determinations (see Key
Section 172(1) Statement has been prepared in         Decision – CMA Referral below).
accordance with new requirement established by
                                                      During the year, the Board considered delivery
the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting)
                                                      strategies for the ambitious goals set out in the
Regulations 2018 to describe how the Directors
                                                      Business Plan. One example was the approval of
have had regard to the matters set out in section
                                                      an updated energy strategy which will underpin
172(1)(a) to (f) of the Companies Act when
                                                      delivery of the commitment to be carbon neutral
performing this duty.
                                                      by 2027, and additional investment in solar power
                                                      towards that goal. Another example was the
HOW THE BOARD OPERATES                                Board discussion of how the Company is getting
                                                      value from innovation to support delivery of
The Governance Report on pages 64 to 104




                                                                                                            GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                      ambitious goals set out in the Business Plan.
describes how the Board has operated during the
year, and describes how the Board has:                The Board, through its Risk & Compliance Sub-
                                                      committee (R&CSC), monitors the principal risks
• established the Company’s purpose, strategy         and uncertainties facing the business including
  and values, and is satisfied that these and its     longer-term strategic risks. A detailed review of
  culture reflect the needs of all those it serves;   the Strategic Risk Register is carried out each
• taken full responsibility for all aspects of the    year, most recently in November 2019, which
  Company’s business over the long term;              considers horizon scanning reports from external
                                                      sources. This year, two additional longer term
• demonstrated leadership and an approach to
                                                      risks were considered related to plastics pollution
  transparency and governance which engenders
                                                      and the increasing reliance on global data
  trust and ensures accountability for their
                                                      platforms.
  actions; and
                                                      The Board closely monitors the financial position
• the range of skills and experience, including
                                                      of the business through a rolling five year plan,
  strong independent membership, enabling it to
                                                      whilst also considering longer term financial
  make decisions that address diverse customer
                                                      resilience over a ten year time horizon as
  and stakeholder needs.
                                                      explained in the viability statement on page 102
                                                      and 103.




                                                                                                            STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
LONG-TERM PLANNING HORIZON
The nature of our business requires a long term       STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
view to be taken on matters such as water
resources and drainage management planning.           The Company has a wide range of stakeholders
This long term perspective underpinned the            and we describe how we engage proactively with
Board’s strategy for the PR19 Business Plan,          these groups in Our Stakeholder section on pages
                                                      17 and 18. Engagement with our stakeholders was

Key Decision – Purpose Statement
The Board has discussed and refined the Company’s purpose statement and the updated version is set
out on page 13. This was informed by the extensive consultation process carried out in the
development of the PR19 Business Plan, with responses from over 400,000 customers and well as the
Water Forum stakeholder group, regulators, employees, supplier and other partners. The Board ensured
that the vision, corporate themes and values aligned to the purpose, as visualised in the business model
on page 12.
                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT      20




central to ‘Living water: Our plan 2020-25 and        Examples of stakeholder matters considered by
beyond’, which was shaped by responses from           the Board during the year included:
more than 400,000 customers as well as our
                                                      • Customers: updates on the short term impacts
Water Forum stakeholder, regulators, employees
                                                        on customer service due to the implementation
and other partners. Through this process, the
                                                        of new systems, the benefits from investment
Board agreed stretching performance
                                                        in new digital platforms and efforts to extend




                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
commitments to deliver improved service to
                                                        engagement on social tariffs, especially for low
stakeholders across a wide range of measures,
                                                        income pensioners (see pages 25 to 33 for more
which the Board monitors through the balanced
                                                        information on Customer matters);
scorecard (see page 22 and 23).
                                                      • Environment: the Board approved the updated
Much of the stakeholder engagement takes place
                                                        energy strategy to deliver net zero carbon
at an operational level, the Board receiving
                                                        emissions by 2027 and monitored performance
regular reports in respect of customer service,
                                                        on a range of environmental performance
operational performance, health and safety and
                                                        targets (see pages 34 to 38 for more
key risks, such as data security of customer and
                                                        information on Environment matters);
employee data. However, the Board also takes
steps to engage directly with employees and           • Employees: the health and safety of employees
customers, as described on page 74, with one            is the first matter considered by the Board at
Independent NED (INED),, M Fay, designated to           each meeting, including performance against
engage with the workforce and to provide the            leading and lagging indicators and progress
Board with a first-hand assessment of the culture       against the Everyone Home Safe Every Day
of the business.                                        Strategy (see pages 42 to 49 for more
                                                        information on Employee matters);
The Board reviews company performance across
a wide range of subjects at each meeting through      • Community: consideration of sustainability
the balanced scorecard (see pages 22 and 23),           matters and the impacts on the local
which tracks performance across our corporate           community when approving capital projects




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
themes of Customer, Environment,                        and contracts (see pages 50 to 52 for more
Competitiveness, People and Communities, and            information on Community matters pages);
also through management reports on health and           and
safety, finance, customer, regulation and
                                                      • Suppliers: new contract awards including
operational performance. This provides a
                                                        extension of long term framework agreements,
balanced view of performance across matters of
                                                        value of innovation partnerships and approval
interest to each of our key stakeholder groups.
                                                        of Slavery and Human Trafficking statement to
                                                        ensure transparency in supply chains

Key Decision – CMA Referral
In February 2020, the Board decided unanimously to ask Ofwat to refer its PR19 FD to the CMA for
review. This followed discussions at a series of Board meetings. The Business Plan was developed
taking account of the views of more than 400,000 customers and other stakeholders. Our customers’ key
priorities were efficient costs and assurance that water and wastewater services would be robust,
deliverable and resilient for the future. The Board agreed that the FD did not properly reflect the views
and priorities of customers, or the need for long term operational, environmental and financial
sustainability. The Board took account of the trade off between lower customer bills in the short-term




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
and long term resilience but felt strongly that the FD fell well short of what customers clearly stated
were their priorities.


S172 DUTY
The Directors of NWL consider, both individually and together, that they have acted to promote the long
term success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole during the year ended 31 March
2020, in accordance with their duties under S172 of the Companies Act.


Key Decision – Alignment of Remuneration to Stakeholder Benefits
The Board, through its Remuneration Committee, has agreed changes to the structures of both its short
term and long term incentive plans for senior executives, in order to provide greater alignment to
delivering benefits for customers and other key stakeholder groups. In both cases, with effect from
2020/21, 60% of benefits under the schemes will relate to non-financial measures taken from the
balanced scorecard. These measures align directly to benefit customers, the environment, our
employees and the communities we operate in.
                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT        21




PERFORMANCE REVIEW
In order to measure delivery of the Company


                                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT
Business Plan and goals, we use a balanced scorecard
of Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) covering the full
range of our strategic themes.

The top section of the Performance table on        our performance but not incurred a penalty, and
pages 22 to 23 (with a blue header block) shows    ( ) where we have not met our performance and
our performance against the Outcomes, Measures     have incurred a penalty.
of Success (MoS) and PCs we agreed in the PR14
                                                   The bottom section (with a green header block)
price review.
                                                   reports our performance against our internal
We are pleased that once again we have achieved    targets under our Competitiveness, People and
the majority of our performance targets in the     Communities Outcomes.
period, and shown year on year improvement on
                                                   We have reviewed and revised our Balanced
many of our important customer targets,
                                                   Scorecard for 2020/21, taking account of the MoS
including leakage, discolouration, mains bursts
                                                   and PCs set in our PR19 FD. Though we track a
and value for money. However, we aim to achieve
                                                   wide number of metrics in our business, we have
all of our PCs and we are always disappointed
                                                   reduced the number of key indicators to focus on




                                                                                                          GOVERNANCE REPORT
when our performance doesn’t meet our targets,
                                                   the most important matters to our customers.
albeit narrowly in some cases. We show ( ) where
                                                   The new targets are listed on page 24.
we have met our performance against our
promise in that year, ( ) where we have not met




                                                                                                          STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     STRATEGIC REPORT    22




ACTUAL PERFORMANCE AGAINST THE KPI TARGETS


 SCORECARD MEASURE                         UNITS             2018/19                   2019/20
                                                        PERFORMANCE         PC    PERFORMANCE    ACHIEVED




                                                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT
 CUSTOMER

 We provide excellent service and impress our customers

 Ofwat Service Incentive        score (out of 100)              85.9      >=90             n/a     n/a
 Mechanism (SIM)

 Independent overall             score (out of 10)               8.7      >=8.2            8.6
 customer satisfaction
 survey

 Domestic customer                          score               +43       >=32            +40
 satisfaction, net promoter
 score

 Independent survey on                         %                  93      >=94              93
 keeping customers informed


 Our customers consider the services they receive to be value for money

 NWL independent value for       score (out of 10)               8.2      >=7.9            8.1
 money survey




                                                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT
 CCWater value for money                       %                  75      >=83              79
 survey – Water NW

 CCWater value for money                       %                  78      >=84              84
 survey – Sewerage NW

 CCWater value for money                       %                  71      >=73              76
 survey – Water ESW

 We supply clean, clear drinking water that tastes good

 Overall drinking water                        %              99.949        100         99.915
 compliance

 Discoloured water              no. of complaints              2,594   <=2,908           2,349
 complaints

 Satisfaction with taste and    no. of complaints              1,060      <=987            862
 odour of tap water

 We provide a reliable and sufficient supply of water




                                                                                                              STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 Leakage – NW                              Ml/day              136.3      <=137          134.8

 Leakage – ESW                             Ml/day               64.2      <=66            63.2

 Interruptions to water         average minutes/               09:12   <=05:00           06:08
 supply for more than 3                 property
 hours

 Properties experiencing         no. of properties               200      <=216            220
 poor water pressure

 Water mains bursts             no. of burst mains             3,853   <=4,586           2,817




table continued…
                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT         23




SCORECARD MEASURE                          UNITS           2018/19                          2019/20
                                                      PERFORMANCE            PC       PERFORMANCE       ACHIEVED


We provide a sewerage service that deals effectively with sewage and heavy rainfall

Properties flooded                no. of properties             902     <=1,318               1,001




                                                                                                                        STRATEGIC REPORT
externally

Properties flooded internally     no. of properties             124       <=186                 139


Repeat sewer flooding             no. of properties              60       <=496                  75

Properties flooded                no. of properties           2,967     <=2,931               3,102
externally – transferred
network (TDS)

Properties flooded internally     no. of properties             246       <=228                 205
(TDS)

Sewer collapses                            number                49        <=58                  50

Sewer collapses (TDS)                      number                59        <=84                  63

ENVIRONMENT

We help improve the quality of rivers and coastal waters for the benefit of people, the environment and wildlife

Pollution incidents (category              number                59       <=115                  63
3)




                                                                                                                        GOVERNANCE REPORT
Bathing water quality                no. sufficient              33        >=34                  33
compliance

Sewage treatment works            no. failing works               0            0                   2
discharge compliance

We protect and enhance the environment

Greenhouse gas emissions                   ktCO2e               148       <=150                 139

SCORECARD MEASURE                          UNITS            2018/19                         2019/20
                                                      PERFORMANCE        TARGET       PERFORMANCE       ACHIEVED

COMPETITIVENESS

Gearing: net debt to Regulatory                 %              67.2       <=77.5                67.8
Capital Value (RCV)
Regulated gearing: net debt to                  %              66.8         <=70                67.2
RCV




                                                                                                                        STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Interest cover                               times               3.6       >=2.4                 4.0

PEOPLE

Employee engagement –                           %                n/a        >=65                  62
trust index

Employee engagement –                        score     One to Watch          n/a                 n/a       n/a
external survey

Lost time reportable accidents             number                 7          <=3                   7

COMMUNITIES

Ethisphere                           awarded/not           awarded      awarded             awarded
                                        awarded
                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT   24




MEASURES AND KPI TARGETS FOR 2020/21


SCORECARD MEASURE                                    UNITS            2020/21
                                                                      TARGET




                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT
CUSTOMER

C-MeX: Customer experience                          position            Top 2

C-MeX: Customer service                             position            Top 2

D-MeX: Developer services measure of experience     position            Top 2

Interruptions to supply > 3 hours                    mm:ss            <=05:24

Repeat sewer flooding incidents                     number              <=46

Internal sewer flooding incidents                   number             <=285

Compliance Risk Index (CRI)I                          score              <=2

ENVIRONMENT

Leakage (NW)                                           Ml/d           <=126.5

Leakage (ESW)                                          Ml/d            <=56.4

Discharge permit compliance                              %              >=99

Pollution events (Category 1&2)                     number               <=1




                                                                                  GOVERNANCE REPORT
Greenhouse gas emissions                            ktCO2e             <=57.2

SCORECARD MEASURE                                    UNITS            2020/21
                                                                      TARGET

COMPETITIVENESS

Gearing: net debt to RCV                                 %             <=77.5

Regulated gearing: net debt to RCV                       %              <=70

Interest cover                                        times             >=2.4

PEOPLE

Employee engagement index                                %              >=65

Lost time reportable accidents                      number               <=3

COMMUNITIES




                                                                                  STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Trust - BITC Platinum Plus / Ethisphere / CCWater   awarded           awarded
                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT      25




CUSTOMER
CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE                                  UNRIVALLED CUSTOMER
Ofwat has used its SIM to measure our customers’     EXPERIENCE




                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
experiences of dealing with us over recent years.    Our clear ambition is to provide an unrivalled
As part of its PR19 FD, Ofwat assessed SIM           customer experience to each and every customer,
performance for the four years from 2015/16 to       whatever their circumstances or needs, and
2018/19 and we were pleased to receive a positive    however they choose to contact us.
outperformance reward of 1.9% of retail revenue.     Understanding our customers’ preferences and
For future years, Ofwat has introduced a new         changing needs is key to our success in providing
customer measure of experience (C-MeX). In           an unrivalled customer experience to each and
addition to assessing service received, this is a    every one of our customers, whenever they
broader and more representative measure of           engage with us. This is encapsulated in our
customers’ wider experience and perception of        Unrivalled Customer Experience strategy and
our performance. C-MeX has operated in ‘shadow       informed by engagement with over 400,000
year’ for 2019/20, with no reward or penalty         customers through the development of our PR19
opportunity, to help companies and Ofwat to          Business Plan.
understand the new metric, and Ofwat published       We have continued to engage across our
updated guidelines as part of its FD. Our ambition   customer base, using our mobile customer
is to be in the top 2 companies for C-MeX. For the   engagement vehicle, Flo, to reach different
shadow year, we ranked 5 out of 17 water             groups. For example, we’ve attended events at
companies overall.                                   Newcastle, Durham and Northumbria universities
A separate measure has been introduced as a          to understand the needs of our student customers
                                                     and, as a result, developed specific web pages to




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
developer services measure of experience,
D-MeX, assessing the service that we provide to      better engage and inform them. Flo has also been
developer services customers, including property     a proven model to engage more widely in
developers, self-lay providers and those with new    understanding what our customers are interested
appointments and variations. This applies similar    in, such as key parts of our strategies in areas like
principles to C-MeX and has also operated in         water efficiency, and our Every Drop Counts
shadow reporting this year. Our ambition is to be    campaigns, to sewer flooding and our ‘Bin the
in the top position for D-MeX across the AMP. For    Wipe’ message. We’ve also used it as a vehicle to
the shadow year, based on data shared between        share more about our inclusivity strategies and to
water companies we were very pleased to be           encourage customers to talk with us about the
ranked 1 out of 17 for the qualitative score.        things that matter most to them.
                                                     We continue to work to evolve our thinking in
                                                     line with best practice, using the Institute of

“We provide excellent                                Customer Services’ UKCSI as a benchmark, and
                                                     working with organisations like KPMG to

service and impress                                  understand some of their international
                                                     benchmarking principles and measurements. We

our customers”                                       ran an Unrivalled Customer Experience sprint at
                                                     our Innovation Festival, bringing together key




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     speakers from across a number of industries and
                                                     from a number of key ‘north east’ companies,
                                                     ensuring we were aware of what businesses and
                                                     customers expect in 2020 and beyond, in respect
                                                     of service, experience and corporate social
                                                     responsibility.
                                                     Customers in 2020 and beyond are looking for
                                                     more and different things and we’re evolving our
                                                     thinking in order to reflect these nuanced
                                                     changes and providing leading edge thinking and
                                                     models. We are developing these ideas and
                                                     refreshing our Unrivalled Customer Experience
                                                     and Inclusivity strategies to help us continue to
                                                     meet our customers developing needs.
                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT      26




DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION                               CUSTOMER SATISFACTION AND
Over the past few years we have committed a          VALUE FOR MONEY
considerable investment in our transformational      Our aim is to deliver an unrivalled customer
change programme, ONCE (Our New Customer             experience and, in addition to our C-MeX
Experience), including the implementation of our     performance, we track various measures of
new Customer Care and Billing system. As with        customer satisfaction with the services we provide




                                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT
any significant change programme, the transition     and the value for money of those services.
from disparate legacy systems to an holistic suite
                                                     Our own customer satisfaction research is carried
of future-proofed and integrated systems
                                                     out quarterly by an independent company. Though
involved a steep learning curve for our people
                                                     our score fell slightly in the year from 8.7 to 8.6,
and took some time to stabilise, during which we
                                                     this remains a strong result and well above our PC.
saw some short term impacts on performance.
                                                     As an alternative indicator, we use Net Promoter
We invested in extra staff, training and support
                                                     Score to measure customer advocacy, the loyalty
as we worked through the changes, and are now
                                                     that exists between a company and its customers,
beginning to see the benefits of the increased       and our strong positive score of +40 ranks us
capabilities. We are also pleased that these         alongside leading UK businesses.
improvements have been recognised in our
meetings with CCWater and other stakeholders         Our customers tell us that it is important to keep
as well as in customer feedback.                     them well informed and 93% of our customers
                                                     have told us that they were satisfied that they are
Think Digital is a key component of our overall      supplied with all the information they need to feel
Unrivalled Customer Experience Strategy and          informed about the services we provide. We
one where we’ve driven significant improvement       engaged with more than 400,000 customers during
and engagement across the year. We’ve engaged        the development of our PR19 Business Plan to
with colleagues and customers through a number       Ofwat and continue to engage on an ongoing
of channels, including face-to-face interviews,      basis.
A-B testing, digital focus groups, customer




                                                                                                            GOVERNANCE REPORT
testing, online forum engagement to test ideas
and online digital challenges. We’ve aimed to        “Our customers consider
engage with different customer groups for this,
working with customers from school work              the services they receive
experience ‘future customer’ groups, to students,
to working customers to customers who have           to be value for money”
retired and we engaged with as part of our link
with Age UK.                                         Our customers have also told us that value for
                                                     money is very important to them, and this is a key
This culminated in the launch of our new             area where they would like to be involved in
websites in October 2019, moving to a new and        influencing our future plans. We use two surveys
agile platform with completely new customer          to help us assess whether our customers think we
journeys and experiences. This is a key part of      offer good value for money.
our digitalisation strategy, to give customers
                                                     CCWater carries out research with customers
access to channels of choice and the ability to
                                                     about the value for money of services provided. We
self-serve and engage with us in a new way. Our
                                                     were delighted to see significant increases in our
new websites have a completely new look and
                                                     scores in both our NW region, for water and
feel and customer feedback has been great. Since
                                                     sewerage services, and in our ESW region, for
go live we have worked to implement over 100




                                                                                                            STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     water only, where average bills are higher. We
enhancements to the customer experience on the       achieved our PC against two out of three of these
website, responding to customer suggestions. In      measures, for water services in our ESW area and
March 2020 we saw a record numbers of                wastewater services in our NW area, but were
transactions coming through the website and our      disappointed not to achieve our PC for water
new customer app, which we launched in               services in our NW region. We continue to strive to
February 2020.                                       keep bills at affordable levels and we describe our
                                                     work to support customers in vulnerable
                                                     circumstance below. We also commission
                                                     independent surveys for which the value for
                                                     money score reduced marginally to 8.1 out of 10,
                                                     remaining above our PC.
                                                                                     STRATEGIC REPORT     27




                                                                                                               STRATEGIC REPORT




                                                                                                               GOVERNANCE REPORT
SUPPORTING CUSTOMERS IN                                  Looking ahead, in our Business Plan we
VULNERABLE CIRCUMSTANCES                                 committed to the largest reduction in customer
                                                         bills in the country. We will continue to work with
We have committed to eradicate water poverty
                                                         DWP to extend the data sharing initiatives which
across our supply areas, working with the charity
                                                         will enable us to focus on proactive support and
National Energy Action (NEA) in an innovative
                                                         our customer digital twin project to help target
research and delivery partnership. We have a
                                                         how we promote our affordability schemes. We
number of arrangements in place already to
                                                         are also working with our credit reference partners
support customers who are in vulnerable
                                                         on automating online eligibility for support
circumstances, as set out in our Inclusivity
                                                         schemes and we are exploring a digital banking
Strategy, which we developed in partnership with
                                                         income and expenditure initiative. In addition, we
our customers. Through our strong partnership
                                                         continue to support the work with NEA on water
with the debt charity StepChange we continue to
                                                         poverty developing new ways to support
assist our customers to receive holistic debt
                                                         customers save money on both their water and
advice. With the benefit of our data sharing
                                                         energy bills.
agreement with StepChange we know which of
our customers are seeking debt advice so that we
can provide them with the breathing space they           “Our customers are well




                                                                                                               STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
need to work through their finances.
We extended our affordability tariff in 2019/20 to
                                                         informed about the
include those in receipt of pension credits,
building on our existing tariff which provides a
                                                         services they receive and
discount of up to 50% for low income households
where their water bills represent more than 3% of        the value of water”
net income. We have been working actively with
the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to be
able to make use of the powers within the Digital
Economy Act to identify customers who would be
eligible for our financial support schemes. This
will allow us to proactively check eligibility for our
customers and provide support to those who need
it.
                                                                                   STRATEGIC REPORT     28




JUST ADD YOU
We are passionate about water, and understand


                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
its importance to everyday life. Our customers’
expectations are rising all the time.

We’re proud of what we do already but know we          To complement these, and to support in
can do more on our customer focus, consistently        delivering an unrivalled customer experience
creating unrivalled experiences. Making sure we        every time, we’ve taken some great learning from
get it right first time is more important than ever.   a model developed by KPMG Nunwood; the Six
We want our customers to know we’ve done a             Pillars of customer experience excellence. The
great job, and that they matter to us.                 Six Pillars provide a framework that supports
                                                       leading companies around the world in driving
In 2019 we launched our external customer
                                                       positive change in their businesses. These are:
campaign across our regions, ‘Just Add Water’, to
remind our customers just how important water          • Integrity – demonstrating trustworthiness;
is to everyday life. However, we know that we
                                                       • Resolution – putting issues right quickly;
can’t give our customers an unrivalled experience
without every one of our team playing a part in        • Expectations – understanding and exceeding
that, so we also created ‘Just Add You’ to               expectations;
showcase the diverse and brilliant ways our
                                                       • Time and effort – enabling customers to




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
people help our customers every day.
                                                         achieve their objectives quickly and easily;
We asked our customers what was important to
                                                       • Personalisation – understanding and adapting
them and focus our service on the five priorities
                                                         to a customer’s specific needs; and
chosen by our customers:
                                                       • Empathy – relating to a customer’s experience.
• Show each customer that they’re important
  to us;                                               Our customers are at the heart of everything we
                                                       do and being recognised by our customers for
• ‘Own’ the customer’s problem;
                                                       great customer service is really important to us.
• Make it easy for them;                               By understanding our five customer priorities,
                                                       and using the Six Pillars, whenever we engage
• Be proud to promote our great work in local
                                                       with a customer means we can make sure we are
  communities; and
                                                       delivering a world class service that we can be
• Keep our promises.                                   really proud of, each and every time.




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT     29




WATER QUALITY                                          CLEAN CLEAR WATER THAT
The water we supply must meet the stringent            TASTES GOOD
quality standards set by the DWI, to ensure that it    We have been working to reduce the number of
is safe to drink and free of colour and particles,     discoloured water complaints in our NW area for
poor tastes and smells. Our overall drinking water     more than ten years now and have seen a
compliance remains extremely high at 99.915%.          significant improvement over this time. Our




                                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT
To put this in context, this represented only 58       performance improved further in 2019 to 2,349
failures from over 86,000 tests, and it is important   contacts, compared to 2,594 contacts in 2018, the
to note that none of the failures represented a        fifth year in a row we have performed better than
risk to health.                                        our PC. However, when we compare to other
Whilst we do expect some variation in                  companies in the industry, we recognise there is
performance due to samples being taken on a            still more to do. We are continuing to make
random basis, we are committed to improving            improvements at our water treatment works and
water quality even further and have been               managing our networks to reduce the
delivering our long term plans to achieve this. We     accumulation of discolouration material. To
have been working end to end through our water         continue our improvement journey we have
supply system, from protecting raw water by our        identified a new programme of work, with DWI
catchment management activities through to             support, for our discolouration management
investing in improvements to our water                 plans for 2020-25.
treatment and distribution processes and               The drinking water we supply is of a very high
systems.                                               quality but occasionally some of our customers
                                                       perceive different tastes or odours. This can
“We supply clean, clear                                occur as a result of the use of chlorine to
                                                       maintain good hygiene in our water supply
drinking water that                                    network, a change in where a customer’s water
                                                       comes from, or how it is treated, or even issues




                                                                                                            GOVERNANCE REPORT
tastes good”                                           with a customer’s own plumbing. The number of
                                                       contacts we received reduced from 1,060 to 862 in
We are continually evolving our processes to           2019, which represents upper quartile
improve water quality performance over the             performance in the sector.
longer term through our catchment management
approach. Over the years Catchment Partnerships        RELIABLE WATER SUPPLY
have become an essential way of working to
improve the water environment and in 2019 we           Delivering a reliable supply of water to customers
have continued our extensive engagement with           is core to what we do and we have delivered
the nine Catchment Partnerships in our NW and          amongst the lowest levels of interruptions to
ESW regions. We work with a wide range of              supply in the industry over a number of years.
partners, including Rivers and Wildlife Trusts,        After a challenging year in 2018/19, we have
Local Authorities, the EA and Natural England,         reduced the average interruption time per
and this has allowed us to pool our activity and       property from over 9 minutes to 6 minutes 8
funding in order for us all to make a difference to    seconds in 2019/20. This has been achieved
the water environment for our customers.               through refresher training to our field and office
Activities in the year have included hosting and       based staff to refocus our commitment to keeping
funding events for farmers and land managers,          interruptions as short as possible, using




                                                                                                            STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
and delivering on-farm improvements, and               temporary supply equipment where possible.
supporting catchment projects such as the
Pennine-PeatLIFE project.                              “We provide a reliable and
The DWI introduced a new measure of drinking
water quality in 2017 called the CRI. This uses        sufficient supply of water”
information from the whole source to tap journey,
through water treatment works, networks and
customer taps, to make a more exacting
assessment of water quality. The CRI is a risk
calculation and a perfect score is zero, indicating
no failure of any standard within the entire water
supply system. Our ambition is to drive towards a
zero score over time.
                                                                                   STRATEGIC REPORT      30




We have maintained our focus on managing              WATER EFFICIENCY
leakage throughout the year, aided by the             In addition to reducing water lost from our
relatively mild weather over the year and a           network, in 2019 we adapted and enhanced our
significant reduction in burst mains. Leakage         Whole Town Approach to deliver multiple key
averaged 134.8 Ml/d in NW and 63.2 Ml/d in ESW,       campaigns in a community-focused and targeted
comfortably achieving our PC level in each of our     programme. We delivered the programme in the




                                                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT
operating regions. This performance was               towns of Ashington, Northumberland and Leigh-
supported by the innovative actions we have           on-Sea, Essex, presenting ourselves in their
taken over recent years, including using satellite    community in a ‘one-stop shop’ to offer our help
imaging to help locate leaks and our online           in whatever way we could. In addition to our
leakage portal to allow customers to report leaks     Every Drop Counts water efficiency message, we
more easily.                                          added our Bring Your Own Bottle environmental
The number of water mains bursts reduced from         message and Water Without The Worry customer
3,853 to 2,817. In order to maintain a stable burst   affordability support. The co-ordinated approach
rate we invest in replacing sections of our vast      was a great success in terms of engagement and
network of water pipes each year. In 2019/20 we       customer satisfaction.
replaced almost 70km of distribution mains
across our operational areas. We have also been
progressing with an innovative project looking at
                                                      “We provide a sewerage
how we could further reduce bursts in the future
by better managing ‘pressure transients’ which
                                                      service that deals
are high pressure shocks that reduce the life of
water pipes and cause bursts.
                                                      effectively with sewage
We proactively monitor and investigate water          and heavy rainfall”
pressures in the network so that we can identify
customers who are not receiving sufficient            Another water efficiency campaign we launched




                                                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT
pressure and take action. We have improved the        in the year was our ‘Leaky Loo’ programme. We
pressure for 947 customers during the year,           know from research that between 5% and 8% of
leaving 220 properties on the low pressure            households have a leaking toilet wasting between
property register at the end of the year.             200 and 400 litres a day. For NWL this equates to
                                                      approximately 105,000 homes wasting around
                                                      23Ml of water each day. We have introduced a
                                                      service where we help customers identify if their
                                                      toilet is leaking and repair it for them if it is. In
                                                      addition to saving our customers money, we are
                                                      helping to improve water efficiency towards our
                                                      ambitious goal of reducing per capita
                                                      consumption.




                                                                                                              STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT     31




SEWER FLOODING                                        Communications, including our ‘Bin The Wipe’
                                                      campaign (see case study on page 32) aims to
Sewer flooding is one of the worst service failures   avoid blockages caused by misuse of sewers. Our
our customers can experience and reducing this        newly created focused teams include a mix of
remains one of our highest business priorities.       technical and operational resources to respond
Over the past year we have experienced a              to incidents, investigate root causes and fix




                                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT
number of months where we have had sustained          problems identified on the network. Operational
periods of wet weather, which has impacted our        planning is identifying improvements in the way
performance in this area. As a result, while the      we work to help reduce the number of incidents
total number of properties flooding internally has    occurring which are within our control. The
reduced from last year, we were disappointed to       tactical plan will support our longer term service
see the number of properties flooding externally      delivery strategy for managing sewer flooding.
or suffering repeat flooding increase slightly.
                                                      Occasionally the structure of a sewer can
Four out of our five sewer flooding measures          collapse, which can be due to ground movement,
achieved their PC, with external flooding from        third party damage or age, and this can cause
the network of drains and sewers transferred into     flooding or pollution. The number of sewer
our ownership a few years ago missing the PC          collapses remained at similar low levels to the
slightly. Sewerage investigations, surveying and      previous year and well below the PCs.
mapping of our transferred network continues
to improve each year and this will help us to
further improve our sewer flooding performance
in this area.
We have agreed further challenging targets on
sewer flooding for the next five years. In order
to reduce the risk of sewer flooding and to help
achieve the commitments we have made within




                                                                                                            GOVERNANCE REPORT
our business plan, a sewer flooding tactical plan
was developed to identify and deliver effective
near term interventions. The sewer flooding
tactical plan includes interventions around
the core themes of customer communication,
focused teams, improved operational
planning, better use of data and an increased
CCTV programme.




                                                                                                            STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                STRATEGIC REPORT     32




BIN THE WIPE
We have to clean out 15,000 blockages a year from


                                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT
our sewer network, approximately 64% of which are
caused by people flushing wipes.
These blockages can cause sewage to back up          Stockton – Making blockages a moment of change
into customers’ homes or to flood into the
                                                     In January 2020 we wrote to all the households in
environment, in rivers or even beaches, and we
                                                     this area to let them know we would be
want to stop that happening. Even brands of
                                                     monitoring the sewers in the area, using smart
wipes that have the word “flushable” on the
                                                     technology to pinpoint which houses are flushing
packet can contribute to this problem, so we want
                                                     wipes. We also shared imagery of houses that
people to dispose of all wipes in bins, not down
                                                     have been flooded in the area because of
the toilet.
                                                     blockages caused by wet wipes. Our wastewater
Historically, we have tried to encourage people to   team are now carrying out proactive and reactive
only put ‘toilet paper, pee and poo down the loo’.   work to pinpoint offending streets using our
However, the problem persists and we want to         porcupine equipment, which catches wipes in the
create sustainable, behavioural change that          network on its spikes and allows the team to
protects customers, their homes and the              identify which direction the wipes have travelled
environment. In November 2019 we launched our        from back to specific houses. We then engage
new customer behaviour change campaign ‘Bin          directly with those customers through a five




                                                                                                          GOVERNANCE REPORT
the Wipe’. Alongside this overarching campaign,      stage process.
we also launched three targeted pilots in hot spot
areas; Newcastle, Stockton and Redcar with the       Newcastle – Getting into good make up habits
aim of reducing the amount of blockages caused       Research has shown that over 50% of the wet
by wipes in our sewer network.                       wipe blockages we have to clear have been
                                                     used for removing make up. We launched a
Redcar – The Big Bin Giveaway
                                                     specific make up focused ‘Bin the Wipe’
During our research we found that more than half     campaign in seven Newcastle postcodes, sharing
of households did not have a bin in any bathroom.    messages about alternative products people can
We visited all houses in this area to explain how    use to clean their face using social media
flushing wipes can cause sewer flooding and          ‘influencers’ as part of an integrated
gave each household a bin to put their wipes in      communications campaign.
rather than flushing them down the toilet. We are
                                                     We have seen a strong start to our social media
carrying out follow up communication and
                                                     campaign with our posts reaching more than
surveys to reinforce behaviour changes and our
                                                     450,000 people and drawing more than 36,500
wastewater team is monitoring the network to
                                                     engagements. We’ve had continued support from
see if the number of wipes ending up in our sewer
                                                     a wide range of partners, including local
network has reduced.
                                                     authorities who have re-affirmed their support for




                                                                                                          STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     #BinTheWipe.
                                                                                STRATEGIC REPORT     33




INTELLIGENT ASSET MANAGEMENT                         RESILIENCE FRAMEWORK
We adopt an integrated approach to managing          We manage a large and complex asset base
our assets, which means finding the right balance    where a failure could have significant impacts on
between operational and long-term maintenance        our customers and the environment. We know
and investing in new assets at the right time, in    from our research that our customers are
the interests of current and future customers. We    increasingly interested in the reliability and




                                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT
have company-wide accreditation to ISO 55001         resilience of their water and wastewater services.
Asset Management, demonstrating that we follow
                                                     We have a strong track record as a resilient
best practice in the long-term management of
                                                     company. Our water resources are very secure
our assets.
                                                     and we have a security of supply index of 100% in
Our Intelligent Asset Management (iAM)               all of our water resource zones across the full 40
programme is building on this approach and will      year planning horizon of our water resources
deliver both improved systems and processes          management plan. Our sewer flooding
and enhanced data and analytics to improve how       performance for both internal flooding and repeat
we manage our assets. The first two phases of        flooding incidents demonstrates a magnitude of
this programme, covering customer contact for        improvement since 2015.
operational matters, and below ground assets on
                                                     We understand that the uncertainties that exist
the waste water network and water network in
                                                     in today’s world, such as climate change, will
ESW, were implemented successfully during the
                                                     continue to challenge our business into the
year. The roll out for water network in NW was
                                                     future. To demonstrate that we are moving to a
delayed until summer 2020 as a result of the
                                                     position of strength in the future we have
Covid-19 pandemic.
                                                     developed our own Resilience Framework, an
                                                     effective way to show the interdependency and
ASSET HEALTH                                         complexity of our business systems across
                                                     corporate, financial and operational aspects. Our
We use the concept of Asset Health to assess the     Resilience Framework provides a structure for us




                                                                                                          GOVERNANCE REPORT
effectiveness of our long-term stewardship of our    to achieve resilience in the round by taking an
assets, based on two baskets of measures, for        integrated and systematic approach to
water and wastewater. As asset health is about       understanding risk and resilience challenges
the long-term stewardship of our assets, we          across all of our business areas. More information
assess our performance on a three-year rolling       on this can be found in our Business Plan at
average basis.                                       www.nwgourplan.co.uk
Three out of four of our measures for water
performed better than their PC for the three year
period 2017/18 to 2019/20. However, our PC for
overall drinking water compliance is set at a zero
failure rate and, though we have a very high level
of compliance, we did have a small number of
failures in the year.
Similarly, on wastewater three out of four of our
measures for water performed better than their
PC for the three year period 2017/18 to 2019/20,
but we had a zero PC target for sewage treatment




                                                                                                          STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
works discharge compliance failures and have
suffered an average of one failure each year on a
three year rolling basis.
More detail on our asset health performance is
available in our APR.

“We deliver water and
sewerage services that
meet the needs of current
and future generations in
a changing world”
                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT     34




ENVIRONMENT
We are committed to meeting our ambitious goal


                                                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT
to have zero pollutions as a result of our assets and
operations, and to have the best rivers and bathing
water beaches in the country for the benefit of people,
the environment and wildlife.
POLLUTION INCIDENTS                                  BATHING WATER QUALITY
We manage and maintain a network of almost           COMPLIANCE
30,000km of sewers across the NW region. When        Our bathing waters in the NW region continue to
we have problems in our sewerage system, such        be amongst the cleanest in the country. Our aim
as from blockages, mechanical breakdowns or          is to contribute to all of the region’s bathing
power outages, untreated sewage can sometimes        waters being categorised as ‘Sufficient’ or better
escape into watercourses and the sea causing         by the EA, working in partnership to make this
environmental harm.                                  happen as we recognise seawater quality can be
We continue to focus our attention on reducing       affected by a number of sources, such as run-off
the risk of this happening but a relatively small    from agriculture, urban pollution and from birds




                                                                                                           GOVERNANCE REPORT
number of these pollution incidents occur. We are    or animals.
pleased that the number of more serious category
1 and 2 pollution incidents remains low at 2,        “We help to improve the
down from 9 in 2016. One was related to a sewer
near a watercourse and the other from our water      quality of rivers and
distribution network. The number of category 3
incidents remained broadly stable and well below     coastal waters for the
our PC. We continue to proactively self-report a
high proportion of incidents to the EA, 80% in       benefit of people, the
2019, assisted by our Water Rangers programme.
This performance has been achieved as a result       environment and wildlife”
of our transformative pollution management
programme. We are continuously learning and          All bar one of our bathing waters achieved either
improving our pollution performance through our      the ‘Good’ or ‘Excellent’ standard, with 25 out of
company-wide zero-tolerance approach. Our            34 achieving the highest standard. However,
focus is to constantly examine all aspects of        one of our bathing waters, at Cullercoats in
pollution through our Pollution Best Practice        North Tyneside, was classified as ‘Poor’ for a
Group and target our efforts to effectively reduce   second year.




                                                                                                           STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
the number of incidents. We have published a         We continue to work in partnership with the EA
Pollution Incident Reduction Plan on our website,    and local authority to understand the reasons for
setting out our ongoing commitment to reducing       the localised decline in bathing water quality at
pollution incidents further to 2025.                 Cullercoats. Since September 2017, an extensive
                                                     investigation programme has been carried out
                                                     that has ruled out a number of potential factors.
                                                     This has included undertaking precautionary
                                                     measures and remedial works on parts of our
                                                     network together with the resolution of a
                                                     number of third party issues. We remain
                                                     committed to working with our partners to
                                                     improve the seawater quality at Cullercoats,
                                                     including investigatory investment in our PR19
                                                     Business Plan.
                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT    35




SEWAGE TREATMENT WORKS
DISCHARGE COMPLIANCE                                  “We protect and enhance
The EA sets strict standards for effluent
discharged into rivers, estuaries and the sea.
                                                      the environment in
These standards are specified in environmental
permits for each of our sewage treatment works,
                                                      delivering our services,


                                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT
taking into account what is required to protect
the water quality and ecology of the rivers and
                                                      leading by example”
bathing waters specific to our region. We have a      We are continually evolving our processes and
very strong discharge compliance record, with         continuing to work in partnership to attain
zero failures in 2018, but were disappointed to       the necessary sustainable improvements in
have two discharge permit failures in 2019,           river water quality, supporting a catchment-
against a challenging background of extreme           based approach to managing the water
weather events and third party impacts.               environment. We are working within four
We are continuing our planning to meet future         catchment partnerships across the north east, in
new and tighter consent standards and to satisfy      Northumberland, Tyne, Wear and Tees.
our obligations in working towards meeting
‘Good’ Water Framework Directive status in our        We know that future permits will tighten as
rivers. To do this, we will build on our innovative   legislation changes. This will introduce new
operational management and early warning              challenges and standards, as well as tightening
systems, TriM (trigger management system) and         existing permit standards, which will require us
DRIVE (Dynamic Risk Index and Visit                   to adopt new treatment technologies and
Effectiveness – see case study on page 36), a tool    increases the emphasis on very efficient
that allows us to understand real-time                operational control. We are also aware that the
compliance risk across all of our treatment           pressures of increasing population, new housing,
works. These systems have been adopted both at        industrial developments and climate change will




                                                                                                          GOVERNANCE REPORT
works with numeric permits and those with             challenge our performance.
descriptive permits. Our operators are also
intervening more frequently at our descriptive
works in order to prevent permit non-compliance
and potential resulting pollution incidents.




                                                                                                          STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                STRATEGIC REPORT     36




DRIVE (DYNAMIC RISK
INDEX AND INTERVENTION
EFFECTIVENESS)
                                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT
In a business where customer service levels and
standards of service delivery performance are
becoming increasingly demanding, at the same time
as striving for industry-leading cost efficiency, we
need to be much smarter at identifying, predicting
and targeting resources towards risks in a much more
measured and focused way.

We have always believed that most of the              The result has been improved performance
information we need to run our business is            through industry-leading sewage treatment




                                                                                                          GOVERNANCE REPORT
known to us. The challenge has been to capture it,    compliance as well as a 30% reduction in
determine when we need to act on it and identify      underlying risk score due to improved operational
who has the capacity and capability to carry out      focus on specific issues.
those actions.
                                                      The DRIVE framework has now been extended
Systems and processes are usually very capable        from wastewater treatment into water and
of doing what they were designed to do in             wastewater networks and water supply to create
isolation. The challenge for our Drive project was    a common approach to managing operational
to create an integrated business process which:       risk across the business.
• identified the key operational measures from
  the vast amount of data points generated every
  second across our operational business;
• combined these to create leading indicators at
  the asset and operational system level;
• added asset health and criticality weightings to
  these measures to allow us to calculate risk;




                                                                                                          STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
• created a single business view of where effort
  needs to be focused to address these risks
  before they impact on performance; and
• communicated a clear enterprise-wide
  workflow to ensure that people understand
  their responsibilities to execute action plans to
  mitigate against these risks.
The DRIVE approach has created a cultural
change to clear, evidence-based decision making,
with discussions based on asset failure rates and
deterioration trends rather than individual
judgements. The increased level of operational
understanding has also reduced dependence on
technical experts.
                                                                                STRATEGIC REPORT     37




CLIMATE CHANGE                                       Net Zero Emissions
The nature of our business, with our interaction     In March our Chief Executive, Heidi Mottram
with the natural environment, means that             opened an industry-wide conference, Water UK’s
climate change presents particular challenges to     Delivering a Zero Carbon Water Sector
us and our customers, and is one of the principal    conference. Representatives from across the
risks facing our business (see page 61). It also     sector came together to discuss the challenge




                                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT
means we have significant potential to make a        and share experience as they work to deliver on a
positive contribution to both climate change         commitment to be net zero carbon by 2030. We
adaptation and mitigation. We have sought to         have gone a step further and have set a challenge
realise that in the past year and in our future      of achieving net zero carbon by 2027, three years
planning, facing up to the challenge of water        ahead of the government target. In addition, we
resources becoming scarcer and demand                have committed to creating zero avoidable waste
increasing, as set out by EA Chief Executive Sir     by 2025
James Bevan in a series of speeches in 2019.         In terms of carbon emissions, we are continuing
Ten years ago we committed to a carbon               to explore renewable energy opportunities
management plan with the aim of reducing our         through solar generation, pilots of large scale
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 35% by 2020        battery storage and the production of hydrogen in
against a 2008 baseline. We were delighted to        hydropower sites that cannot be connected to the
achieve this goal ahead of schedule in 2018/19.      grid. We have begun the process of turning our
This was achieved through a twin focus on            vehicle fleet green with the addition of our first
energy efficiency and renewable energy               electric vehicles and are investigating the use of
generation.                                          biofuels, while we introduced a new system to
                                                     help monitor and reduce the amount of travel we
Our focus on energy efficiency included investing
                                                     do. We are extending this to our supply chain, and
in optimisation tools, such as Aquadapt, and the
                                                     have committed to increase the amount we
use of data analytics, site energy audits, trigger
                                                     spend in our operating areas to 60p in every
management and investment in energy efficient




                                                                                                          GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                     pound, to reduce transportation, as well as
assets are all routinely applied to drive down our
                                                     supporting local economies.
underlying consumption. In respect of renewable
energy, we use 100% of the sludge remaining after    Our commitment on waste will mean eliminating,
sewage treatment to produce renewable energy at      re-using or recycling 90% of waste from
two thermal hydrolysis advanced anaerobic            operations, and working with partners to
digestion plants and power all our sites using       contribute to the circular economy in our regions.
renewable electricity, including a long term         Our Innovation Festivals already operate on a
commitment to offshore wind power.                   zero waste basis, with no waste going to landfill,
                                                     including all food waste being taken to a local
In the last year we have installed over 500 new
                                                     anaerobic digestion plant to produce gas.
smart meters to help monitor energy usage at our
treatment works and pumping stations, and
implemented a new travel booking process to
provide insight and support reducing business
travel. We have also signed outline agreements
with a third party to develop solar power at a
number of our sites which will provide
emissions-free, and lower cost, energy.




                                                                                                          STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT     38




Resilience                                           We are using innovation to manage flood risk,
Over the longer term, climate change could           including utilising Digital Twin technology to
impact on water resources resilience and the         assess how our assets will respond to extreme
integrity of our assets. Our Resilience Framework    weather events, and deploying fibre-optic sensor
provides a structure for us to achieve resilience    technology enabling us to measure depth flow
in the round by taking an integrated and             and temperature in our sewers, helping us to




                                                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT
systematic approach to understanding risk and        predict and resolve incidents before they occur.
resilience challenges across all of our business     We included in our PR19 business plan a
areas and how they interact. Resilience was a key    programme to address properties which are at
element of our PR19 Business Plan.                   increased risk of sewer flooding for the first time
Our Water Resource Management Plan has               due to climate change and the effect of urban
demonstrated that we have 100% security of           creep. This is distinct from our base programme
supply index in all of our water resource zones      which is focused on preventing repeat flooding at
across the full 40-year planning period. We have     properties which have experienced flooding
also demonstrated our resilience to a 1 in 200-      previously and reflects strong customer support
year drought scenario.                               for a more proactive approach. This sewer
                                                     flooding enhancement scheme forms another
In our southern operating area the completed         key part of our case at CMA.
expansion of Abberton Reservoir in 2014 provides
further security in Essex. However, although our
Essex region has robust water resource
availability there are constraints, under certain
circumstances, on our ability to move water to
where it is required for treatment and
distribution. In our PR19 Plan we proposed a new
Essex transfer scheme that would provide
additional flexibility and allow our two key




                                                                                                           GOVERNANCE REPORT
reservoirs to be kept in balance. There was strong
customer support for investing to enhance the
resilience of supplies in this way and this scheme
forms a key part of our case at CMA.
The security of supplies for customers in our
North East operating area is largely due to the
reserves available from Kielder Reservoir, and the
flexibility provided by the Kielder Transfer
System – a giant pipeline that can feed into the
rivers Tyne, Wear and Tees.
We recognise that this puts us in a position to
contribute to resilience in neighbouring
operating areas as well. We play a full part in
both Water Resource East, which is pioneering a
collaborative approach to water resources
planning across Eastern England, and
Water Resources North, protecting resilience




                                                                                                           STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
and supporting sustainable growth in the
Northern Powerhouse.
On the wastewater side, we are also using
industry-leading approaches to reduce the risk of
flooding. Our award-winning NIDP brings 13
Lead Local Flood Authorities across the
North East together with the EA to promote
sustainable drainage.
                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT      39




COMPETITIVENESS
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE                                 INNOVATION FESTIVALS
The financial performance of the Company is           We drive innovation all year round, but our




                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
detailed in the Financial Performance and             festivals are the focal point. The events have
Structure section later in this report.               become firmly-established as industry-wide and
                                                      attract participants from across the globe. In 2019
“Our finances are sound,                              we had more than 3,000 people join us from 734
                                                      organisations. This diversity represents a huge
stable and achieve a                                  breadth and depth of experience that we would
                                                      not be able to tap into in business as usual
fair balance between                                  activities. The professional services value of this
                                                      contribution is estimated to be worth c.£5m.
customers and investors”                              Clearly the main purpose of the event is to create
                                                      new ideas to improve our business. We also use it
                                                      to rapidly progress existing ideas, or ‘a year’s
INNOVATION                                            worth of work in a week’. We have used this
                                                      technique to great effect to drive forward ideas
We believe that innovation is the process of          that require collaboration across organisational
turning ideas into business value, and that this is   boundaries, such as the Common Underground
everyone’s responsibility. We have engaged with       Map.
and empowered our people to develop a culture
which is open to future change and the potential      The festival places us firmly at the epicentre of an
to improve the lives of our customers and the         innovation ecosystem. There are lots of spin offs




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
environment that we live and work in.                 from the event, many of which we get involved
                                                      in, some of which happen without us. Our
This year has seen the creation of a robust           reputation for being innovative is enhanced
innovation pipeline and process which is              either way. To date, our festivals have attracted
enabling focus on the big challenges laid out in      over 6,000 participants generating 132 ideas back
the business plan. Central to this are the            into the business. In 2019 we reached more
innovation ambassadors that are enabling              people than ever with Twitter messaging,
innovation across the business. These employees       achieving a reach of 3.6m people.
are spreading innovative culture across the
business and driving the implementation of            In September 2019 we held a joint event, Innovate
innovative new ideas so it becomes business as        East, with Anglian Water over three days in
usual.                                                Ipswich, a first of its kind for the industry. The
                                                      event had its own character, but was broadly
“We are an efficient and                              based on our Innovation Festival format. We
                                                      embraced open innovation, attracting
innovative company”                                   participants from over 250 organisations. We held
                                                      nine sprints and three hacks within the context
                                                      of four themes: leakage, social purpose, natural
In 2019 we launched Amplify which is an idea          capital and digital twins.
management platform that is harnessing the




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
creativity and expertise of our employees, our
supply chain, eco-system and beyond. This is a
challenge based approach so focus is on solving
big challenges like reducing the use of single use
plastics when there is an interruption to supply,
increasing the number of customers on the
priority register and how to reduce flooding by
changing customer behaviours (see case study on
page 32).
                                                                                       STRATEGIC REPORT       40




INVESTQUEST                                               •	NWG is a founder member of the national
It is important that our people have the                     Digital Twin Hub. We are pleased to work with
opportunity to have their ideas listened to and we           this group of developers, owners and users of
continued our InvestQuest competition, which                 digital twins to shape the national landscape
allows our employees to say how they would use               and ensure that digital twins create value for
an investment of up to £250,000. For the best five           our customers and stakeholders.




                                                                                                                   STRATEGIC REPORT
ideas, the individuals and teams were given the           We also work closely in partnership with
opportunity to pitch their idea to a panel of             colleagues across the water and utilities sector,
directors in a ‘Dragon’s Den’ style. The ideas            including playing an active role in UK Water
covered a diverse range of subjects from                  Industry Research, which is chaired by our
improving customer complaint handling to an               Wastewater Director, Richard Warneford.
automatic flushing and probe system and                   Through our membership of the Cross Utility
generating more renewable energy from our                 Innovation Group (with Northern Gas Networks
anaerobic digesters. The winning idea was a               (NGN), Northern Powergrid and Yorkshire Water)
mobile unit which would provide real time                 we share knowledge and look for opportunities
analysis data, and this is now being progressed           for collaboration to tackle shared needs on a
into reality.                                             regional basis. Most recently, we partnered with
                                                          the Energy Innovation Centre to run a series of
                                                          open innovation challenges in collaboration with
RESEARCH AND
                                                          their other members.
INNOVATION PARTNERSHIPS
We are at our best and most innovative when we
combine our people and ideas with those from              THE POWER OF 5G
the outside world. Accordingly, we have built             In December 2019, we joined forces with telecoms
strong relationships with organisations and               partners and conducted a series of initial 5G trials
individuals to support our innovation initiatives.        to harness the power of 5G connectivity to




                                                                                                                   GOVERNANCE REPORT
These innovation partnerships have given us               revolutionise the way we operate. Across our
early sight of latest thinking and product                business we require a range of technical skills
developments. Some examples of our activities             and competencies in order to manage the
over the last year are given below:                       logistical challenge of maintaining water in our
•	We regularly work with inventor in residence,          supply areas and the wastewater services across
   Andrew Turner Innovation Limited, on a                 the North East region. 5G-enabled augmented
   number of early stage proof of concept projects        reality technology allows experienced
   including a smart drain pipe, which slows              technicians to remotely guide on the ground
   down the flow of rain water from roofs into            teams through complex tasks by relaying real-
   sewers, helping reduce the risk of flooding;           time data and instructions. The technology also
                                                          allows multiple experts to join one call
•	We are collaborating with Wordnerds, applying          simultaneously, adding valuable second opinions.
   artificial intelligence to linguistics to help us to
   interpret how our customers feel about their           The first set of trials will focus on areas including
   experience of NWL, particularly when we are            a home water maintenance app, for consumers to
   reading written comments and feedback on               monitor their home’s water supply and flow to
   social media;                                          identify any unusual patterns to flag potential
                                                          issues ahead of time. We are also looking to use
•	Our partnership with Durham University has             5G to power augmented reality to provide a 3D




                                                                                                                   STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   continued with our Innovate UK-funded                  representation of buried assets for technicians
   Knowledge Transfer Partnership, which is               and to allow field technicians and engineers to
   working with affected people to increase flood         quickly access and upload crucial data from our
   resilience in their communities;                       central GIS database, without requiring a wi-fi or
•	We have also continued our partnership with            cable connection.
   Newcastle University with the appointment of
   a post-graduate research engineer to
   investigate the role of green infrastructure in
   reducing urban flood risk, and the expansion of
   the BE:WISE wastewater research facility at our
   Birtley sewage treatment works;
• Our work on Digital Twins has also continued
  apace, focusing on developing digital twins of
  water supply systems and biogas production;
                                                                                STRATEGIC REPORT      41




GLOBAL INNOVATION
PLATFORM LAUNCHED

                                                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT
It is very important to us to work with and share best
practise where we can. A lot of problems are better
solved together and our Innovation Festival is a great
example of how we bring many people, companies
and industries together to look at big problems.

As part of this we have launched a new ideas        make a difference to our customers’ lives and
sharing platform ‘Amplify’, opening the             when we find them, we will back them
innovation floodgates to the whole world.           completely. We’ve seen the benefits of breaking
                                                    the rules, doing things differently and innovating
Amplify is a shared space where anybody from        outside of the box. That’s why we’re so excited
across the globe can come together to help solve    about Amplify, the newest tool that will allow us
big problems, pitch new ideas and innovate          to connect with every innovator and creative
together. We post a series of big real life         mind from across the world and to work together




                                                                                                           GOVERNANCE REPORT
challenges and then open them up to the rest of     to solve big problems.”
the world to try and help solve them. As well as
work on these problems, people can suggest          Over the years we’ve heard from lots of small and
ideas, pitch their products, ask questions and      medium sized companies and inventors who say
interact with other innovators and creators all     they struggle to get their ideas off the ground or
within the Amplify website.                         in front of big companies like ours. This is the
                                                    perfect opportunity.
Each challenge is owned by an expert from the
company and they monitor responses, engage          Our first challenge was based around reducing
with users and pick up and run with the most        single use plastics. Specifically, how the water
promising ones. There is potential financial        company can eliminate the use of plastic bottles
backing and funding to develop and trial the best   when providing emergency water supplies to
ideas and anyone can register and take part in      customers during an interruption.
the challenges.
                                                    Anyone interested in taking part in our
At the launch, our Head of Innovation, Angela       challenges should visit amplifynwg.co.uk and
MacOscar, said: “We believe whole-heartedly in      register on the website to join the discussion.
open innovation. We love new ideas that will




                                                                                                           STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   STRATEGIC REPORT        42




PEOPLE
GREAT PLACE TO WORK
Our aspiration is for all of our people, current and
                                                       “Our people are talented,


                                                                                                                STRATEGIC REPORT
future, to have a great experience at work and to
understand the part they play to achieve our
                                                       committed and inspired
purpose, vision, outcomes and to deliver
unrivalled customer experience. We aspire to
                                                       to deliver great services
have an inclusive and diverse culture where our
people are supported by their managers, feel
                                                       to customers”
confident that their voice is heard and have a
                                                       In 2019, we used the GPTW employee survey for
workplace where everyone can thrive and feel
                                                       the first time. This provides an opportunity for
empowered to be the best they can be. We know
                                                       employees to tell us how they feel about working
from the 84% of employees that took part in our
                                                       here. Managers receive the results for their teams
most recent employee survey that 72% of our
                                                       and involve employees in creating local action
people feel proud to work here.
                                                       plans. The change in survey provider meant that
                                                       we also revised our target measure to achieving a
“We are seen as a great                                Trust Index score of 65% or more, which we only
                                                       just missed.
place to work”                                         In December 2019, we asked the Great Place to
                                                       Work Institute to undertake a Best Workplaces
We have continued to develop our employee
                                                       comprehensive culture audit of the business.
engagement through our GPTW programme,
                                                       Their conclusions were “it is evident that NWG is
based on the four themes of My Voice, My




                                                                                                                GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                       an employee, customer and environmentally
Manager, Our Values and Our Shared Story. We
                                                       centric employer.” Two areas identified as being a
engage with our employees through our
                                                       particular strength included how we recruit and
Employee Relations Framework and through a
                                                       welcome new people into the business and the
range of communication channels including
                                                       way we listen and collaborate. The audit has
director roadshows, structured Teamtalk
                                                       given us what we wanted, areas to focus on and
briefings every two months, our weekly H2info
                                                       different ideas to consider.
e-bulletin, and digital tools such as our intranet
and Yammer.                                            We continue to be accredited as a Living Wage
                                                       Employer with the Living Wage Foundation,
Our annual employee roadshows provide an
                                                       which means that every employee in the
opportunity for our people to understand our
                                                       Company earns at least the Living Wage, an
vision and progress towards this. Our CEO, Heidi
                                                       hourly rate set independently and calculated
Mottram, attends all of the roadshow sessions
with the relevant director allowing direct             according to the basic cost of living for the UK.
engagement with all staff.
It’s important that people understand the part
they play to achieve our vision and outcomes.
Our bi-monthly Teamtalk events ensure everyone




                                                                                                                STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
comes together to discuss performance and key
areas of focus. After a session with our CEO, our
leaders cascade to their teams with the support
of a pack including videos and interactive
activities to bring the message to life. In 2019 we
held a ‘Teamtalk Takeover’ where the whole
session was focused on our customer service and
the change from SIM to C-MeX.
                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT       43




OUR VALUES AND BEHAVIOURS                              Apprenticeship programmes have given 110 of
Our employee awards scheme, known as ViVa              our existing employees the opportunity to learn
(Vision and Values), is our way of saying thank        and grow during 2019. Some have been learning
you to our employees for doing a great job or          about data intelligence to help maximise the
going the extra mile. Now in its ninth year it is      strategic and operational benefits from the
still as popular as ever with circa 1,700 employees    increasing data that technology gives us access




                                                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT
in 2019 nominating teams and colleagues for            to and use their new skills on business
demonstrating our values and behaviours.               improvement projects. Others have focused on
Anyone can nominate anyone in the business             management or water engineering.
that they feel have done a particularly great job or   For some of our Water production team, their
have gone the extra mile. Prizes are awarded           personal development has resulted in NWL being
each month to the top nominations and every            the first in the water industry to achieve the
year we hold a ViVa awards ceremony to                 Licence to Operate Standards for competence.
celebrate the best across the five categories.         These Standards are recognised by DWI as
Our overall winners were the Planning and              demonstrating that our people are competent to
Scheduling (south) team for the One Team               provide clean, clear water to our customers every
support they provided to two colleagues who            day. Many of the people involved in the
suffered a serious accident while on holiday.          programme have been working in their roles for
Special recognition was made to the Leakage            many years and after completing the programme
team who used a range of innovative approaches         their understanding of the science and
to deal with extremely challenging weather             engineering behind why they do what they do
conditions and still meet our leakage targets for      has equipped them to take their contribution in
2018/19, and laid the groundwork to deliver our        the business to another level and their hard work
targets again in 2019/20.                              has resulted in a qualification they can all be
                                                       proud of.

“Our people act in line                                Our involvement with other utility sector




                                                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                       organisations in a Procurement Skills Accord
with our values”                                       ensures that we look wider than just our own
                                                       people and help address sector-wide skills gaps
                                                       and shortages to improve the future as well as the
We developed ‘Our Behaviours’ with our people
                                                       present. Our contribution is audited each year,
across the Company to identify the behaviours
                                                       including how we promote relevant skills
we all need to demonstrate to enable us to
                                                       development across our supply chain through our
achieve our medium-term goals and deliver our
                                                       procurement process.
vision of being national leader. We have
continued to embed these through our annual            We continue to look for ways we can develop and
appraisal process and midyear reviews and using        support our managers to be the best they can be
our Leadership behaviours to inform our                and build trusted relationships with their teams.
recruitment and selection process including            Our Leadership and Management Development
shortlisting and interviews.                           Programme for all new people managers within
                                                       the Company has continued to evolve to meet
                                                       business needs. This has been designed to
NWG ACADEMY                                            provide our managers with a foundation of
We recognise that our people are our greatest          excellence in their leadership roles and aims to




                                                                                                              STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
asset and we are committed to making sure that         enable our managers to lead and manage their
people have the opportunity to develop, have the       people with confidence whilst delivering a great
chance to achieve their goals potential and make       place to work and unrivalled customer
a difference. Our NWG Academy is a strategy and        experiences for our internal and external
plan of activities to ensure we have the skills,       customers.
knowledge and talent we need to continue to give
our customers the service they expect and
deserve, sustainably. NWG Academy activities are
focused to raise our profile as an industry and an
employer with the future workforce, develop the
talent already in the business to ensure everyone
is fit for the future and retain knowledge as
people retire.
                                                                                STRATEGIC REPORT     44




DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES

We recognise the value and importance of diversity and inclusion in our workforce. Our customers
come from a wide range of backgrounds, and our workforce needs to reflect that.
Research shows that diverse organisations consistently perform better, attracting great people,




                                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT
making better decisions and successfully innovating and evolving. If we are to achieve our vision, we
need to grasp this opportunity for improving performance through creating an environment where all
our people can be themselves and do their very best each day.


GENDER DIVERSITY AT 31 MARCH 2020

 NAME                                                            FEMALE                         MALE

 Board                                                                  2                            9

 Executive Leadership Team (ELT)                                        6                            6

 Full company                                                       1,005                        2,079


We operate in an environment where traditional      One area of success has been recruitment to our
perceptions of careers and roles persist and        development programmes where 67% of our
whilst we work hard to attract people from          undergraduates in 2019 were female, the majority
diverse backgrounds, our business is currently      involved in science, technology, engineering and
predominantly male. We are committed to             maths roles, and 33% of apprentices, despite most
improving our gender balance and are taking         of their roles being operational.




                                                                                                          GOVERNANCE REPORT
positive steps to ensure that our roles are
                                                    To encourage more applications from people with
attractive to women as well as men. We’ve used
                                                    different personal characteristics and to make
social media to demonstrate that the water
                                                    sure they are comfortable to be themselves at
industry is a place where females can add real
                                                    work with us, we have partnered with Vercida to
value across all roles, and our #waterwomen
                                                    develop an attraction strategy to raise our profile
campaign to focus on the themes we know from
                                                    amongst ethnic minorities and with Stonewall to
research are important to women.
                                                    better access and support the LGBT community.




                                                                                                          STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT      45




DIVERSITY AND EQUAL                                  and it is our intention that all job applicants and
OPPORTUNITIES (continued)                            employees are treated equally, regardless of their
                                                     age, ability, marital or partnership status, race,
                                                     religion or belief, gender or sexual orientation.
To drive real change our relationships with
external partners are really important to us. We     We welcome employment applications from
                                                     people with disabilities and, where existing




                                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT
work closely with the WISE (Women in Science
and Engineering) campaign and the Energy and         employees develop disabilities, they are
Utility Skills Partnership. Being regional lead on   supported to remain in employment, wherever
the WISE North East Hub enables us to promote        practicable, by providing appropriate adjustments
networking opportunities and highlight female        to their roles and/or effective redeployments.
role models, through collaboration with other        Occupational health physicians assist this
local businesses. We were delighted to be            process with professional medical advice. Our
awarded Employer of the Year at the 2019 North       work with the North East Local Enterprise
East Business Women of the Year Awards.              Partnership’s Special Educational Needs and
                                                     Disabilities group and our involvement with
The objective of our Science, Technology,            Disability Confident is building our network
Engineering, Arts and Maths (STEAM) activities       and understanding to do more to find ways to
at the 2019 NWG Innovation Festival, the             offer work experience and create a pathway
culmination of a year of outreach activity with      into employment.
schools, colleges and universities, was to
encourage young people to seriously consider a
STEAM career. Circa 1,300 young people joined in
the fun and educational activities. Women
working in science, technology, engineering and
maths careers in the region came to support and
share their stories.




                                                                                                            GOVERNANCE REPORT
Our Equal Opportunity Policy seeks to ensure that
all our current employees and potential
employees are treated with respect. We welcome
job applications from all parts of the community




                                                                                                            STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT     46




GENDER PAY GAP REPORT                              NWG MEAN GENDER PAY GAP 2019
We are committed to the principle of equality of   Our Mean gender pay gap has reduced by 5% on
opportunity and equal treatment for all of our     last year.
employees. We published our gender pay gap
                                                                                                7.7%
figures in our Gender Pay Report March 2020,
which is available on our websites. We continue




                                                                                                        STRATEGIC REPORT
to make progress and our gender pay gap is
reducing, but we are not complacent and we
know that we have to do more to improve
inclusion at all levels of our organisation.
The gender pay gap is the difference between the   NWG MEAN BONUS GAP 2019
average hourly pay for all the men and women
working for the same organisation. It’s not the
same as equal pay, which is about a man and                                                    -42.6%
woman receiving the same pay for performing
the same or a similar job.
The mean gender pay gap is the percentage
difference in the average hourly pay for women
compared to men. The median pay gap is the
difference between the hourly pay rate for the     NWG MEDIAN GENDER PAY GAP 2019
median woman compared to the median man.
                                                   We are now below the ONS figure of 17.3%.
Our mean and median pay gaps have reduced
from 2018, and we are now below the ONS                                                         16.8%
average. Although we are proud of our work on
diversity, we know there is more we can do. We




                                                                                                        GOVERNANCE REPORT
remain committed to meaningful and sustainable
change, through understanding the underlying
issues, enabling progression and development for
all colleagues who want it, and to make sure we
access the best talent possible.                   NWG MEDIAN BONUS GAP 2019
We are constantly working to make NWL a great
place to work. That includes creating a                                                           0%
framework for an inclusive and diverse workforce
who are supported by our benefits programme.
We will continue to update on our progress and
policies to support this.
Over the next year, we will focus on:
• Providing more coaching and mentoring;           PROPORTION OF MEN AND WOMEN
• Continuing to ensure that, wherever possible,    PAID A BONUS
  shortlists for senior roles have a balance of
  genders;
                                                    23.2%




                                                                                                        STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
• Utilising role models from inside and outside
  the business to inspire and support female        25.9%
  talent;
• Engaging in the wider conversation about              Females         Males
  equality in the Utility sector, through our
  involvement in initiatives such as EU Skills;
  and
• Focusing on departments where gender
  balance is more challenging.
                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT   47




PAY QUARTILES BY GENDER                           BAND D
BAND A                                            All employees whose standard hourly rate places
                                                  them above the upper quartile.
All employees whose standard hourly rate places
them at or below the lower quartile.




                                                                                                      STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                      572               783                211
    383               783               400




BAND B                                            OVERALL TOTAL
All employees whose standard hourly rate places
them at or below median but above the lower
quartile.




                                                     2117              3132               1015




                                                                                                      GOVERNANCE REPORT
    544               783               239




                                                       Females         Males
BAND C
All employees whose standard hourly rate places
them above median but at or below the upper
quartile.




                                                                                                      STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    618               783               165
                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT     48




HEALTH AND SAFETY                                     WELLBEING
It is our aspiration and ethical responsibility to    We are committed to providing an environment
make sure that everyone goes home safe every          where people can maintain good physical and
day, which extends to our employees, supply           mental health and make informed lifestyle
chain partners and customers. Our Safety              choices. Our ‘Live Well, Work Well, Be Well’ health
performance improved significantly on the             and wellbeing programme continues to evolve




                                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT
previous year and we experienced our longest          and is driven by our top reasons for absence and
period of time - almost 100 days - without having     feedback we receive from employees. As part of
a lost time accident.                                 our annual wellbeing calendar we hold wellbeing
                                                      challenges for individuals or teams focusing on
To have a truly safe organisation we need to get
                                                      physical (weight loss and physical activity) and
four fundamental things right. We need safe
                                                      mental (energy and resilience) challenges, as well
people, a safe way of doing things, safe places and
                                                      as quarterly wellbeing weeks and monthly
we need to keep on learning. These are all vital
                                                      awareness campaigns.
components of our safety plan to encourage safe
behaviour and help us achieve our aspiration of       Our network of Wellbeing Champions support our
Everyone Home Safe Every Day.                         people by ensuring their teams are aware of our
                                                      internal wellbeing support such as our Employee
“Our workplaces are                                   Assistance Programme for mental health and our
                                                      Physiotherapy service for physical health. We
healthy and safe”                                     have continued our focus on mental health and
                                                      over the last year have trained over 30 Mental
                                                      Health First Aiders across the business to support
We continued to work on our safety awareness
                                                      people who may be struggling with their mental
within the business and our people carried out
                                                      health. We have also started a new programme
almost 30,000 ‘60 second checks’, a huge increase
                                                      for all people managers to receive mental health
compared to the previous year. We encourage
                                                      awareness training to equip them to have
employees to have safety conversations to not




                                                                                                            GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                      conversations with their people and spot signs
only stop unsafe behaviour but also as a positive
                                                      and symptoms, and personal resilience
indicator when someone is doing something
                                                      workshops are available to all employees.
right, and completed 3,221 safety conversations
last year.
We also extended our programme of managers’
safety visits, completing over 1,000 in the year.
This shows that our managers are visible and
looking at what’s working well and finding out
what we can do better on our sites. It also
encourages employees to talk about safety and
discuss any issues, concerns or ideas on how to
improve safety on sites.




                                                                                                            STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     STRATEGIC REPORT   49




THE POWER OF Z
We have invented a simple but innovative tool which


                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
helps measures the depth of underground water
pipes, to keep our workers safe and speed up the
regions’ roadworks in future.

The ‘Z stick’ idea was first discussed at our
Innovation Festival back in July 2019, to help
workers capture and record the depth of
underground water and sewer pipes across
our networks.
Paddy Garrett our Asset Systems Team Leader,
said: “It’s more important than ever that we know
the depth of our pipes, underneath our pavements
and roads the space is being over crowded with
the ever-increasing number of fibres and cables.
We already know the width and the height,
otherwise known as the X and Y position, of our




                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
assets, but this will help us measure the Z
position, and that’s how the Z stick was born.”
The Z stick, is a colour-coded stick which, when
placed into open excavations, helps to indicate to
our teams how deeply a pipe is buried. The blue,
green and red coloured bands on the tool
categorise the excavation as either shallow,
normal or deep and this information is being
measured and recorded from over 2,000 locations
as part of a pilot project. The data is used to
develop and recalibrate a 3D model of the entire
15,000km long network of water pipes.
This information will keep our people safe by
helping them to avoid accidental strikes to live
cables. It will enable us to despatch teams to
jobs knowing in advance of any specialist
equipment they may need to help dig and locate
the pipe safely and quickly, and complete the




                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
work faster and potentially with less disruption
for our customers.
This shows that innovation comes in all different
shapes and sizes and it’s not just about utilising
the latest new technology. Thanks to the Z stick,
our aim is that in future, any field worker or
planner about to dig, would be able to know
accurately how deep the network is at any
one point.
                                                                                STRATEGIC REPORT     50




COMMUNITIES
We know it is important to our customers that we


                                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT
support our local communities and is something they
want us to do.

We know we can have a positive impact on our          EMPLOYEE VOLUNTEERING
communities and their success. It is important to     Our ‘Just an Hour’ employee volunteering scheme
us to contribute to the economic wellbeing of the     is very important to us and is something we are
areas we serve and essential we make a wider          immensely proud of. Every year each of our team
contribution to life within our regions to support    have the opportunity to give a minimum of 15
this.                                                 working hours to support community initiatives.
We use our skills, assets and experience to           We know our communities can benefit from the
support communities in areas that our customers       wealth of knowledge, skills and expertise our
have told us are most important to them. Our          employees have to give. The programme is
activities have a ‘ripple effect’, going far beyond   designed to have an impact on education, the
our direct investment through trade with local        environment and the general wellbeing of the
suppliers to benefit our regional economies. We       community. In 2019, 42% of our people
see ourselves as part of our communities and          volunteered their time supporting 989
over the years we have developed an extensive         organisations across our communities.




                                                                                                          GOVERNANCE REPORT
community programme, that includes employee
volunteering, supporting important local events,
engaging and helping to educate young people          POWERED BY WATER
around important issues and long standing             Our Powered by Water campaign has been
partnerships that meet local community needs.         running for many years, and is designed to teach
                                                      young people the importance of staying well
“We are proud to                                      hydrated and avoiding sugary drinks in an
                                                      engaging and fun way through our sporting
contribute to the success                             partnerships. Thousands of young people across
                                                      our supply areas, have benefited from the
of local communities”                                 interactive educational workshop delivered with
                                                      our partners Newcastle Eagles Community
                                                      Foundation, MFC Foundation in Teesside,
We are an integral part of the communities in         Foundation of Light in Sunderland, Essex Cricket
which we operate. The health of our customers,        Foundation and Mowden Park Rugby Club in
their economic prosperity, and the surrounding        Darlington. In 2019 over 27,500 young people
environment all depend on how we deliver our          participated in a Powered by Water workshop,
services. Our reach into communities is               with many more having the opportunity to take
extensive, and we benefit from being one of the




                                                                                                          STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      part in 2020.
few organisations to have a relationship with all
of the households and businesses in our
operating areas. We take this responsibility          WATER RANGERS
seriously, and our customers agree that we are an
                                                      Our award-winning Water Rangers initiative, set
important part of the community.
                                                      up in 2014, consists of trained customer
                                                      volunteers who act as our eyes and ears on the
                                                      ground in the community and raise awareness of
                                                      any issues spotted on regular patrols along our
                                                      waterways. River guardians and catchment
                                                      partners also report any issues they see when
                                                      working in the water environment. In 2019
                                                      our volunteer Water Rangers carried out over
                                                      2,000 patrols.
                                                                                        STRATEGIC REPORT   51




BRANCH OUT                                            COMMUNITY PARTNERSHIPS
Our Branch Out fund helps to deliver projects that    We look beyond our annual finance and
benefit the natural environment and their local       performance reporting and also report on our
communities. A healthy natural environment is         influence and impact in the wider economy, the
essential for us today and to make sure we can        environment and society in Our Contribution
continue to supply top quality drinking water and     report, which is available on our websites. Some




                                                                                                                STRATEGIC REPORT
safely remove wastewater in the future. In            of the highlights are shown below.
2019/20 we supported 21 Branch Out projects
                                                      • 30,624 customers receiving support to make
providing £60,000 in funding. Since 2013, our
                                                        their bills more affordable;
Branch Out fund has supported 126 projects and
invested over £470,000 which has been used to         • £859,696 financial contribution to
leverage 12 times that amount in funding into our       environmental, community and charitable
regions. This has resulted in us being part of, and     non-governmental organisations;
helping to enable, an amazing £5.6million
                                                      • 989 organisations supported;
investment in wildlife and people across our
communities.                                          • 42% of our people volunteered to support
                                                        community projects giving 13,992 hours;

PARTNERSHIPS                                          • 13,000 young people supported through our
                                                        employability activity;
Partnership working is an essential aspect of our
approach as a water and wastewater provider. By       • over 1,200 ‘Refill Stations’;
working in partnership with other stakeholders,       • 12,000 people given access to clean water and
we are able to share the costs, risks and benefits      sanitation through our fundraising for
of addressing the challenges and opportunities          WaterAid;
faced by our business, and together make a
difference to our customers’ lives.                   • over 850,000 visitors to our historical and
                                                        ecological sites; and




                                                                                                                GOVERNANCE REPORT
“We work in partnership                               • over 2,000 patrols by 78 water ranger volunteers
                                                        to help protect our rivers.
towards common goals”
Our Partnership Strategy sets out how we work
with those whose values align with ours to
achieve the shared goals that are important to
our customers. Our partnerships are governed
through joint steering groups, codes of practice
and charters. We are a trusted partner of local,
national and global strategic partnerships,
influencing water policy and regulation to be
progressive and sustainable.
Many of those partnerships have been described
elsewhere in this report, such as our customer
affordability partnerships, with StepChange and




                                                                                                                STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NEA, and our catchment partnerships on page 27.
                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT      52




WORKING TOGETHER FOR
THE FUTURE OF WATER

                                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT
Water Resources East (WRE) was officially established
as a not for profit, independent company back in
June 2019.

The focus of WRE is simple; recognising the           population growth, but there are also
impact that climate change and population             opportunities to protect and enhance our water
growth will continue to have on Eastern               supply and benefit the wider region. It makes
England′s finite water supply, combined with the      sense for water companies to come together in
need to enhance the environment in this region.       this way to achieve our common goals and
                                                      deliver positive solutions for our customers.”
WRE is one of five regional water resource
planning groups working as part of the EA′s           The next phase of WRE′s work will focus on the
development of a national framework for water         delivery of pilot projects within water-stressed
resource management, but is the first to set itself   catchments in the region. These pilots will focus
up as an independent legal entity. This has been      on the links between land management and
formed by a collaborative partnership comprising      water management and will seek to maximise
Anglian Water; Affinity Water; Cambridge Water;       and account for environmental and Natural




                                                                                                            GOVERNANCE REPORT
Essex and Suffolk Water; Severn Trent Water; the      Capital benefits.
National Farmers′ Union; RWE Generation;
                                                      As part of one set of pilots, land owners will be
Lincolnshire County Council; Suffolk Growth
                                                      encouraged to develop multi-sector water storage
Programme Board (on behalf of all Local
                                                      reservoirs, capturing excess water from winter
Authorities in Suffolk) and Norfolk County
                                                      rainfall and floods. This water could then be used
Council. Other organisations are expected to join
                                                      to benefit the whole regional economy to bolster
over the coming months.
                                                      the regions water supply, support agriculture,
Eliane Algaard, our Water Director said: “We are      enhance fenland conservation and reduce flood
excited to be a part of WRE and looking forward       risk. These new reservoirs will be supported by
to working in collaboration with the other water      further interconnecting pipes to enable water to
companies and organisations going forward. We         be moved around the region, irrespective of water
know we face some significant challenges in the       company boundaries.
East such as responding to climate change and




                                                                                                            STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT     53




REPUTATION
TRUST                                                The report shows that most customers were
                                                     generally satisfied with the service they received,




                                                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT
Our reputation is extremely important to us and
                                                     however we know our customers’ expectations
we are proud to have again been named as one of
                                                     are rising, along with those of our stakeholders,
the ‘most ethical companies’ in the world by the
                                                     shareholders and regulators. This report gives us
Ethisphere institute. Ethisphere promotes best
                                                     the opportunity to see how we are performing
practices for ethics and compliance globally,
                                                     against other companies and gives us an insight
recognising companies for transparency and
                                                     into what our customers opinion is and their
standards of integrity. We’re the only water
                                                     perception of the service they receive from us.
company in the world to be included in this year’s
World’s Most Ethical Company list and one of
only four UK based companies on the list.            BiTC’s RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS
We have worked hard to give our customers a          TRACKER®
high level of trust and confidence in our            The BiTC Responsible Business Tracker is a
governance and assurance arrangements. We            measurement tool that allows organisations to
published Our Assurance Plan for 2019/20,            fairly assess and benchmark their responsible
following consultation with customers and            business performance within communities and
stakeholders, setting out how we intend to meet      the environment. Last year we were one of the
our obligations and commitments and providing        first companies to take part in the Tracker in its
information of appropriate quality. We have          pilot year. This year we were one of 94 companies
published a Data Assurance Summary as part of        across all 24 different sectors taking part. We are
our suite of annual reporting which describes        delighted to report that we scored 81% overall,
what assurance we have carried out on our data




                                                                                                           GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                     meaning that we are leading our Energy and
reporting any key findings. This confirms that       Utilities benchmark group and the cohort as a
that there were no significant issues to report.     whole in responsible business practice, including
Our assurance framework builds upon our              healthy ecosystems and net zero carbon.
company-wide accreditation to: ISO 14001             The national insights report has been published
Environmental Management; ISO 55001 Asset            which summarises the key findings and best
Management and our sampling and laboratory           practice examples from the 2019/20 Tracker cycle
analysis accreditation to the demanding ISO          and what they could mean in the context of the
17025.                                               Covid-19 pandemic.
                                                     www.bitc.org.uk/report/2019-20-responsible-
“We are a company that                               business-tracker-insights-report

customers can trust”

WATER MARK
CCWater has introduced its Water Mark




                                                                                                           STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
assessment, using previously published
information on customers’ views, complaint
numbers and operational performance to
highlight how companies are performing in a
simple table. Every area of performance,
including trust, has been assessed and graded
and companies have been ranked to show overall
performance.
In our Northumbrian area we were 1st of the 11
water and sewerage companies and in our Essex
and Suffolk area we were 8th for water only
companies. We will look at the previous reports
that were combined in this assessment so we can
better understand the scoring and see where the
differences are between the two areas.
                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT     54




FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
AND STRUCTURE

                                                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT
GROUP STRUCTURE                                        Company as defined by the applicable accounting
NWL is a wholly owned subsidiary of                    standards.
Northumbrian Water Group Limited (NWGL).               The chart below shows the structure of the Group
NWGL has one other direct subsidiary, NWG              and the upstream links to CKHH as at 31 March
Commercial Solutions Limited, which acts as a          2020. The chart shows the principal intermediate
holding company for other non-regulated trading        holding companies, which are wholly owned
companies. NWGL also owns 50% of a joint               unless otherwise shown. The 40%/40%/20% split
venture company, Wave Ltd. which, through its          above NWGL represents the economic rights of
trading subsidiary, carries out Non-household          Business Thrive Limited (BTL), CK Infrastructure
(NHH) retail activities in England and Scotland.       Holdings Limited (CKI) and Li Ka Shing
Note 25 describes the Company’s relationship           Foundation Limited under NWGL’s Articles of
with CK Hutchison Holdings Limited (CKHH). The         Association.
Company has been informed by CKHH that, by             CKHH, CKI, BTL and NWGL have provided
virtue of contractual arrangements entered into        Ultimate Controller undertakings to the Company
with other parties, with effect from 30 December       in accordance with the provisions of the
2019 it ceased to have a controlling interest in the   Company’s Instrument of Appointment (Licence).


                CK Hutchison Holdings Limited*




                                                                                                           GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                               Hutchison
                                             Infrastructure
                                            Holdings Limited


                                              c.72%

     Business Thrive                        CK Infrastructure                       Li Ka Shing
         Limited                            Holdings Limited*                    Foundation Limited



      40%                                     40%                                   20%




                                                                                                           STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              Northumbrian
                                               Water Group
                                                 Limited
                                                                                             50%


      Northumbrian                          NWG Commercial
                                                                                      Wave Ltd
      Water Limited                         Solutions Limited


        financing                                trading                              trading
       subsidiaries                            subsidiaries                          subsidiary



* Companies listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.
                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT       55




FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE                                enacted. Further details of the net tax charge are
The financial KPIs we report in our balanced         provided in note 7 to the Financial Statements.
scorecard on page 23 reflect the financial           Profit for the year ended 31 March 2020 was
covenants underpinning our committed bank            £148.6m (31 March 2019: £168.8m).
facilities and regulatory gearing, which are         A final dividend of £65.0m for the year ended 31
reported to each Board meeting. These KPIs all       March 2019 was paid in April 2019 and that




                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
remained better than the target for the year.        comprised the total of dividends paid in the year
The Company’s income statement, statement of         ended 31 March 2020 (31 March 2019: £130.0m). No
comprehensive income, balance sheet, statement       dividends have been proposed, approved or paid
of changes in equity and cash flow statement are     in respect of the year ended 31 March 2020. The
set out on pages 106 to 110. The Financial           dividend policy, and how the policy has been
Statements have been prepared on an historical       applied in the year, is explained in note 8 to the
cost basis in accordance with Financial              Financial Statements.
Reporting Standard (FRS) 101, reflecting
International Financial Reporting Standards          CAPITAL INVESTMENT
(IFRS) with reduced disclosures. The key
accounting policies are summarised in note 1 to      Total fixed asset additions in the year ended 31
the Financial Statements on pages 111 to 118. A      March 2020 were £280.4m (31 March 2019:
new accounting standard, IFRS 16 Leases, was         £279.5m). Around £187m of this investment
adopted in the year and the impact of transition     related to the maintenance of our asset base to
to the new standard is explained in note 1(r).       ensure the continued provision of sustainable
                                                     water and wastewater services in the areas we
Revenue was £900.4m for the year ended 31            serve. In addition we have continued to enhance
March 2020 (31 March 2019: £869.1m). This reflects   our asset base, in particular to reduce the risk of
an increase in wholesale charges, set in line with   sewer flooding, to improve water and wastewater
the revenue allowance from the FD of price           treatment compliance and to support new
controls for 2015-20, which increased by a ‘K




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                     development activity in our areas of operation.
factor’ of 0.1% plus Retail Prices Index (RPI)
inflation of 3.2%, and an increase in non-           Significant investments in the year included the
regulated revenue related to the recovery of costs   successful first phase of implementation of new
under the Kielder Water Resources Operating          systems under our iAM programme, for
Agreement (WROA).                                    wastewater network and for water network in
                                                     ESW, and progress on the upgrade of Horsley
Operating costs, including capital maintenance       water treatment works, which serves Newcastle.
costs, for the year ended 31 March 2020 were         We also completed our second gas to grid plant at
£541.6m (31 March 2019: £530.3m). The increase of    Bran Sands.
£11.3m includes a provision of £6.5m to reflect
additional bad debt risk on household revenue as
a result of the economic impact of the Covid-19      CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND LIQUIDITY
pandemic on our customers, and increases in          The Company’s long-term debt structure
staff salaries and depreciation charges from         remained largely unchanged with 61% fixed at an
capital investment programme, partially offset by    average rate of 4.44%, 38% index-linked at an
cost efficiencies.                                   average real rate of 1.27% and 1% on a variable
Net interest payable was £112.4m in the year         rate basis, after allowing for hedging instruments.
ended 31 March 2020 (31 March 2019: £130.9m).        The slight increase in index-linked debt reflected




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The reduction of £18.5m relates to lower accretion   the £100m Consumer Prices Index (CPI) linked
on index-linked bonds, and smaller adverse           issuance, described below. The blended average
movements on the market valuation of                 nominal rate for the Company for the year ended
derivatives compared to the previous year. Profit    31 March 2020 was 4.22% (31 March 2019: 4.19%).
before taxation for the year ended 31 March 2020     Our committed five year bank facility of £450m,
was £246.4m (31 March 2019: £207.9m).                which is for the purpose of maintaining general
The current tax charge for the year ended 31         liquidity, was undrawn at 31 March 2020. During
March 2020 was £38.9m (31 March 2019: £33.6m).       the year, the maturity date of this facility was
The increase in the charge mainly reflects higher    extended to December 2024.
profit before tax. The deferred tax charge for the   In July 2019, the Company placed its first CPI-
year ended 31 March 2020 was £58.9m (31 March        linked issuance, as a UK private placement
2019: £5.5m). The significant increase in the        through its financing subsidiary Northumbrian
charge is due primarily to a restatement of          Water Finance plc (NWF). This was issued at a
deferred tax from 17% to 19%. This reflected the     principal of £100m on a forward settlement basis
decision by government to reverse the planned        for a tenor of 20 years, with a coupon of CPI plus
reduction to 17% which had been previously           0.242%.
                                                                                   STRATEGIC REPORT     56



The gearing KPI, which is measured per the             Interest rate risk
financial covenant for the committed facility and      The Company finances its operations through
excludes loans receivable, increased slightly from     a mixture of retained profits and borrowings.
67.2% to 67.8%, remaining well within target.          It borrows at both fixed and variable rates of
Interest cover improved from 3.6 to 4.0, also          interest and, on occasion, uses derivatives to
remaining comfortably better than target.              generate the desired interest profile and to
Regulatory gearing was 67.2%, also below our           manage its exposure to interest rate fluctuations.




                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
target level of 70.0%.                                 The Company’s policy is to keep a minimum
The Company retains strong investment grade            50% of its borrowings at fixed rates of interest.
credit ratings of BBB+ (negative outlook) from         At 31 March 2020, 61% (31 March 2019: 63%) of the
Standard & Poor’s (S&P) and Baa1 (negative             borrowings of the Company were at fixed rates of
outlook) from Moody’s. The Moody’s outlook             interest. Index-linked borrowings are treated as
reflects its view on the gearing level of our parent   variable rate debt.
company, NWGL, whilst recognising the strength
of the regulatory ring-fence. Moody’s has              Credit risk
extended the review period pending the outcome         The Company invests surplus cash with banks on
of the CMA review process. S&P updated its             a short-term basis. The treasury policy specifies
outlook to CreditWatch negative to reflect the         which counterparties the Company can invest
uncertain outcome of the CMA review. We report         with and sets a limit for the maximum exposure
on our financial resilience in our viability           to each counterparty. These limits take account
statement on pages 102 to 103.                         of published credit ratings. There is no material
                                                       customer credit risk as no individual customer
TREASURY POLICIES                                      accounts for a significant proportion of income or
The Board is responsible for the financing             debt. Note 1(o) of the Financial Statements sets
strategy of the Company which is determined            out the Company’s bad debt policy.
within treasury policies set by NWGL. The
                                                       Foreign currency risk
treasury policies set out how the risks associated




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
with treasury activities are managed, which are        The Company’s policy is that any foreign
summarised below. On occasion, derivatives are         currency exposure in excess of £100,000 sterling
used as part of this process, but the treasury         equivalent of a transactional nature, or £3m
policy prohibits their use for speculation.            sterling equivalent of a translation nature, should
                                                       be covered as soon as they are identified. At 31
Funding risk                                           March 2020, the Company had forward foreign
The level of capital expenditure which NWL is          exchange contracts of £1.8m (31 March 2019:
obliged to incur is such that we cannot be wholly      £4.3m) for the purpose of hedging the foreign
cash financed by internally generated sources. As      currency risk of committed future purchases.
a result, we must rely upon raising additional
                                                       Market price risk
finance on a regular basis, to be principally used
to fund the long-term assets required by the           The Company’s exposure to market price risk
regulated business. In order to raise this finance     principally comprises interest rate exposure. The
efficiently, the Board’s aim is to retain prudent      Company’s policy is to accept a degree of interest
investment grade credit ratings. A reduction in        rate risk. On the basis of the Company’s analysis,
the credit rating would likely restrict future         it is estimated that a 1% rise in interest rates
sources of funding, increase the associated cost       would not have a significant effect.
of new borrowing and prompt discussions with




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
the European Investment Bank (EIB) about the
existing facilities in place.

Liquidity risk
The Company’s policy is to have available
standby committed bank borrowing facilities
with a value of no less than £50m and with a
bank agreement availability period of no less
than three months. At 31 March 2020, NWL had
£450m (31 March 2019: £440m) of undrawn bank
facilities, provided by a group of five key
relationship banks, which mature in 2024.
                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT      57




RISK REPORT
RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK                             Those risks in the departmental risk registers
The Board sets the tone for risk management           with a managed risk score above a defined




                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
within the Company, supported by the R&CSC,           threshold are classed as ‘significant risks’ and are
and determines the appropriate risk appetite. The     reported in the Corporate Risk Register. This is
Board’s view of acceptable risk is based on a         reviewed monthly by the ELT and at each
balanced view of all of the risks in the operating    meeting of the R&CSC.
environment and it aims to ensure an appropriate      We define strategic risks as those which are
balance between risk aversion and opportunities.      foreseeable, but not with sufficient clarity to be
The Board’s approach to monitoring, managing          assessed within the corporate risk model. These
and mitigating risk, and the work undertaken by       are captured in a Strategic Risk Register and a
the R&CSC during the year, is set out in the          sub-group of the Board reviews these strategic
Governance Report.                                    risks annually, most recently in November 2019.
The ELT implements policies on risk
management and internal control, ensuring that        PRINCIPAL RISKS AND
risks are appropriately controlled, managed and
reported and that remedial action is taken as
                                                      UNCERTAINTIES
appropriate. The Company’s approach to risk           The R&CSC, on behalf of the Board, carried out a
management is set out in our Risk Management          robust assessment of the principal risks facing
Framework, which has been endorsed by the             the Company, including those that would
R&CSC, and is managed through a corporate risk        threaten its business model, future performance,
model.                                                solvency or liquidity, taking account of both the
                                                      highest rated risks on our Corporate Risk Register




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Risk Management Framework sets out our
                                                      and the Strategic Risk Register identified by the
process for identifying, analysing and evaluating
                                                      Sub-committee.
risk across the business. Risk champions within
each area of the business co-ordinate the             The conclusions of this assessment are
identification and assessment of risks for their      summarised on the heat map below. This shows
area of responsibility and record these in a          the current exposure of each of the principal risks
departmental risk register. Risk champions meet       and an indication of whether the risk is
on a quarterly basis to share learning and ensure     increasing, stable or reducing. The table on pages
consistency of approach.                              59 to 63 then describes each of the principal risks
                                                      in more detail, along with our approach to
Each risk is assessed against defined likelihood
                                                      mitigating these risks. The risks are not set out in
and consequence criteria on both an unmanaged
                                                      order of priority. These principal risks have also
and managed basis, producing a risk score. The
                                                      been considered in our assessment of financial
management controls and responsibilities are
                                                      resilience, as set out in our viability statement on
documented and the effectiveness of the control
                                                      pages 102 to 103.
assessed. An assurance map details the external
and internal assurance provided over the
controls. We also set a target risk and, where this
is below the current managed risk score, set out




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
an action plan to achieve the desired risk
reduction.
                                                                                        STRATEGIC REPORT         58




A. Health & Safety
B. Customer trust and confidence
C. Water service failure
D. Wastewater service failure




                                                                                                                      STRATEGIC REPORT
E. Impact of pandemic
F. Effect of climate change                                                    C                      E     K
G. Cyber security /
   Information management
H. Regulatory and political
   changes                                                         I
I. Funding and liquidity
J. Pension contributions                                           F
K. Financial performance
                                                    A          G       H       J
   Operational
   Financial
   Compliance
                                                B       D
                                     Impact
   Risk increasing
   Risk stable




                                                                                                                      GOVERNANCE REPORT
   Risk decreasing                            Likelihood


Impact of pandemic                                          potential scale and wide-ranging effect of such
The risk associated with a pandemic has been                an occurrence. As a result, the R&CSC has
identified historically within the Company’s risk           decided that this should be added to the
register but has not previously been considered to          principal risks of the business. This is described
be a principal risk. This was because the impact            on page 60.
had been considered to be relatively moderate.
However, the unprecedented impact of the
Covid-19 pandemic and, in particular the
lockdown measures implemented by
government, has clearly demonstrated the




                                                                                                                      STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT     59




OPERATIONAL RISKS

 DESCRIPTION OF RISK                    MITIGATION                                    CHANGE FROM PRIOR YEAR

 Health & safety                        The health and safety of our staff,           No change (focus on
                                        contractors and members of the public         continuous improvement).
 The nature of our operational and




                                                                                                                      STRATEGIC REPORT
                                        is our highest priority. We are proud of
 construction workplaces means
                                        our record of maintaining a healthy and
 that there is a significant inherent
                                        safe workplace, but not complacent,
 risk to the health and safety of our
                                        and we are working hard to improve this
 staff and supply chain of which we
                                        further.
 are acutely conscious.
                                        Health and safety matters are given a
                                        high priority at all meetings of our ELT
 Our workplaces are healthy and safe    and Board. Long-term planning and
                                        targets are set to drive continuous
                                        improvement. This is underpinned by
                                        our focus on improving behavioural
                                        safety and creating a great safety
                                        culture.
                                        Our health and safety management
                                        system defines clear arrangements and
                                        responsibilities for implementation and
                                        management throughout the Company,
                                        and this is externally audited as part of
                                        our OHSAS 18001 certification.

 Customer trust and confidence          Our unrivalled customer experience            No change (focus on
                                        strategy was co-created with our              continuous improvement
 Our customers are at the heart of




                                                                                                                      GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                        customers so that we could understand         against a background of
 everything we do and failure to
                                        what was really important to them. We         increasing customer
 deliver a consistently unrivalled
                                        continue to involve customers through         expectations).
 customer experience or negative
                                        active participation and over 400,000 of
 media coverage resulting in a poor
                                        our customers helped to shape our
 public perception of our reputation
                                        Business Plan for 2020-25.
 could damage our customers’ trust
 and confidence in our business.        We have invested in significant
                                        improvements in our customer facing
                                        systems and the digital experience we
 We provide excellent service and       offer to our customers.
 impress our customers                  We continue to improve our support for
                                        customers in vulnerable circumstances,
 Our customers consider the services
                                        through our Inclusivity Strategy,
 they receive to be value for money
                                        StepChange partnership and new
 We are a company that customers        affordability tariffs. We plan to take this
 can trust                              further through our commitment to
                                        eradicate water poverty across our
                                        supply areas.

 Water service failure                  We operate a risk-based prioritisation        No change.




                                                                                                                      STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        process for the maintenance and
 A problem in our water system
                                        replacement of our assets. We are ISO
 could cause either a major loss of
                                        55001 (Asset Management) certified on
 supply or for unfit water to be
                                        a company-wide basis, demonstrating
 supplied.
                                        that we follow best practice in the
 This could have many potential         long-term management of our assets.
 causes, including the failure of a     We monitor the effectiveness of our
 strategic water main or treatment      asset management through a number of
 works, loss of power supply or         asset health measures.
 contamination of a service             We have well developed business
 reservoir.                             continuity plans in place for managing
                                        incidents, down to a site specific level.
                                        These are regularly tested.
 We provide a reliable and sufficient
                                        We restrict access to our treated water
 supply of water
                                        network through authorisation and
 We supply clean, clear drinking        physical security measures.
 water that tastes good
                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT   60




DESCRIPTION OF RISK                    MITIGATION                                  CHANGE FROM PRIOR YEAR

Wastewater service failure             We operate a risk-based prioritisation      No change.
                                       process for the maintenance and
A problem in our wastewater
                                       replacement of our assets. We are ISO
system could cause either
                                       55001 (Asset Management) certified on
significant environmental pollution
                                       a company-wide basis, demonstrating




                                                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT
or flooding of customer properties.
                                       that we follow best practice in the
This could have many potential         long-term management of our assets.
causes, including insufficient         We monitor the effectiveness of our
network capacity to cope with          asset management through a number of
severe weather events,                 asset health measures.
misconnected properties and the        We continue to invest heavily in
consequences of sewer blockages        preventing pollution and sewer flooding
or collapses.                          and have a pollution management
                                       programme with multiple workstreams
                                       to tackle the root causes.
We provide a sewerage service that
                                       We engage with our customers and
deals effectively with sewage and
                                       local communities through initiatives
heavy rainfall
                                       such as ‘Love Your Drain’ and Water
                                       Rangers and working with partners to
                                       deliver SuDS.
                                       We are also investing significantly in
                                       proactive maintenance and cleaning of
                                       the network, real time monitoring and
                                       analysis, flooding mitigation and
                                       investment to increase network
                                       capacity.




                                                                                                                  GOVERNANCE REPORT
Impact of pandemic
Unavailability of staff due to a       Our response to the Covid-19 pandemic       New principal risk
pandemic outbreak. This could          has demonstrated that we can continue
result in a significant impact on a    to operate effectively even under strict
number of business areas with          lockdown conditions.
people, service, operational and       We have well developed business
financial consequences including       continuity plans in place which have
the Company’s ability to deliver       been updated through Covid-19
services to customers.                 pandemic.
Also, impact of an extended            We have been able to quickly enable
lockdown or social distancing          large parts of our customer and support
measures impacting on our              service teams to work remotely from
customers and ability to function      home, as well as maintaining
normally.                              operational activities, taking account of
                                       Covid-19 risk assessments and with
Financial risks include reduced
                                       appropriate adjustments.
revenue from customers, increased
operating costs, impacts on




                                                                                                                  STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
delivery of capital investment and
potential impacts on PCs.
We provide excellent service and
impress our customers
We provide a reliable and sufficient
supply of water
We provide a sewerage service that
deals effectively with sewage and
heavy rainfall
                                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT           61




 DESCRIPTION OF RISK                    MITIGATION                                  CHANGE FROM PRIOR YEAR

 Effect of climate change               Our approach to mitigating short-term       Increasing risk over time,
                                        risks of service failures on our water      especially in relation to sewer
 In the short term, climate change
                                        and wastewater businesses are set out       flooding.
 may cause more volatile weather
                                        in the risks above.
 conditions which could impact on




                                                                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT
 customer service through               We consider the longer-term impacts of
 disrupting water supply or causing     climate change in our long-term
 sewer flooding.                        planning, such as our Water Resource
                                        Management Plan, and identify long
 Over the longer term, climate          term solutions to future potential
 change could impact on water           resilience issues well in advance.
 resources resilience and the
                                        Our Resilience Framework provides a
 integrity of our assets.
                                        structure for us to achieve resilience in
 This may be exacerbated by             the round by taking an integrated and
 growing population and ongoing         systematic approach to understanding
 urbanisation.                          risk and resilience challenges across all
                                        of our business areas and how they
 We provide a reliable and sufficient
                                        interact.
 supply of water
 We provide a sewerage service that
 deals effectively with sewage and
 heavy rainfall
 We deliver water and sewerage
 services that meet the needs of
 current and future generations in a
 changing world




                                                                                                                           GOVERNANCE REPORT
COMPLIANCE RISKS
 DESCRIPTION OF RISK                    MITIGATION                                  CHANGE FROM PRIOR YEAR

 Cyber security                         Our Information Security policy sets out    No change.
                                        our commitment to the continuous
 Key business systems could be
                                        improvement of information security
 lost as a result of a malicious
                                        controls and culture throughout the
 attack or failure of cyber security.
                                        business. This is delivered through
 Sensitive data could be released in    software and hardware access controls,
 breach of the Data Protection Act,     additional levels of security for web-
 General Data Protection Regulation     facing systems and clear policies and
 (GDPR) or Environmental                procedures and user awareness,
 Information Regulations (EIR).         supported by briefings and training.
 May not comply with obligations        We have implemented a resilient
 under the Networks & Information       infrastructure which includes full
 Systems Directive.                     back-up and recovery, and also
                                        fail-over to other hardware in the event
 We are a company that customers        of a local failure.




                                                                                                                           STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 can trust
                                        Data is protected through access
                                        controls, laptop encryption and
                                        awareness briefings. A ten point data
                                        protection action plan has been
                                        developed to further mitigate the risks.
                                        This activity is supported by a
                                        dedicated team covering security, data
                                        protection and EIR.
                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT           62




 DESCRIPTION OF RISK                     MITIGATION                                   CHANGE FROM PRIOR YEAR

 Regulatory and political changes        Externally driven, but we have actively      Increased regulatory
                                         engaged with Ofwat throughout the            uncertainty through CMA
 Changes to the Licence or
                                         current price review process by              referral.
 regulatory methodology could
                                         responding to formal consultations and       Reduced political uncertainty
 impact adversely on the balance of
                                         regular direct dialogue.




                                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
 risk and return or reduce investor                                                   after UK General Election.
 confidence in the stability and         The CMA referral will independently
 predictability of the regulatory        review our PR19 FD providing a further
 framework.                              opportunity to set out and support our
                                         plans.
 Outcome of PR19 process remains
                                         We continue to engage with all political
 uncertain as a result of referral to
                                         stakeholders, both directly and through
 CMA.
                                         Water UK, to ensure that any debate is
 A change in future government           well-informed.
 could introduce significant changes     This risk is also mitigated by our
 in policy.                              excellent performance, behaviours and
                                         values.

 Our finances are sound, stable and
 achieve a fair balance between
 customers and investors


FINANCIAL RISKS
 DESCRIPTION OF RISK                     MITIGATION                                   CHANGE FROM PRIOR YEAR

 Funding and liquidity risk              The Board has approved treasury              Risk remains heightened due




                                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                         policies which set out how we manage         to uncertainty in financial
 A key funding risk would be an
                                         treasury risks (see page 56).                markets as a result of the UK’s
 inability to access future funding at
                                         Our five year plans identify future          process to exit the EU and
 acceptable rates due to market
                                         borrowing requirements and we plan           Covid-19 impacts.
 uncertainty. Future borrowing costs
 could increase as a result of a         our financing strategy accordingly over
 credit rating downgrade or the loss     this time horizon. This is supported by
 of EIB as a source of low cost          £450m of standby committed borrowing
 funding, due to Brexit.                 facilities, which was fully undrawn at 31
                                         March 2020, and we maintain
 Liquidity risk could arise due to       substantial headroom in the financial
 breaching financial covenants on        covenants for these facilities.
 committed facilities.
                                         We are committed to maintaining our
                                         investment grade credit ratings and
                                         manage our financial plans accordingly.
 Our finances are sound, stable and
                                         Our viability statement on pages 102 to
 achieve a fair balance between
                                         103 reports on the financial resilience of
 customers and investors
                                         our plan over a ten year time horizon.


 Pensions                                We have an agreed schedule of                No change. Actuarial valuation




                                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         contributions from our most recent           in progress.
 Risk of increased pension deficit at
                                         actuarial valuation of our defined
 the next actuarial valuation of our
                                         benefit pension scheme, as at 31
 defined benefit pension scheme (at
                                         December 2016. Our employer
 31 December 2019) as a result of
                                         covenant remains strong, reflecting the
 market conditions, increasing
                                         long-term nature of our business and
 balance sheet liabilities and some
                                         25 year rolling term of our Licence.
 measures of gearing.
 Risk of increased employer
 contributions, for either ongoing
 service obligations or to repair the
 pension deficit.


 Our finances are sound, stable and
 achieve a fair balance between
 customers and investors
                                                                                               STRATEGIC REPORT        63




 DESCRIPTION OF RISK                       MITIGATION                                   CHANGE FROM PRIOR YEAR

 Financial performance                     We are implementing a range of               Increased, due to outcome of
                                           efficiency actions for both operating        PR19 FD and continued
 A failure to deliver our financial
                                           and capital expenditure and progress is      uncertainty through the CMA
 plans could impact on expected
                                           reported monthly to ELT. We maintain         referral process.
 shareholder returns.
                                           more than 50% of our borrowings on




                                                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT
 This could result from significant        fixed rates, providing certainty.
 adverse movements on costs,               We resubmitted our PR19 Business
 interest or tax or a failure to deliver   Plan in the light of Ofwat’s Initial
 efficiency commitments.                   Assessment, including additional
 A sustained period of low CPI(H)          evidence supporting our expenditure
 inflation could depress RCV,              plans.
 increasing gearing.                       The CMA referral will independently
                                           review our PR19 FD providing a further
 The Board asked Ofwat to refer the
                                           opportunity to set out and support our
 PR19 FD to the CMA as it
                                           plans.
 concluded that it would adversely
 impact the long term financial            Our viability statement on pages 102 to
 resilience of the business.               103 reports on the financial resilience of
                                           our plan over a ten year time horizon.

 Our finances are sound, stable and
 achieve a fair balance between
 customers and investors



BREXIT RISK




                                                                                                                            GOVERNANCE REPORT
The R&CSC has considered risks to the business
which could result from the UK leaving the
European Union (EU) without a trade agreement,
but does not consider this to be a principal risk,
other than in relation to future EIB funding as
explained above. We have engaged with
government, our supply chain and other
stakeholders to review potential impacts of
restrictions being placed on trading with the EU.
Whilst NWL operates entirely within the UK, we
are conscious that some of our supply chain does
rely on transportation from Europe. We have
made appropriate preparations to mitigate
against these risks and ensure continuity of
service.
By order of the Board




                                                                                                                            STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
H Mottram, CEO
15 July 2020
                                      GOVERNANCE


                                        REPORT


                                                                        GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                                                        64




STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   GOVERNANCE REPORT   STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                                                 GOVERNANCE REPORT         65




CHAIRMAN’S INTRODUCTION
The Board of NWL recognises that the Company has


                                                                                                                STRATEGIC REPORT
a very important role in the lives and wellbeing of its
customers and that it is a privilege to be entrusted
to provide essential public services to millions of
customers.

                         We also have key              will be at least as high as in previous years and
                         environmental                 higher wherever appropriate.
                         responsibilities and we
                                                       As a private company with NWL’s ownership
                         are a significant employer
                                                       structure, we believe it is consistent with good
                         and buyer of goods and
                                                       corporate governance for there to be significant
                         services. The NWL Board
                                                       shareholder representation on the Board,
                         understands and accepts
                                                       including the Chairmanship. However, we accept
                         its responsibilities and
                                                       that there needs to be an appropriate balance.
                         listened carefully to the
  A J Hunter                                           Currently, there are four INEDs and four further
                         views of our many
                                                       NEDs (including me as Chairman). This year we
                         stakeholders throughout
                                                       intend to appoint an additional INED which will




                                                                                                                GOVERNANCE REPORT
the preparation of our Plan. As I explain in my
                                                       make INEDs the largest single group on the
statement at page 4, the Company asked Ofwat to
                                                       Board.
refer its FD of the 2019 Price Review to the CMA
for a redetermination and the outcome of this          The INEDs play a very significant role in the
process will be known in due course. The Board         functioning of the Company and are instrumental
remains fully committed to ensuring that NWL           in all aspects of the Board’s work, taking a leading
continues to provide excellent customer service,       role on the various Committees, which the Board
and is ethical and fair in its relationship with all   relies on. The Committees are effectively led by
stakeholders.                                          the INEDs (within agreed parameters) and handle
                                                       a very significant volume of important work and
Corporate governance requirements continue to
                                                       present options and proposals to the Board.
evolve and, last year, Ofwat prescribed four new
objectives (the 2019 Objectives) which it expects      Our four current INEDs are highly experienced,
us to meet. These are set out on pages 74 to 80        capable and independently-minded professionals
below, where we have also explained how we             with a diverse range of experience and talents.
meet them. The 2019 Objectives have now been           Working with the other NEDs, they scrutinise the
incorporated into each company’s Licence. Along        performance of management in meeting agreed
with most others in the sector, NWL consented to       goals and objectives and monitor the reporting of
the change, noting Ofwat’s acknowledgement             performance. We believe our current governance




                                                                                                                STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
that companies will have scope to demonstrate          arrangements, with strong INED leadership,
compliance in different ways. That flexibility is      ensure that there is always sufficient
consistent with the view of the Financial              independent membership and judgement on the
Reporting Council (FRC) that there is no ‘one-         Board, further supporting the Board and its
size-fits-all’ version of corporate governance.        Committees in making high quality decisions
                                                       that address diverse customer and stakeholder
The 2019 Objectives are now the primary
                                                       needs. This independent voice will be further
governance framework against which NWL will
                                                       expanded when we appoint a fifth INED later this
report, but the Board has agreed that it would also
                                                       year. Moreover, in accordance with common
be appropriate to report compliance with the
                                                       governance practice, all four current INEDs will
Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large
                                                       step down by the end of 2021 and be succeeded by
Private Companies (the Wates Principles). NWL
                                                       new appointees, which will allow new talent and
has, in prior years, reported compliance with the
                                                       experience to be brought to the Board.
UK Corporate Governance Code. Whilst we will
now focus on the 2019 Objectives and the Wates
Principles, our standards of corporate governance
                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT      66




As I explained in last year’s report, the Board      I am pleased to report that our recent Board
functions as an integrated whole. All Directors      evaluation exercise delivered very positive
have the same legal responsibilities and each        feedback on how the Board operates. We again
Director understands his or her individual           engaged Professor Giovanna Michelon (a
responsibility to act in the best interests of the   specialist in corporate governance and social
Company, as well as the importance of the            responsibility) to facilitate the exercise and her




                                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT
service provided to our customers and our            report concludes that the Board and its
environmental responsibilities. All Directors play   Committees are working effectively, as evidenced
a full part in Board meetings and shape the          by healthy and challenging discussions, an
Company’s strategy, as well as ensuring that         appropriate and balanced mix of expertise and
customers’ interests are fully considered in any     competencies and the high quality work carried
investment and operational decisions. The            out by the Committees. These findings are
composition of the Board ensures a sound             entirely consistent with my own view of how well
balance of experience, knowledge and                 the Board works, on behalf of all the Company’s
independence and that decision making is not         stakeholders.
dominated by any single group.
Paul Rew, our Senior INED, sets out in his report
(on pages 67 to 68) how the INEDs are fully
involved in all the main aspects of NWL’s
governance and, throughout the year, were
invited to, and participated in, all the Board
meetings of our holding company, NWGL (except
                                                     A J Hunter
in relation to NHH retail business).
                                                     Chairman
In practice, the Company complies with the 2019
Ofwat Objectives and, with very few exceptions,
the supporting Provisions. The effective




                                                                                                          GOVERNANCE REPORT
arrangements which the Board and its
Committees have in place to ensure such
compliance are explained in some detail below in
the Corporate Governance Report (on pages 64 to
104).




                                                                                                          STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               GOVERNANCE REPORT         67




SENIOR INDEPENDENT
NON-EXECUTIVE
DIRECTOR’S REPORT
                                                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT
As Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
(SINED) I am pleased to be able to describe the role of
NWL’s INEDs, and the key role played by the INEDs in
the Board Committees and Sub-committee.

                          I am happy to endorse the   flooding. Moreover, the overall package did not,
                          Chairman’s explanation of   in the Board’s opinion, put the Company on a
                          the key role which the      sustainable footing to meet the very stretching
                          INEDs continue to play in   targets set by Ofwat in an increasingly
                          NWL’s governance,           challenging operating environment.
                          assurance and decision
                                                      The Board therefore agreed, unanimously, to ask
                          making. I chair the Audit
                                                      Ofwat to refer the FD to the CMA for
                          Committee (AC), the




                                                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                      redetermination, which is in progress. In order to
                          R&CSC and the CMA
  Paul Rew                                            support the Board in managing the CMA referral,
                          Board Sub-group and I
                                                      the Board established the CMA Board Sub-group,
                          chaired the PR19 Board
                                                      which includes all the INEDs, the Executive
Sub-group, which I explain below. Fellow INEDs
                                                      Directors and professional advisers. This Sub-
sit on all these bodies, as well as on the
                                                      group developed the Company’s Statement of
Remuneration and Nomination Committees.
                                                      Case for approval by the Board and submission to
INEDs are in the majority on the AC, the R&CSC,
                                                      the CMA and the outcome is awaited.
the Remuneration Committee and the
Nomination Committee.                                 Although the INEDs are not members of the
                                                      NWGL Board, we have been present at its Board
We are therefore fully involved in all the main
                                                      meetings this year, which has continued to
aspects of NWL’s governance and the Board is
                                                      encourage a cohesive approach at both Boards
satisfied that this enables it to ensure that sound
                                                      and given us full transparency. We have not,
governance is maintained.
                                                      however, received papers relating to the NHH
In my recent reports I have explained the role of     retail market or been present when that has been
the PR19 Board Sub-group, which provided              under discussion.
integrated support to the Board as a whole in
                                                      The INEDs have again all taken part in extensive
driving forward and assuring preparation of our
                                                      sessions with management on business risk and




                                                                                                              STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Plan. The PR19 Board Sub-group was fully
                                                      customer service, have met from time to time
involved in all aspects of the development of our
                                                      without management or the other Directors being
Plan and all members reviewed and challenged
                                                      present (with and without the Company’s
both the overall strategy and the detailed
                                                      auditors) and attended seminars arranged by
submissions, as well as the re-submissions
                                                      Ofwat and other events relating to the water
following Ofwat’s Initial Assessment of Business
                                                      sector. Beyond the formal work of the Board and
Plans. On the ground, INEDs were involved in
                                                      its various committees, we have also continued
customer focus groups, meetings of the Water
                                                      to develop a broader insight into the work of the
Forum and other stakeholder groups.
                                                      Company through other channels such as NWL’s
As the Chairman explains in his statement (at         Innovation Festival, customer focus groups,
page 4), the Board did not consider that Ofwat’s      meetings on environmental issues, the Water
FD for 2020–25 adequately reflected the clear         Forum, chairing internal sprints, and through
guidance provided by our customers and other          discussions with Directors and staff at informal
stakeholders. This manifested in the                  events.
disallowance by Ofwat of schemes to enhance
water supply resilience and reduce sewer
                                                     GOVERNANCE REPORT   68




In conclusion, I and the other INEDs believe that
the Board and Committees have sufficient
independent membership, and this will be
enhanced by the appointment of a fifth INED this
year. Our INEDs, through their leading role in the
Committees, continue to exert significant




                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT
influence in setting the direction which the Board
takes in all key areas of strategy and business
planning, monitoring, governance and reporting.




P Rew
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director




                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT




                                                                              STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               GOVERNANCE REPORT       69




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
BOARD MEMBERSHIP                                                             H Mottram (CEO) joined
                                                                             the Board in 2010, when




                                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT
                         A J Hunter (Non-
                                                                             she was appointed as CEO
                         Executive Chairman)
                                                                             of NWL and NWGL. Ms
                         joined the Board in
                                                                             Mottram is a Non-
                         October 2011. Mr Hunter
                                                                             Executive Director of
                         is Deputy Managing
                                                                             Centrica plc, Vice-Chair of
                         Director of CKI, which is
                                                                             the North East Local
                         listed on The Hong Kong
                                                                             Enterprise Partnership, a
                         Stock Exchange and is a        H Mottram
                                                                             member of the CBI Board
                         substantial shareholder
  A J Hunter                                                                 and Vice-Chair of
                         in the Group. Mr Hunter is
                                                      Newcastle University Council. Ms Mottram was
                         an Executive Director of
                                                      named North East Business Executive of the Year
Power Assets Holdings Limited, a listed company.
                                                      in 2017 recognising her significant contribution to
He has been an Executive Director of CKI since
                                                      business in the north east of England. She was
December 2006 and Deputy Managing Director
                                                      awarded an OBE in 2010 for services to the rail
since May 2010. Mr Hunter acted as the Chief
                                                      industry and a CBE in 2018 for services to the
Operating Officer of CKI from December 2006 to
                                                      water industry and business community.
May 2010. Prior to his appointment to the board
of Power Assets Holdings Limited in 1999, Mr          Key strengths: Leadership, corporate overview,
Hunter was Finance Director of the Hutchison          infrastructure and customer service.
Property Group. He holds a Master of Arts degree,
a Master’s degree in Business Administration




                                                                                                            GOVERNANCE REPORT
and is a member of the Institute of Chartered                                 C I Johns (Finance
Accountants of Scotland and of the Hong Kong                                  Director) joined the Board
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr                                 in 2013, having served
Hunter chairs the Remuneration Committee and                                  as Finance Director of
Nomination Committee.                                                         NGN, which is also part of
                                                                              the Cheung Kong Group,
Key strengths: Leadership, strategic overview,
                                                                              since 2005. Before joining
finance and infrastructure.
                                                                              NGN, Mr Johns, who is a
                                                                              Chartered Accountant,
                                                        C I Johns             held senior financial
                        P Rew (Senior
                                                                              management positions
                        Independent Non-
                                                      in the financial services sector, in both Yorkshire
                        Executive Director) joined
                                                      and London. Mr Johns’ previous positions include
                        the Board in 2010. Mr Rew
                                                      being Head of Finance and Accounting within the
                        is a Chartered Accountant
                                                      UK lending operations of Provident Financial plc,
                        and was a partner in
                                                      and a senior management role in the Financial
                        PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                      Reporting and Control Group of Morgan Stanley.
                        LLP (PwC) from 1987
                                                      Mr Johns stepped down from the Board on 30
                        until 2010, where he was
                                                      May 2020.




                                                                                                            STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        lead partner for a diverse
  P Rew                 range of FTSE 100 clients     Key strengths: Finance and infrastructure.
                        and for PwC’s UK energy,
utilities and mining sector practice. Mr Rew is
a Non-Executive Director of the Care Quality
Commission and chairs its Audit Committee. He
was formerly a Non-Executive Director of the Met
Office and of Defra. Mr Rew chairs the AC, R&CSC
and the CMA Board Sub-group, and chaired the
PR19 Board Sub-group. He is also a member of
the Remuneration Committee and Nomination
Committee.
Key strengths: Finance, risk and
corporate governance.
                                                                               GOVERNANCE REPORT     70




                       A C Jones (Assets and                               Dr S Lyster (Independent
                       Assurance Director) joined                          Non-Executive Director)
                       the NWL Board in 2004. An                           joined the Board in 2006.
                       economist by background,                            A lawyer by training, Dr
                       Mr Jones holds an MBA                               Lyster qualified in both the
                       with distinction from                               UK and the USA and is the




                                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT
                       Warwick and has extensive                           author of the leading legal
                       experience in dealing with                          textbook on international
                       government and regulatory                           wildlife law. Dr Lyster was
  A C Jones                                           Dr S Lyster
                       bodies. Mr Jones is a                               Chief Executive of LEAD
                       Chartered Environmentalist                          International from 2005
and worked as a government economist and            to 2011. Before joining LEAD, he was Director
economic consultant before joining the water        General of The Wildlife Trusts and previously
industry. He has held non-executive positions at    worked for World Wildlife Fund for nine years,
a number of water industry organisations and        where he was responsible for its global policy
is currently Chair of PNE Group, a social           work on international conventions. He is
enterprise company.                                 Chairman of Conservation International-UK,
                                                    a Trustee of Kilverstone Wildlife Conservation
Key strengths: Economic regulation and
                                                    Trust and the Rural Community Council of Essex,
corporate planning.
                                                    and a Council member of World Land Trust. In
                                                    July 2014, Dr Lyster was appointed to the Board
                                                    of Natural England and, in 2020, was appointed
                     M Fay (Independent Non-
                                                    a member of Essex County Council’s Climate
                     Executive Director) joined
                                                    Action Commission. He is a Deputy Lieutenant
                     the Board in 2010. Ms Fay
                                                    for the County of Essex. Dr Lyster is a member
                     was Managing Director of
                                                    of the CMA Board Sub-group, AC, Remuneration
                     Tyne Tees Television until
                                                    Committee, Nomination Committee and R&CSC.




                                                                                                          GOVERNANCE REPORT
                     December 2003 when she
                     became Chair of One North      Key strengths: Conservation, the environment
                     East, a position she held      and law.
                     until August 2010, and was
                     Deputy Chair of The Sage
  M Fay              Gateshead until March 2018.                          M A B Nègre (Independent
                     Ms Fay is Deputy Chair                               Non-Executive Director)
of Governors of the University of Sunderland,                             joined the Board in 2006.
Chair of South Tyneside Council’s Economic                                Mr Nègre was, between
Regeneration Board, Chair of the Customs House                            April 2000 and April 2001,
South Shields and a Non-Executive Director                                the CEO of the former
of the Tyne and Wear Passenger Transport                                  Northumbrian Water Group
Executive (which trades as ‘Nexus’). She was                              plc and the chief corporate
awarded a CBE in 2010 for services to regional                            representative of its parent
development and is a Deputy Lieutenant for            M A B Nègre         company, Suez, in the UK.
Tyne and Wear. Ms Fay is a member of the CMA                              Mr Nègre was a founding
Board Sub-group, Remuneration Committee and                               Director of NWGL when it
Nomination Committee.                               acquired the Group from Suez SA in 2003 and
                                                    listed it on the London Stock Exchange (LSE). He




                                                                                                          STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Key strengths: Corporate overview and
                                                    currently chairs Ecofin Vista Hedge Fund and
customer service.
                                                    Ecofin Global Renewable and Infrastructure Fund
                                                    and is a Non-Executive Director of LSE-listed
                                                    Investment Trust EGL plc. Mr Nègre is a member
                                                    of the CMA Board Sub-group, AC and R&CSC.
                                                    Key strengths: Strategy, utilities
                                                    and infrastructure.
                                                                                   GOVERNANCE REPORT      71




                      F R Frame (Non-Executive                                    D N Macrae (Non-
                      Director) joined the Board                                  Executive Director) joined
                      in November 2011, having                                    the Board in October
                      been appointed by Li Ka                                     2011, and represents CK
                      Shing Foundation Limited,                                   Infrastructure Holdings
                      a company limited by                                        Limited, where he holds




                                                                                                               STRATEGIC REPORT
                      guarantee and a charity,                                    the position of Head of
                      which is a substantial                                      International Business.
                      shareholder in the Group.                                   Mr Macrae has over 25
  F R Frame                                                D N Macrae
                      A lawyer by profession, Mr                                  years’ experience in the
                      Frame served as Deputy                                      infrastructure investment
Chairman of The Hongkong and Shanghai                    field and holds a Bachelor’s and a Master’s degree
Banking Corporation; as Chairman of South China          in Philosophy, Politics & Economics. He is a
Morning Post Limited and The Wallem Group                member of the Remuneration Committee and
Limited; and as a Director of The Weir Group plc,        Nomination Committee.
Swire Pacific Limited, The British Bank of the
                                                         Key strengths: Finance, infrastructure and
Middle East, Edinburgh Dragon Trust plc and
                                                         corporate overview.
Baxter International Inc. He holds the degrees of
Master of Arts and Bachelor of Laws. Mr Frame
retired from the Board on 31 December 2019.
                                                                                 L S Chan (Non-Executive
Key strengths: Corporate overview and law.                                       Director) joined the Board
                                                                                 in 2016, having been
                                                                                 appointed by CKH, and
                        H L Kam (Non-Executive                                   has been an Executive
                        Director) joined the                                     Director of CKI since
                        Board in October 2011,                                   January 2011 and Chief




                                                                                                               GOVERNANCE REPORT
                        having been appointed by                                 Financial Officer of CKI
                        Cheung Kong (Holdings)                                   since January 2006. Mr
                        Limited (CKH), a wholly-                                 Chan joined Hutchison
                                                           L S Chan
                        owned subsidiary of                                      Whampoa Limited,
                        CK Hutchison Holdings                                    which is a substantial
                        Limited of which he is           shareholder of CKI, in January 1992 and has been
  H L Kam
                        the Deputy Managing              with the Cheung Kong Group since May 1994.
                        Director. Mr Kam is also         Mr Chan is a fellow of the Hong Kong Institute
Group Managing Director of CKI, a position he            of Certified Public Accountants, a fellow of the
has held since its incorporation in May 1996.            Association of Chartered Certified Accountants
He is the Deputy Managing Director of CK Asset           and also a member of the Institute of Certified
Holdings Ltd., President and Chief Executive             Management Accountants (Australia). He is a
Officer of CK Life Sciences Int’l. (Holdings) Inc., as   member of the Audit Committee.
well as Chairman of Hui Xian Asset Management
                                                         Key strengths: Finance, infrastructure and
Limited, which manages Hui Xian Real Estate
                                                         corporate overview.
Investment Trust, a listed real estate investment
trust. Mr Kam holds a Bachelor of Science degree
in Engineering and a Master’s degree in Business
Administration.




                                                                                                               STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Key strengths: Leadership, strategic overview,
finance and infrastructure.
                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT      72




ATTENDANCE AT BOARD MEETINGS                          Attendance at the five additional Board meetings
There were five scheduled meetings during the         held during the year was as follows:
year and five shorter additional meetings. The
Board considered this sufficient to enable it to       NAME                              ATTENDANCE
discharge its duties effectively, and will meet out
of the agreed cycle for time-critical matters or       A J Hunter                                   5




                                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT
significant matters that arise as necessary.           P Rew                                        5

Attendance at the five scheduled meetings during       H Mottram                                    5
the year was as follows:
                                                       C I Johns                                    5

 NAME                                ATTENDANCE        A C Jones                                    5
 A J Hunter                                      5     M Fay                                        5
 P Rew                                           5     Dr S Lyster                                  4
 H Mottram                                       5     M A B Nègre                                  5
 C I Johns                                       5     F R Frame                                    3
 A C Jones                                       5     H L Kam                                      1
 M Fay                                           5     D N Macrae                                   5
 Dr S Lyster                                     5     L S Chan                                     4
 M A B Nègre                                     4




                                                                                                          GOVERNANCE REPORT
 F R Frame                                       4

 H L Kam                                         4

 D N Macrae                                      5

 L S Chan                                        5




                                                                                                          STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT        73




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE                                they are independent, notwithstanding that they
STATEMENT                                           have served on the Board for more than nine
                                                    years. However, all four existing INEDs will step
The Boards of the Company and its holding           down over the course of 2020 and 2021 and be
company, NWGL, are committed to high                succeeded by new appointees, which will
standards of corporate governance. Ofwat has        allow new talent and experience to be brought to




                                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT
now embedded the 2019 Ofwat Objectives in the       the Board.
Company’s Licence, to ensure that governance is
                                                    The Chairman ensures that the Board works
sound and that the Company’s Directors, acting
                                                    in a collegiate way, in the best interests of the
as such, act independently of parent companies.
                                                    Company and its stakeholders, and that each
The arrangements and functioning of the Board,      Director has an equal voice. All members of the
its Committees, Sub-committee and Sub-groups        Board are content that the balance of the Board is
adhere to the Wates Principles and the 2019         appropriate, but welcome the decision to appoint
Ofwat Objectives, with the latter being subject     an additional INED during 2020. The Directors
to the minor exceptions explained below. As         have all been able to allocate sufficient time to
set out above, there are currently four INEDs, a    the Company to discharge their responsibilities
further four NEDs (including the Chairman) and      effectively.
two Executive Directors. These arrangements,
                                                    As the Chairman says in his introduction
with strong INED input which is expanded
                                                    (on pages 65 to 66), the INEDs, within agreed
upon in the section below on meeting the 2019
                                                    parameters, effectively lead the work of the
Ofwat Objectives, ensure that there is sufficient
                                                    Committees, which hold very full meetings with
independent challenge and judgement on the
                                                    considerable workloads, to prepare the ground for
Board. Moreover, the Company will appoint an
                                                    the Board.
additional INED during 2020, making INEDs the
largest single group on the Board.                  There is a clear division of responsibilities
                                                    between the Chairman and CEO. This has been
The Chairman comments in his introduction




                                                                                                            GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                    set out in writing and agreed by the Board.
to the Governance Report (on pages 65 to 66)
on the balance of the Board, which functions        The Company has put in place Directors’ and
as an integrated whole, and the quality and         Officers’ insurance cover for the benefit of all
contribution of the INEDs: P Rew, S Lyster,         Directors of the Company. In addition, NWGL
M Fay and M A B Nègre. Their biographical           entered into a Deed of Indemnity on 21 March
details are set out on pages 69 to 71 above. They   2017 to provide Directors of NWGL and its
were appointed on the recommendation of the         subsidiaries further protection against
Nomination Committee of Northumbrian Water          potential liability.
Group plc, when it was independently listed.
The Board has rigorously reviewed the re-
appointment of the INEDs and determined that




                                                                                                            STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               GOVERNANCE REPORT        74




BOARD LEADERSHIP,                                    (ii) The Board makes sure that the Company’s
TRANSPARENCY AND GOVERNANCE –                        strategy, values and culture are consistent with
THE 2019 OFWAT OBJECTIVES (AND                       its purpose.
SUPPORTING PROVISIONS)                               The Board has reviewed and discussed the
We explain below how we meet the Objectives          Company’s strategy, values and culture and is




                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
and supporting Provisions on board leadership,       satisfied that these are consistent with the
transparency and governance as published by          purpose. The Board recognises that the
Ofwat in January 2019.                               Company’s strategy needs to reflect the
                                                     Company’s purpose, as well as customers’ long
Objective 1                                          term priorities and to take account of Ofwat’s
                                                     emphasis on public value. NWL’s purpose
The Board of the Appointee establishes the           statement is therefore underpinned by key
company’s purpose, strategy and values, and is       principles which demonstrate that NWL:
satisfied that these and its culture reflect the
needs of all those it serves.                        (a) provides a reliable, resilient, safe and high
                                                          quality water and wastewater service for all;
Our comments below on compliance with the
relevant supporting Provisions explain how the       (b) intends to leave the environment in a better
Company meets this Objective:                             condition for the next generation;

  (i) The Board develops and promotes the            (c) is committed to keeping water affordable
  Company’s purpose in consultation with a wide           including for those on low incomes; and
  range of stakeholders and reflecting its role as   (d) acts in the long-term interests of society
  a provider of an essential public service.              and the environment while still providing
  The Board’s purpose statement (set out on page          the very best service for customers today.
  13) has been informed by the very extensive
  consultation exercise conducted in preparation




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                     (iii) The Board monitors and assesses values
  for the submission of the Company’s PR19
  Business Plan, as well as continuous broadly       and culture to satisfy itself that behaviour
  based consultation in the normal course of         throughout the business is aligned with the
  business and Ofwat’s emphasis on the need for      Company’s purpose. Where it finds
  companies to embed a “public value” ethos.         misalignment it takes corrective action.
  The consultation underpinning the PR19             (a) The Board has received and discussed
  Business Plan was comprehensive, with                   detailed feedback on an extensive employee
  responses from more than 400,000 customers              engagement survey conducted by “Best
  as well as from our Water Forum, or regulators,         Companies”. This provided a comprehensive
  employees, suppliers and partners.                      insight into the alignment of behaviour
  There is, of course, a comprehensive and                throughout the business with the purpose.
  continuous programme of engagement with                 The survey findings were positive but there
  customers and full details are set out in the           are always areas where there is scope to
  Company’s APR.                                          improve engagement. Line managers are
                                                          being supported to develop action plans to
  This open and consultative culture is a key
                                                          further improve engagement and ensure
  element of how the Company does business. It
                                                          alignment of behaviour with the purpose.
  is also maintained through a very broad
                                                          Engagement will be re-assessed later in the




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  programme of engagement, including regular
                                                          year to measure the improvement achieved
  engagement at Chief Executive level with local
                                                          and identify any further steps required.
  authorities across our operating areas, and
  participation in regional and national business    (b) The Board has designated one of the INEDs,
  organisations. The Company also hosts                   M Fay, to engage with the workforce and to
  numerous site visits by MPs, civil servants, and        provide the Board with a first-hand
  senior regulators to encourage open and                 assessment of the culture of the business.
  transparent debate about the challenges faced           Mrs Fay has fed back to the Board on her
  by the sector and to enable the Company to              experience of employee roadshows and
  understand their respective concerns and                other site visits and a programme of virtual
  priorities.                                             (and, if safe, physical) visits will be arranged
                                                          during 2020.
  As explained on page 14, the Company intends
  to review its purpose statement over the           (c) P Rew, S Lyster and M A B Nègre (INEDs)
  coming year, drawing on extensive further             have attended employee roadshows and the
  work with senior executives, board members,           Innovation Festival and fed back their views
  employees, customers and other stakeholders.          to the Board.
                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT       75




(d) The Human Resources team is reviewing        The Standing or Executive Committees can
     Company policies and procedures to ensure    take decisions not delegated to specific
     that these properly reflect the Company      committees between Board meetings. All
     purpose and to embed it where this is        Directors receive notice of Standing Committee
     appropriate.                                 meetings and may participate if they wish.
                                                  Decisions taken by the Standing or Executive
(iv) Annual reporting explains the Board’s




                                                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                  Committees are reported at the next Board
activities and any corrective action taken. It    meeting. The Company’s Board meets at least
also includes an annual statement from the        five times each year.
Board focusing on how the Company has set
                                                  During the year, the Board received regular
its aspirations and performed for all those it
                                                  detailed updates from the Executive Directors
serves.                                           on each aspect of the Company’s work. There
The Board receives detailed reports from the      are also regular reports on each Board agenda
Executive Directors in advance of Board           on customer service, operational performance,
meetings, covering each aspect of the             health and safety, management of key business
Company’s activities.                             risks, the investment programme and
                                                  regulatory matters. There is a strong focus on
The Chairman leads the Board and ensures
                                                  the Company’s success in delivering its key
that all items on the Board agendas are
                                                  outcomes, as explained in the Strategic Report.
discussed openly and that all Directors have an
                                                  The Chairman of the AC, R&CSC and Sub-
opportunity to express their views. He
                                                  groups reports fully to the Board on their work.
encourages constructive challenge, so that
                                                  In addition, the following significant matters
ideas and proposals are tested and explored
                                                  were considered by the Board, as a matter of
fully. The Board recognises that customers’
                                                  sound governance:
interests are best served when the Company is
flexible and innovative, so the ELT is always     (a) the Annual Report and Financial
encouraged to think laterally and consider a           Statements;




                                                                                                           GOVERNANCE REPORT
range of solutions for each issue.                (b) the annual business plan;
The Board makes key strategic decisions,          (c) data security;
approves the annual budget and notes the
medium-term business plans. It also approves      (d) decisions on tariffs;
key regulatory submissions and very               (e) approval of several significant capital
significant investments or expenditure which           projects;
is not in the normal course of business.
Investments which form part of projects within    (f) review of performance commitment targets
approved business plans are authorised by the          and related investment priorities; and
Committees below Board level. Although this       (g) matters relating to PR19, including
formal framework is very effective, the ELT            addressing Ofwat’s Initial Assessment of
takes great care to ensure that matters which          Plans, the Draft Determination and FD and
relate to the quality of the Company’s services        the decision to ask Ofwat to refer the FD to
to customers, leakage, water quality and               the CMA for redetermination.
environmental performance are discussed
fully by the Board.                               A Board statement as detailed above is
                                                  included in NWL’s APR for the year ended
                                                  31 March 2020.




                                                                                                           STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  GOVERNANCE REPORT        76




Objective 2                                              		Although certain limited matters (such as
                                                            extensions of directors’ appointments, large
The Appointee has an effective Board with full              contract awards and significant borrowing
responsibility for all aspects of the Appointee’s           arrangements) are referred to the NWGL
business for the long term.                                 Board, this is regarded as a formality. The
NWL clearly meets this Objective. The Board sets,           NWGL Board accepts that the NWL Board is




                                                                                                                STRATEGIC REPORT
implements and supports the Company’s vision,               required to have full responsibility for all
values, standards and strategy and ensures                  aspects of the regulated company’s business
compliance with policies and legal and regulatory           and, to that end, has never rejected a
obligations. We comment below on compliance                 recommendation of the NWL Board.
with the relevant objectives:
                                                          (ii) Board committees, including but not limited
  (i) The regulated company sets out any                       to audit, remuneration and nomination
       matters that are reserved to shareholders or             committees, report into the board of the
       parent companies (where applicable) and                  regulated company, with final decisions
       explains how these are consistent with the               made at the level of the regulated company.
       board of the regulated company having full
                                                         		All the NWL Board Committees report into
       responsibility for all aspects of the regulated
                                                            the NWL Board and final decisions are made
       company’s business, including the freedom            at that level.
       to set, and accountability for, all aspects of
       the regulated company’s strategy.                  (iii) The board of the regulated company is fully
                                                              focused on the activities of the regulated
		Although proper regard is given to the
   interests of shareholders, in accordance with
                                                              company; takes action to identify and
   company law, NWL’s Board has full                          manage conflicts of interest, including
   responsibility for all aspects of the                      those resulting from significant
   Company’s business, including the freedom                  shareholdings; and ensures that the




                                                                                                                GOVERNANCE REPORT
   to set, and accountability for, all aspects of             influence of third parties does not
   NWL’s strategy. This is evidenced by the fact              compromise or override independent
   that the PR19 Business Plan and actions                    judgement.
   taken in response to the Draft and Final
   Determinations were developed and                     		The Board is absolutely focused on the
   approved entirely by the NWL Board.                      sustainable, long-term success of NWL.
                                                            Any conflicts of interest are declared and
		The Company has adopted terms of                         Directors do not speak or vote on matters
   reference which set out the matters reserved             where a potential conflict arises.
   to the Board for approval and matters which
   are, or can be, delegated to the Committees,          		It is a key principle of the Cheung Kong
   Sub-committee, Sub-groups and                            group of companies that the boards of
   management. These are published on the                   companies within the group manage their
   Company’s website.                                       own affairs. Whilst support and assistance
                                                            is provided when asked for, it is recognised
		The Company has also adopted financial                   that local management have hands-on
   approval rules which set out the                         knowledge of the operational business and
   authorisation processes and financial limits             of customers’ needs and priorities. The
   to be applied to financial transactions within           non-NWL interests of the shareholders are,
   the Company. The terms of reference and




                                                                                                                STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                            therefore, never a factor in decision-making
   financial approval rules are reviewed                    at the NWL Board and this approach is
   periodically by the Board.                               regularly re-affirmed by the NEDs in the
                                                            clearest possible terms.
                                                                               GOVERNANCE REPORT         77




Objective 3                                                 risks which are foreseeable but with a high
                                                            degree of uncertainty.
The Board of the Appointee’s leadership and
approach to transparency and governance                     An explanation of principal risks, and our
engenders trust in the Appointee and ensures                approach to mitigating these risks, is
accountability for their actions.                           provided on pages 57 to 63.




                                                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT
Our comments below on the relevant supporting
provisions explain how the Company meets this           (iv) Details of board and committee
Objective. The provisions require publication of           membership, number of times met,
the following in a clear and accessible manner:            attendance at each meeting and where
                                                           relevant, the outcome of votes cast.
  (i) An explanation of group structure.
      This is provided at page 54.                         Details of Board and Committee
                                                           membership and meetings and attendance
  (ii) An explanation of dividend policies and
                                                           is set out at page 72. No votes were held at
     dividends paid, and how these take account            any relevant meeting and all decisions
     of delivery for customers and other                   were reached by consensus.
     obligations (including to employees).
                                                        (v) An explanation of the company’s executive
      The dividend policy, and how the policy              pay policy and how the criteria for awarding
      has been applied in the year, is explained
                                                           short and long-term performance related
      in note 8 to the Financial Statements.
                                                           elements are substantially linked to
  (iii) An explanation of the principal risks to the      stretching delivery for customers and are
      future success of the business, and how              rigorously applied. Where directors’
      these risks have been considered and                 responsibilities are substantially focused on
      addressed.                                           the regulated company and they receive
                                                           remuneration for these responsibilities from




                                                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT
      The Board has ultimate responsibility for            elsewhere in the group, policies relating to
      risk management and determines                       this pay are fully disclosed at the regulated
      appropriate risk appetite. The Board’s view
                                                           company level.
      of acceptable risk is based on a balanced
      assessment of all of the risks in the
                                                           A detailed explanation of the Company’s
      operating environment and aims to ensure
                                                           executive pay policy is provided in the
      an appropriate balance between risk
                                                           Remuneration Committee Report on pages
      aversion and opportunities. The Board
                                                           88 to 99, including how the criteria for the
      monitors the management of risks and
                                                           short-term incentive plan have significant
      approves major decisions affecting the
                                                           linkage to benefits for our customers and
      Company’s risk profile. The Board is
                                                           the wider environment. The Remuneration
      supported in this by the R&CSC, from which
                                                           Committee Report also explains changes
      it receives regular and detailed reports.
                                                           which took effect from 2020 to further
                                                           increase the proportion of performance-
      The Board requires management to identify
                                                           related executive pay aligned to delivering
      and assess the impact of risks to the
                                                           benefits for our customers, in both the
      business using a corporate risk model. In
                                                           short-term and long-term incentive plans.
      addition, during the year, a Sub-group of the




                                                                                                              STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Board carried out a review of strategic
      risks, which are potentially high-impact
                                                                                  GOVERNANCE REPORT       78




Objective 4                                                complex organisations. The Board is satisfied
                                                           that Mr Rew continues to demonstrate a fully
The Board of the Appointee and its committees              independent approach and to offer
are competent, well run, and have sufficient               constructive challenge.
independent membership, ensuring they can
make high quality decisions that address diverse        All four INEDs were appointed under the auspices
customer and stakeholder needs.                         of NWL’s Nomination Committee while NWGL




                                                                                                               STRATEGIC REPORT
Our comments below on the relevant supporting           (then Northumbrian Water Group plc) was a
provisions explain how the Company meets                separately-listed company with no relationship
this Objective.                                         with the current shareholders.
                                                        As part of her recent review of the effectiveness
  (i) Boards and committees have the
                                                        of the Board and its Committees and Sub-
     appropriate balance of skills, experience,         committee (as detailed on page 79), Professor
     independence and knowledge of the                  Michelon paid particular attention to the
     company. Boards identify what customer             independence of the INEDs and whether their
     and stakeholder expertise is needed in the         long tenure may have raised concerns that the
     boardroom and how this need is addressed.          Board’s decisions are the outcome of group
                                                        thinking. She has assessed this aspect by
     The Board has determined that the following        interviewing both INEDs and other members of
     Directors are independent, notwithstanding         the Board. The interviews specifically covered
     that they have served on the Board for more        board dynamics during challenging decisions
     than nine years:                                   taken over the year, to understand how consensus
                                                        was reached. Professor Michelon concluded that
  • M A B Nègre (appointed in 2006). Mr Nègre has
                                                        the Board’s capacity to work cohesively, and reach
     no prior connections with the Group’s
                                                        consensus is not attributable to individual
     shareholders. He is a very experienced
                                                        directors, and the INEDs in particular, lacking
     director and brings to the Board an excellent
                                                        opinions or independent thinking. On the




                                                                                                               GOVERNANCE REPORT
     understanding of the business coupled with
                                                        contrary, she noted that it is not unusual for
     sound commercial judgement. The Board is
                                                        Directors to have divergent points of view to start
     satisfied that he continues to demonstrate a
                                                        with, but through discussions in which pros and
     fully independent approach and to contribute
                                                        cons are considered and evaluated, each Director
     a constructive and challenging perspective to
                                                        is able to share their own personal view before a
     Board discussions.
                                                        consensual conclusion is reached. In Professor
  • Dr S Lyster (appointed in 2006). Dr Lyster has     Michelon’s expert opinion, all INEDs demonstrate
     no prior connections with the Group or its         the required level of independence to continue to
     shareholders. He is a very experienced             perform their roles effectively and contribute to a
     director, with particular expertise in wildlife,   healthy and constructive debate.
     conservation and environmental matters,
                                                        The NWL Board therefore has an excellent
     which are central to the Company’s work. He
                                                        balance of skills, experience, independence and
     lives in the Company’s Essex and Suffolk
                                                        knowledge of the Company. The Executive
     supply area. The Board is satisfied that Dr
                                                        Directors have very significant experience in the
     Lyster continues to demonstrate a fully
                                                        water sector and other utilities, whilst the INEDs
     independent approach and to offer valuable
                                                        make full use of their individual professional
     constructive challenge.
                                                        expertise and personal interests to make a
  • M Fay (appointed in 2010). Mrs Fay has no          significant contribution to addressing the needs




                                                                                                               STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     prior connection with the Group or its             of all stakeholders and customers. For example,
     subsidiaries. She is a very experienced            Dr Lyster is a board member of Natural England
     director, with very strong connections to          with a strong interest in the environment and
     customers in the Company’s north-eastern           long-term resilience. This role is directly relevant
     service area, where she has lived throughout       to NWL’s position as a custodian of the
     her life. The Board is satisfied that she          environment and Dr Lyster brings an expertise in
     continues to demonstrate a fully independent       environmental protection as well as an
     approach and to constructively challenge and       understanding of stakeholder perspectives in this
     bring fresh and innovative perspectives to         area. Similarly, P Rew was a Non-Executive
     Board discussions.                                 Director of Defra until 2018, enabling him to bring
  • P Rew (appointed in 2010). Mr Rew has no prior     extensive knowledge of environmental matters
     connections with the Group or its                  and stakeholders to his role at NWL. M A B Nègre
     shareholders. He brings expertise in finance,      brings first class knowledge of the global utilities
     risk, corporate governance and compliance          sector, whilst M Fay champions customers and
     and has very significant experience as an          has excellent contacts across NWL’s north
     audit committee chairman in substantial and        eastern operating area.
                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT       79




The Board therefore believes that the Board and       (iv) There is an annual evaluation of the
Committees, Sub-committee and Sub-groups                  performance of the board. This considers
have sufficient independent membership to meet            the balance of skills, experience,
the objective but, as outlined above, a fifth INED        independence and knowledge, its diversity,
will be appointed during 2020 to further                  how stakeholder needs are addressed and
strengthen the independent voice on the Board.
                                                          how the overarching objectives are met.




                                                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT
In preparation for the recruitment of further             The approach is reported in the annual
INEDs during 2020 and 2021, the Board has                 report and any weaknesses are acted on
conducted a skills audit to ensure that the Board         and explained.
has all the required expertise, including that
relating to customers and other stakeholders.             There is an annual, independently-
This work has guided the planning of the INED             conducted, evaluation of the performance
recruitment campaign.                                     of the Board. In each of the last three years
Although INEDs are not yet the largest single             this has been conducted by Professor
group, they have a strong, influential and                Giovanna Michelon, a specialist in
effective voice. Professor Michelon’s Board               corporate governance and social
performance review has confirmed that, on the             responsibility, and very good results
basis of her interviews with Directors, the INEDs         achieved.
assess problems and express judgement
independently of the shareholders and                     Since 2018, Professor Michelon (a specialist
management. She reports that there is no                  in corporate governance and social
evidence that the long tenure may have impaired           responsibility) has conducted independent
their individual independent thinking, whereas            annual evaluation processes to assess the
their extensive experience and deep knowledge             Board’s effectiveness in collectively
of the Company allow them to act as critical              working for the long-term success of the
friends, speaking their minds with constructive           Company and fulfilling its three key roles of




                                                                                                           GOVERNANCE REPORT
scepticism and professionalism.                           setting the strategic direction of the
                                                          Company, monitoring management
The non-independent NEDs bring extensive                  performance and providing support and
knowledge and experience of global                        advice. Professor Michelon had no
infrastructure, finance and governance.                   connection with NWL prior to conducting
  (ii) INEDs are the largest single group on the         the 2018 evaluation. P Rew is an advisory
     board.                                               board member of the business school at
                                                          which Professor Michelon was employed
     At the time of publishing this report, there         until May 2019 but was not involved in her
     are an equal number of INEDs and NEDs on             appointment.
     the NWL Board. As confirmed in this report,
     the Company intends to recruit a fifth INED          Professor Michelon’s 2020 report concluded
     during 2020 so that INEDs are the largest            that the Board as a whole is able to reach
     single group, going forward.                         consensus, yet divergent opinions exist and
                                                          constructive discussions are used by
  (iii) The chair is independent of management           Directors to share their views, highlight
      and investors on appointment and                    pros and cons and consider all relevant
      demonstrates objective judgement                    matters. She further states that the




                                                                                                           STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      throughout their tenure. There is an explicit       evidence gathered during the review
      division of responsibilities between running        process does not suggest that group
      the board and executive responsibility for          thinking is a problem of this Board. More
                                                          specifically:
      running the business.
                                                          (a) All participating Directors were clearly
      The Chairman was not independent of
                                                               satisfied with the mix of skills and
      investors on appointment, when the
                                                               experience of both executive and non-
      Company had a single ultimate controlling
                                                               executive (and independent) Directors,
      shareholder. The Chairman has
                                                               with the secretarial support and quality
      demonstrated objective judgement
                                                               of documentation and Board minutes;
      throughout his tenure, as well as an
      empowering approach which has                      (b) The Chairman’s leadership style was
      encouraged all directors to participate fully           described as “inclusive and engaging”
      in Board discussions.                                   and able to create an atmosphere where
                                                              all Board members feel comfortable to
                                                              comment and are very appreciative of
                                                                     GOVERNANCE REPORT      80




        other people’s opinions during the            There is a majority of INEDs on the AC,
        meetings;                                     Nomination Committee and
                                                      Remuneration Committee. The latter
     (c) The risk management process led by the
                                                      two Committees are chaired by the
          Board and its committees was felt to be
                                                      Company’s Chairman, which the Board
          very detailed and thorough, and its
                                                      considers appropriate in the context of
          strengths were tested in response to the




                                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                      the Company’s ownership structure.
          recent Coronavirus emergency
          confirming a solid system; and
                                                      The INEDs play a leading part in the
     (d) Board members fully understand the          Board committees and sub-
          Company’s strategic positioning and its     committees. Importantly, the AC is
          public service role; stakeholder            chaired by the SINED and three of the
          engagement activities are taking place      four members are INEDs. The R&CSC
          regularly and the key issues in the         is, similarly, chaired by the SINED and
          competitive/institutional environments      all three members are INEDs. Professor
          and the culture of the Board are aligned    Michelon has described the AC and
          with the values of the organisation.        R&CSC focus on ensuring that NWL has
                                                      the resilience and long-term financial
     Recommendations in the 2020 report
                                                      and operational stability to provide
     focused mainly on the nomination process
                                                      customers with a reliable service and
     for the new INEDs.
                                                      meet the expectations of other
     (v) There is a formal, rigorous and             stakeholders. More specifically, the AC
        transparent procedure for new                 and R&CSC deliver much of the
        appointments which is led by the              preparatory work on the Annual Report
        nomination committee and supports the         and Financial Statements and APR,
        overarching objective.                        review the work of the internal audit
                                                      function, review risk management and




                                                                                                 GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                      advise the Board on risk appetite and
        There is such a procedure in place. The
                                                      monitoring compliance with covenants
        current recruitment campaign will
                                                      and management of debt. At the AC,
        involve a leading executive search
                                                      there is a particular focus on matters
        agency to ensure that candidates are
                                                      which directly impact customers, such
        drawn from as wide a pool as practicable
                                                      as Guaranteed Standards of Service
        and will be consistent with the highest
                                                      compliance, whilst the R&CSC held
        standards of best practice.
                                                      ‘deep dives’ during the year on cyber
     (vi) To ensure there is a clear understanding   security and the Company’s Intelligent
         of the responsibilities attached to being    Asset Management programme. The
         a non-executive director in this sector,     AC and R&CSC report fully and frame
         companies arrange for the proposed,          proposals on all these matters for the
                                                      Board to consider. Therefore, in
         final candidate for new non-executive
                                                      addition to their direct input to the
         appointments to the regulated company        Board, the influence of the INEDs and
         board to meet Ofwat ahead of a formal        their contribution to the running of the
         appointment being made.                      Company, through the AC and R&CSC,
		      The Company will adhere to this.              is very significant and highly valued.




                                                                                                 STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (vii) There is a majority of independent
         members on the audit, nomination and
         remuneration committees and the
         audit and remuneration committees
         are independently led.
                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT       81




AUTHORISATION OF DIRECTORS’                          PR19 BOARD SUB-GROUP/CMA
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST                                BOARD SUB-GROUP
Directors have a statutory duty, under s175 of       As reported in NWL’s last two Governance
the Companies Act 2006, to avoid a situation         Reports, given the critical importance of our Plan
in which they have, or could have, a conflict of     proposals, the Board formed a dedicated PR19
interest with the Company’s interests. However,      Board Sub-group to provide integrated support




                                                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT
there is no breach of this duty if the Board has     to both the Board and management in producing
authorised the matter in question. The Articles      and assuring NWL’s Business Plan.
permit Directors (other than the Director having
                                                     The PR19 Board Sub-group worked closely with
the interest in question) to authorise any
                                                     the Company’s full Board, the ELT and relevant
situation giving rise to a known or potential
                                                     senior managers below that level, as well as
conflict. A register of the interests which have
                                                     external assurance providers and the Board
been authorised is maintained by the Company
                                                     approved the submission of the PR19 Business
Secretary and is available at every Board meeting.
                                                     Plan on 18 July 2018.

WORK OF THE COMMITTEES                               On 31 January 2019, Ofwat published its PR19
                                                     Initial Assessment of Business Plans. The
Details of the work of the PR19 Board Sub-           Company was disappointed not to receive
group, CMA Board Sub-group, AC, R&CSC and            ‘enhanced’ status and was required to revise
Nomination Committee are set out below.              some elements of its Plan and the revised Plan
During the year, in addition to her review of the    was submitted on 1 April 2019.
effectiveness of the Board, Professor Michelon
also conducted a review of the effectiveness         Ofwat published the PR19 FD on 16 December 2019
of the AC and the R&CSC. The evaluation was          and this was discussed by the NWL Board on a
conducted by means of a questionnaire and            number of occasions, culminating in the Board’s
a number of one-to-one interviews, following         request to Ofwat on 14 February 2020 to refer
which Professor Michelon produced a written          the PR19 FD to the CMA for redetermination. In




                                                                                                           GOVERNANCE REPORT
report. The main findings were as follows:           order to support the Board in managing the CMA
                                                     referral the Board established the CMA Board
• Directors were satisfied with the composition      Sub-group, which includes all the INEDs, the
  and chairmanship of the AC and R&CSC;              Executive Directors and professional advisers.
• Meeting arrangements were deemed                   The Sub-group has met regularly to discuss the
  satisfactory and efficient;                        referral and to carefully review the Company’s
                                                     submissions to the CMA, on behalf of the Board.
• Oversight of external audit, risk management       The Company’s Statement of Case was approved
  and internal controls and assurance is             by the full Board prior to submission.
  considered to be excellent;
• The AC and R&CSC are working appropriately
  despite an increasing workload; and
• The quality of feedback to the Board is high.
Professor Michelon also advised that it is
important to maintain training and technical
updates and to ensure that the number and
timing of meetings is kept under review.




                                                                                                           STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 GOVERNANCE REPORT        82




AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT                                   management, and ensuring these are
Introduction by the Chairman of the Committee,           consistent with those set out in note 1(q) to the
P Rew                                                    Financial Statements on pages 116 to 117;

The role of the AC is to assist both Executive         • reviewing the appropriateness of accounting
Directors and NEDs of NWL and its subsidiaries           policies and evidence supporting the going
                                                         concern basis for the Financial Statements and




                                                                                                               STRATEGIC REPORT
(the NWL Group) to discharge their individual and
collective responsibilities in relation to:              recommending approval of the Financial
                                                         Statements to the Board;
•	ensuring the financial and accounting systems
   of each NWL Group company are providing             • reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness of
   accurate and up-to-date information on its            the audit process, taking into consideration
   current position;                                     relevant UK professional and regulatory
                                                         requirements; and
•	ensuring the published Financial Statements of
   the NWL Group companies represent a true and        • approving the external auditor’s fees for both
   fair reflection of this position;                     audit and non-audit services, by reference to
                                                         the agreed policy (see further details below).
•	ensuring the integrity of the Company’s
   regulatory reporting systems and the accuracy       The Committee monitors the independence of the
   of its regulatory reports; and                      audit through different reviews and actions
                                                       including:
•	assessing the integrity of internal financial
   controls.                                           • confirmation that the auditor is, in its
                                                         professional judgement, independent of the
The Committee also maintains oversight of                NWL Group;
internal and external auditors. I have worked
with the members of the Committee and with             • obtaining from it an account of all relationships
management and key advisors to produce an                which may affect the firm’s independence and
action plan for the Committee, setting out the           the objectivity;




                                                                                                               GOVERNANCE REPORT
business to be addressed at each meeting. This         • rotation of the lead audit partner every five
plan is dynamic and is updated throughout the            years. NWL’s current lead audit partner first
year. The members of the Committee are updated           signed the Annual Report in 2016 and will rotate
regularly on developments in financial reporting         after the 2020 audit;
requirements and on any changes in NWL’s
regulatory environment.                                • maintaining a policy regarding the engagement
                                                         of the auditor to conduct non-audit work and
Members of the Audit Committee                           monitoring the level of audit fees compared to
The members of the AC are P Rew (Chairman), Dr           non-audit fees (see further details below);
S Lyster, M A B Nègre and L S Chan.                    • considering audit tender requirements, being
The CEO, Finance Director, Assets and Assurance          tenders every 10 years and mandatory rotation
Director, Internal Audit Manager and the external        after 20 years. Deloitte was first appointed in
auditor normally attend the Committee’s                  respect of the 2012 Annual Report;
meetings by invitation and M Parker is Secretary       • considering new accounting standards and
to the Committee. Other senior managers,                 reviewing their applicability to the Company;
independent technical auditors and advisers are
invited to attend as appropriate.                      • reviewing the approaches taken to bad debt and
                                                         taxation provisioning as well as unbilled




                                                                                                               STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The work of the Audit Committee                          revenue recognition; and
During the year, and up to the date of approval of     • reviewing reporting from management or the
these Financial Statements, the AC assisted both         external auditor on the accounting judgements
Executive Directors and NEDs to discharge their          associated with property, plant and equipment,
individual and collective responsibilities. Its work     and assumptions taken regarding valuing
included the following:                                  financial instruments and the defined benefit
External Audit                                           pension scheme liability.

• reviewing the draft Financial Statements and         In addition, the Committee considers the
  APR, considering reports from the external           effectiveness of the external audit, and considers
  auditor setting out the audit approach and plan,     the level of experience, industry knowledge and
  significant audit risks and conclusions on the       expertise of the audit team, and its delivery of
  NWL Group’s internal controls and risk               appropriate challenge in a knowledgeable and
  management;                                          constructive manner.

• considering the key areas of judgement in the
  Financial Statements, reviewing reports from
                                                                                 GOVERNANCE REPORT       83




Non-Audit Fees                                          Internal audit reports reviewed by the Committee
                                                        during 2019-20 included:
The Company has adopted a formal policy on the
provision of audit services, which was updated
with effect from 1 April 2017, to reflect the FRC’s     • 	April 2019
Revised Ethical Standards 2016.
                                                          Process Review – Sewer flooding




                                                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT
The policy provides for general pre-approval of a
range of services which are generally regarded
                                                          Financial Accounting
as audit related, where the fees are equal to or
less than £50,000. It also sets out a broad range of
                                                          Wholesale services
prohibited activities.
Services which are not prohibited, but which have         Process Review – Service Reservoirs and Water
not been pre-approved and in respect of which             Tower Inspection Programme
the fee is equal to or less than £50,000 can be
                                                        • 	June 2019
approved by the AC Chairman, who reports such
approval to the AC. If the fee for such services will
                                                          Process Review - Appointments
exceed £50,000 the approval of the AC is required.
The policy imposes a cap on non-audit fees equal
to 70% of average audit fees for the previous three     • August 2019
years.
                                                          	Process audit – Customer Complaints and
Where Deloitte LLP is engaged to provide non-
                                                          Account Queries
audit services, this results from its extensive
knowledge on NWL’s business and the sector              • January 2020
generally, as well as demonstrating the required
                                                          Asset Investment
expertise and capability to provide good value for
                                                          	Procurement – General policies, purchasing




                                                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT
money.
                                                          cards and payment terms
Non-audit related work undertaken by Deloitte
LLP in 2019-20 amounted to fees of £14,000, which         	Procurement – Building Maintenance
represents 6% of total fees paid to Deloitte LLP.
                                                          Customer Accounts
The fees paid are set out in note 3 to the Financial
Statements on page 119. The non-audit work in             	CKI/CKHH audit report – GDPR and its
2019-20 comprised provision of assurance on               application within the Customer team and
third party contracts.                                    sewerage network maintenance
The AC also holds in camera sessions with the           In addition, at each of its scheduled meetings the
audit partner.                                          Committee received reports detailing progress
                                                        with implementing recommendations previously
Having considered the effectiveness and
                                                        raised by internal audit and is satisfied that
independence assessments above, the AC
                                                        management has taken appropriate steps to
agreed to recommend to the Board that Deloitte
                                                        implement the recommendations raised.
continues as external auditor.
                                                        The Chair of the Committee, independent of
Internal Audit
                                                        management, maintains regular and direct
The NWL Group operates a blended model for              contact with both the internal and external




                                                                                                              STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
its internal audit function. Under this model,          auditor, allowing open dialogue and feedback.
the internal audit team conducts the majority
                                                        The Committee has considered the effectiveness
of the work, including core financial controls
                                                        of internal audit. There was also an external
and regulatory reporting reviews. Reviews of
                                                        assessment completed by the Chartered Institute
specialist technical areas are outsourced to firms
                                                        of Internal Auditors during 2018/19 which overall
with appropriate experience and qualifications
                                                        noted that the function “clearly meets the
when felt necessary.
                                                        expectations of its stakeholders”. The Committee
The Committee reviews and approves the internal         is satisfied that the current model described
audit plan for the year. Its review is designed to      above remains appropriate for the Group.
ensure that focus is given to the areas of highest
risk for the NWL Group and that the audit work
focuses on key controls.
                                                                               GOVERNANCE REPORT           84




Work with other assurance providers                    Attendance at the five AC meetings during the
                                                       year was as follows:
Support with data assurance work for the
principal regulatory reporting (including the APR,      NAME                               ATTENDANCE
Water Resource Management Plan and PR19 in
the year) was provided by Deloitte for financial        P Rew                                             5
tables and PwC or our Internal Audit team for




                                                                                                                STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                        Dr S Lyster                                       5
non-financial tables.
Our overall approach to assurance of regulatory         M A B Nègre                                       5
data has been approved by the Committee and is          L S Chan                                          1
described below:
                                                        N Herrington           (as alternate for L S Chan) 4
  • business as usual assurance for our ongoing
    data capture and measurement processes;
  • each piece of data must be provided by the
    nominated data provider and reviewed before
    being audited. This is controlled by a workflow
    system; and
  • additional independent technical assurance
    was procured (from PwC as our External             P Rew
    Technical Auditor) to examine areas that were      Chairman of the Audit Committee
    identified as being higher risk as defined by
    our regulatory data risk management
    framework as approved by the Committee. Our
    approach is described in our draft and final
    assurance plans with the results being




                                                                                                                GOVERNANCE REPORT
    described in our Data Assurance Summary
    annually.
Reports from Deloitte, PwC and Internal Audit are
received and reviewed by the Committee.
Further compliance and other matters
• reviewing and commenting on the APR,
  including the underlying assurance, reviewing
  evidence to support the Condition F6A.2A
  certificate (statement of sufficiency of financial
  resources) and long-term Viability Statement
  and recommending their approval to the Board;
• approving arrangements for monitoring
  compliance with the Company’s procedures
  designed to prevent bribery, having regard to
  the Bribery Act 2010 and the code of conduct
  ‘Our Way at NWG’, including receiving reports
  on any whistleblowing allegations;




                                                                                                                STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
• management of tax compliance matters and
  other tax issues, including Base Erosion and
  Profit Shifting and renewing NWL’s Advance
  Thin Capitalisation Agreement and discussing
  other key matters with HMRC; and
• reviewing the Company’s Long Term Viability
  Statement.
The AC Chairman reports formally to the NWL
Board following each AC meeting, and its minutes
are circulated to both NWL and NWGL Boards.
                                                                               GOVERNANCE REPORT       85




RISK & COMPLIANCE                                    systems and processes are embedded in the
SUB-COMMITTEE REPORT                                 organisation and are reviewed regularly by the
                                                     Board, its Committees and Sub-committee. The
Introduction by the Chairman of the                  annual review confirmed that the risk
Sub-committee, P Rew                                 management and internal control systems have
The role of the Sub-committee is to assist both      operated effectively through the year and that




                                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT
Executive and NEDs to discharge their individual     there have been no significant failings or
and collective responsibilities in relation to       weaknesses.
assessing the scope and effectiveness of the
NWL Group’s risk management systems and the          During the year, and up to the date of approval of
integrity of its internal financial controls.        these Financial Statements, the work of the
                                                     R&CSC included the following:
Members of the Risk & Compliance
Sub-committee                                        • reviewing reports at each meeting on the
The members of the R&CSC are P Rew (Chairman),         top-rated managed risks and priorities for
Dr S Lyster and M A B Nègre.                           assurance (being those risks with the biggest
                                                       reduction between the business (gross) and
The work of the Risk & Compliance                      managed (net) risk scores), representing key
Sub-committee                                          control areas for the Company;
The ELT implements policies on risk management
                                                     • reviewing high impact, low likelihood risks
and internal control and ensures that risks are
                                                       which have a rare to unlikely likelihood of
appropriately identified and managed within the
                                                       occurrence but a potentially catastrophic level
business, to ensure that the Company’s resources
                                                       of impact;
and capacity to deliver services as required by
customers remain resilient. This approach is set     • reviewing the management of specific areas of
out in a Risk Management Framework, which has          risk in relation to a major business change
been endorsed by the R&CSC. The ELT reviews the        project iAM and business continuity




                                                                                                            GOVERNANCE REPORT
approach to risk management in detail every year       arrangements;
and reviews the significant risks every month.
                                                     • advising the Board on risk appetite and
Any significant issues are reported by the CEO to
                                                       exposure and reviewing risk assessment
the Board. Senior management implements
policies on risk management and internal control.      processes as well as keeping the effectiveness
                                                       of the risk and internal control management
The R&CSC, on behalf of the Board, has performed       systems under review;
a robust assessment of the principal risks facing    • monitoring compliance with covenants and
the Company, including those that would threaten       treasury risks;
its business model, resilience, future
performance, solvency or liquidity. These            • reviewing management of customer debt;
principal risks, and how they are managed,           • “deep dives” on cyber security and the iAM
are described on pages 57 to 63 in the                 programme; and
Strategic Report.
                                                     • reviewing the risk and control framework and
The internal control framework supports the risk       reporting.
management process, ensuring that risks are          Attendance at the three scheduled R&CSC
appropriately managed, that controls are effective   meetings during the year was as follows:
and that appropriate remedial action is taken




                                                                                                            STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
where identified. Risks are mapped against the
                                                      NAME                               ATTENDANCE
providers of assurance, whether this be
management, internal or external assurance. The       P Rew                                            3
Board is supported by the AC in monitoring the
effectiveness of the internal control framework       Dr S Lyster                                      3
with primary assurance being provided by the
internal audit team.                                  M A B Nègre                                      3

The R&CSC, on behalf of the Board, has carried out   The Sub-committee holds a special meeting with
an annual review of the effectiveness of the         other members of the Board each year to conduct
Company’s risk management and internal control       a separate Strategic Risk review exercise.
systems. This review confirmed that the
Company has strong systems of internal control       The Board is able to monitor the impact of
and robust processes in place to enable it to        environmental, social and governance matters on
identify, evaluate and manage the risks it faces     the Company’s business, to assess the impact of
and to ensure that its obligations are met. These    significant risks on the business and to evaluate
                                                     methods of managing these risks through reports
                                                                               GOVERNANCE REPORT      86




it receives from the AC and the R&CSC.               Principle Three – Director Responsibilities
                                                     The board and individual directors should have a
                                                     clear understanding of their accountability and
                                                     responsibilities. The board’s policies and
                                                     procedures should support effective decision-
                                                     making and independent challenge.




                                                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                     The Company has in place clear corporate
                                                     governance practices which provide clear lines of
P Rew                                                accountability and responsibility. The members
Chairman of the Risk & Compliance                    of the ELT have clearly defined responsibilities
Sub-committee                                        and levels of authority are set out in Financial
                                                     Approval Rules (as explained in the comments in
                                                     relation to Objective 2 of the 2019 Ofwat
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                 Objectives on page 76. The Board’s approach to
                                                     conflicts of interest and the relationship between
The Nomination Committee has wide-ranging
                                                     the Company and its owners is also explained in
terms of reference which are available on the
                                                     that section of the Report.
Company’s website. The members during the
year were A J Hunter (Chairman), P Rew, M Fay,       The Chairman and Company Secretary discuss
Dr S Lyster and D N Macrae. The Committee met        governance processes from time to time to
once formally during the year, principally to        confirm they remain fit for purpose and consider
discuss the recruitment of a fifth INED and the      initiatives which could strengthen governance.
plan for the existing four INEDs to step down
                                                     Details of the Board Committees are set out in the
during 2020/21 and be succeeded by new
                                                     comments on Ofwat’s 2019 Objective 4, on pages
appointees. There were further ad hoc
                                                     78 to 80.
discussions as required through the year.
                                                     Details of processes which are in place to ensure




                                                                                                           GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                     systems and controls are operating effectively
COMPLIANCE WITH THE                                  and that information provided to the Board is
WATES PRINCIPLES                                     robust are set out throughout this document and
The Board considers that it complies                 in the Company’s APR and Data Assurance
substantially with the relevant provisions of the    Summary.
Wates Principles, through the corporate
                                                     Principle Four – Opportunity and Risk
governance arrangements described in detail
above, and the further arrangements set out          A board should promote the long-term
below.                                               sustainable success of the company by
                                                     identifying opportunities to create and preserve
Principle One – Purpose and Leadership               value, and establishing oversight for the
An effective Board develops and promotes the         identification and mitigation of risks.
purpose of a company, and ensures that its           The Company is a long term business and
values, strategy and culture align with that         ensuring its long term sustainable success is a
purpose.                                             key driver underpinning the work of the Board
                                                     and Committees, as described in detail in this
Please see the comments on compliance with           Report. The Board’s approach to oversight of the
Objective 1 of the 2019 Ofwat Objectives, on pages




                                                                                                           STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     identification and mitigation of risks is detailed
74 to 80.                                            in the Risk Report on pages 57 to 63.
Principle Two – Board Composition
                                                     Principle Five – Remuneration
Effective board composition requires an effective
                                                     A board should promote executive remuneration
chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds,
                                                     structures aligned to the long-term sustainable
experience and knowledge, with individual
                                                     success of a company, taking into account pay
directors having sufficient capacity to make a
                                                     and conditions elsewhere in the company.
valuable contribution. The size of a board should
be guided by the scale and complexity of the         A detailed explanation of the Company’s
company.                                             executive pay policy is provided in the
                                                     Remuneration Committee Report on
Please see the comments on compliance with           pages 88 to 99.
Objective 4 of the 2019 Ofwat Objectives, on pages
74 to 80.
                                                     GOVERNANCE REPORT   87




Principle Six – Stakeholder Relationships and
Engagement
Directors should foster effective stakeholder
relationships aligned to the company’s purpose.
The board is responsible for overseeing
meaningful engagement with stakeholders,




                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT
including the workforce, and having regard to
their views when taking decisions.
Details of the Company’s extensive stakeholder
engagement programme are set out on pages 17
to 18.


CODE OF CONDUCT
The Group has a code of conduct, ‘Our Way at
NWG’, covering its relationships with customers,
employees, suppliers, local communities,
shareholders, other investors and regulators. This
document provides clear guidance to employees
in relation to personal conduct, conflicts of
interest, the anti-bribery policy and a number of
other matters. As part of the annual staff
appraisal system, all employees are required to
confirm that they have seen the code of conduct




                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT




                                                                              STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                GOVERNANCE REPORT        88




REMUNERATION
COMMITTEE REPORT

                                                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT
The following report has been produced in            • agreeing STIP payments for the 2019 calendar
accordance with section 35A of the Water               year, including reviewing performance against
Industry Act 1991. It also has regard to the           the balanced scorecard measures;
requirements of the Large and Medium-sized
                                                     • agreeing the level at which the LTIP award in
Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports)
                                                       respect of the 2019 calendar year would vest;
(Amendment) Regulations 2013 in respect of
directors’ remuneration reporting for quoted         • considering and agreeing changes to the
companies, albeit in the context of a company          structures of the STIP and LTIP, which increased
which is not a listed public limited company.          the proportion of measures delivering benefits
                                                       for customers and other stakeholders, other
                                                       than shareholders, to 60%;
ANNUAL STATEMENT
                                                     • setting performance targets for the STIP for
The work of the Remuneration Committee                 Executive Directors and senior managers for
comprises the adoption of principles and               the 2020 calendar year in accordance with the
standards in relation to executive remuneration        revised structure, reflecting all of the corporate
and benefits, as well as agreeing individual           themes in our balanced scorecard to deliver
remuneration packages. All decisions regarding         benefits for all stakeholders and ensuring that
Directors’ remuneration are taken by the               targets are set at stretching levels aligned to
Remuneration Committee, other than where               industry-leading performance; and
stated.




                                                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                     • setting performance targets for the LTIP
Members of the Remuneration Committee                  scheme for the award in respect of the 2020
The members of the Remuneration Committee              calendar year in accordance with the revised
during the year were A J Hunter (Chairman), P          structure, reflecting a sub-set of the balanced
Rew, M Fay, Dr S Lyster and D N Macrae. H              scorecard measures which deliver benefits for
Mottram attends Committee meetings but does            our stakeholders.
not participate in discussions relating to her own   Decisions in respect of pay awards and STIP and
remuneration. There is a majority of INEDs in        LTIP were made in January 2020 before the
accordance with the Ofwat Principles.                outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic. The
The work of the Remuneration Committee               Committee will consider at its meetings during
                                                     2020/21 whether or not it would be appropriate to
The Remuneration Committee met twice during          make any adjustments to Directors’ remuneration
the year, in May 2019 and January 2020. All          in the light of the impact of Covid-19.
members attended the meetings.
The Committee discussed and agreed changes to
the structures of the Short Term Incentive Plan
(STIP) and Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP), to
take effect from 2020. This will increase to 60%




                                                                                                              STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
the proportion of performance-related executive
pay aligned to delivering benefits for our
customers across our stretching balanced
scorecard targets. The changes are described in      A J Hunter
more detail on pages 98 to 99.                       Chairman of the Remuneration Committee
Set out below is a brief summary of the work of
the Committee:
• reviewing Executive pay and Non-Executive
  Directors’ fees, taking account of market data,
  and agreed annual pay awards to take effect
  from 1 January 2020;
• considering an assurance report from the
  Internal Audit Manager on performance against
  targets reflected in the 2019 STIP and LTIP;
                                                                                GOVERNANCE REPORT      89




DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION POLICY                         In addition to reviewing each constituent
The policy of the Remuneration Committee is to         element, the Remuneration Committee reviews
pay no more than necessary to attract and retain       the remuneration packages as a whole to ensure
good quality directors, and to ensure that policy is   that they remain appropriate in terms of
aligned with market practice. For Executive            structure and quantum. In 2012 the Remuneration
Directors the reward policy is designed to achieve     Committee restructured the remuneration of the




                                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT
a balance between attraction, reward for               Executive Directors, with advice from Hay Group,
performance and retention, and salaries are            independent external reward consultants. This
based on relevant market benchmarks, which are         resulted in a reduction in the value of
reviewed typically every three years. For Non-         performance related STIP and LTIP awards, offset
Executive Directors, fees paid reflect market          by an adjustment to basic pay. The Remuneration
practice for similar sized companies, and may be       Committee is satisfied that this balance between
enhanced for roles leading Board Committees.           fixed and performance related remuneration
                                                       remains appropriate.
Executive Directors
                                                       A significant proportion of remuneration is linked
The remuneration of the Executive Directors            to Company performance through the short-term
comprises:                                             and long-term incentive plans, with 50% of the
• basic salary;                                        CEO’s maximum remuneration being linked to
                                                       performance and around 40% for the other
• benefits in kind;                                    Executive Directors, as illustrated on page 92.
• a performance related STIP;                          The remuneration policy is designed to
• annual LTIP awards; and                              incentivise performance across all the full range
                                                       of the Company’s strategic themes and not to
• pension benefits.                                    over-emphasise short-term financial gains. The
                                                       following table describes the policy in more
                                                       detail, explaining the purpose of each component,




                                                                                                            GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                       how the policy operates and, for the variable
                                                       elements of remuneration, the maximum amount
                                                       payable and how performance is assessed.




                                                                                                            STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               GOVERNANCE REPORT              90




 PURPOSE                        OPERATION                    PERFORMANCE                       MAXIMUM PAYABLE
                                                             ASSESSMENT

 Basic salary

 Basic salaries are set at a    Basic salary is reviewed     The basic salaries payable to     Fixed annual amount




                                                                                                                                   STRATEGIC REPORT
 level to attract and retain    annually based on            Directors of NWL are not          determined annually by
 Directors with the             individual contributions,    directly linked to specific       the Remuneration
 leadership capabilities to     periodic benchmarking to     standards of performance in       Committee.
 deliver the Company’s          the external market and      connection with the carrying
 vision of being the            with regard to the           out of functions of a ‘relevant
 national leader in the         expected pay award for       undertaker’. There is no
 provision of sustainable       other groups of              variable performance related
 water and wastewater           employees.                   element.
 services and to reflect the
 external market.

 Benefits in kind

 Other employment               Benefits provided to         There is no variable              Fixed annual amount set
 benefits provided in           the Executive Directors      performance related element.      in accordance with the
 accordance with the            comprise car and fuel                                          Company’s policies on
 Company’s policy on            allowances, healthcare                                         provision of benefits to all
 provision of benefits to all   and professional                                               staff.
 staff.                         subscriptions.

 STIP

 The purpose of the STIP        The STIP is assessed on      The STIP is structured with       The maximum STIP




                                                                                                                                   GOVERNANCE REPORT
 is to focus on delivering      a calendar year basis.       three elements, determined        payable, as a percentage
 key business performance       Awards are paid in cash      by the Remuneration               of basic salary, is 70% for
 targets in the year.           with no deferral, other      Committee:                        the CEO and 50% for the
                                than for specific reasons,                                     other Executive Directors.
 The performance targets                                     • 	up to 50% payable on
                                such as a performance
 are firmly linked to NWL’s                                    financial targets;
                                metric not being finalised
 strategic themes
                                at the point of award.       • 	up to 40% payable on
 (customer, environment,
                                                               balanced scorecard
 competitiveness, people        A clawback applies in the
                                                               targets; and
 and communities) as            event that results on
 reported in the balanced       which the STIP is paid are   • 	up to 10% payable on
 scorecard. Stretching          subsequently found to be       performance against
 targets are set which are      inaccurate or there has        personal targets.
 aligned to the Company’s       been relevant misconduct
                                                             The Chairman retains the
 vision of being the            on the part of the
                                                             right to award an additional
 national leader in the         employee.
                                                             discretionary bonus to the
 provision of sustainable
                                                             CEO, taking account of
 water and wastewater
                                                             overall performance.
 services.
                                                             The structure will change in
                                                             2020/21 to:




                                                                                                                                   STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             • 	up to 40% payable on
                                                               financial targets; and
                                                             • 	up to 60% payable on
                                                               balanced scorecard
                                                               targets.




table continued...
                                                                                            GOVERNANCE REPORT            91




PURPOSE                   OPERATION                    PERFORMANCE                       MAXIMUM PAYABLE
                                                       ASSESSMENT

LTIP

Our LTIP is structured    The LTIP is a cash           The LTIP is structured with       The maximum LTIP payable, as




                                                                                                                               STRATEGIC REPORT
differently from others   based award, with            50% related to delivery of        a percentage of basic salary, is
in the sector and is      deferred payment.            expected distributions to         50% for the CEO and 30% for
designed to operate                                    Group shareholders in line with   the other Executive Directors.
                          Vesting of the LTIP is
as a modest retention                                  the Board approved plan and
                          based on performance
mechanism only.                                        50% related to achievement
                          in the first calendar year
                                                       of the Group profit after tax
                          after award. Payment
                                                       target. For each element, there
                          is deferred until the
                                                       will be no vesting if less than
                          completion of four
                                                       97.5% of the target value is
                          years from the start
                                                       achieved, increasing on a
                          of the performance
                                                       sliding scale to 50% vesting if
                          period.
                                                       100% of the target is achieved
                                                       and 100% vesting if 105% of
                                                       the target is achieved.
                                                       The structure will change in
                                                       2020/21 to:
                                                       • up to 40% payable on
                                                          financial targets; and
                                                       • up to 60% payable on
                                                          balanced scorecard targets.




                                                                                                                               GOVERNANCE REPORT
Pension

Pension benefits are      The Company operates         There is no variable              H Mottram left the NWPS in 2016
provided at a level       the Northumbrian             performance related element.      and receives additional salary
to reflect market         Water Pension Scheme                                           payments in lieu of pension
expectations.             (NWPS or the Scheme)                                           contributions.
                          which has defined
                                                                                         C I Johns participates in the
                          benefit and defined
                                                                                         defined contribution section of
                          contribution sections.
                                                                                         the NWPS, making an employee
                          The defined benefit
                                                                                         contribution of 8% of basic
                          section closed to
                                                                                         salary (under a salary sacrifice
                          new entrants on 31
                                                                                         arrangement) and receiving an
                          December 2007.
                                                                                         employer contribution of 15% of
                          More details of the                                            salary, up to the annual pension
                          NWPS are provided in                                           contribution taxation limit, and
                          note 23 of the Financial                                       additional salary payments in lieu
                          Statements.                                                    of pension contributions.
                                                                                         A C Jones participated in a
                                                                                         defined benefit section during




                                                                                                                               STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         the year, making an employee
                                                                                         contribution of 8% of pensionable
                                                                                         salary (under a salary sacrifice
                                                                                         arrangement) and receiving an
                                                                                         employer contribution equivalent
                                                                                         to 25.5% of pensionable salary.
                                                                                         Benefits are calculated on a
                                                                                         career average revalued earnings
                                                                                         basis with future accrual at 1/45th
                                                                                         of salary per annum.
                                                                                         A C Jones stopped being an
                                                                                         active member of the NWPS
                                                                                         during the year and now receives
                                                                                         additional salary payments in lieu
                                                                                         of pension contributions.
                                                                                     GOVERNANCE REPORT         92




ILLUSTRATION OF                                             For H Mottram, 50% of maximum remuneration is
REMUNERATION POLICY                                         linked to Company performance through the STIP
                                                            and LTIP. For C I Johns and A C Jones, the
The graphs below show for each Executive                    equivalent proportions are 40%.
Director, for the proportion of their remuneration          For the purposes of the graph, the expected level
borne by the Company:                                       of performance for the STIP has been assumed to




                                                                                                                    STRATEGIC REPORT
• the base level of remuneration, which is not              achieve 60% of the maximum potential value and
  dependent upon performance and comprises                  the LTIP has been assumed to achieve 50% of the
  basic salary, benefits in kind and pension;               maximum value, though awards are dependent
                                                            upon actual performance.
• the expected level of remuneration, reflecting a
  typical level of performance against targets for          Information on actual awards for the STIP and
  the STIP and LTIP; and                                    LTIP in respect of 2019 is provided on pages 94 to
                                                            96.
• the maximum level of remuneration, if all STIP
  and LTIP performance targets were fully
  achieved.




H MOTTRAM                                                         £k




                                                                                                                    GOVERNANCE REPORT
Base           100%                                                  424             %ge    Salary, benefits
                                                                                            & pension

Expected       64%                   23%        13%                  665
                                                                                     %ge    STIP

Maximum        50%                  29%               21%            855
                                                                                     %ge    LTIP
           0            300                     600            900
                                   £’000


C I JOHNS
                                                                     £k

Base           100%                                                  229
                      18%
Expected       73%            9%                                     315




                                                                                                                    STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Maximum        60%     25% 15%                                       381

           0            300                     600            900
                                   £’000

A C JONES
                                                                     £k

Base           100%                                                  332
                              18%
Expected       73%                         9%                        455


Maximum        60%                 25%            15%                550

           0            300                     600            900
                                   £’000
                                                                                         GOVERNANCE REPORT           93




NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

 FEES                                     OTHER COMPONENTS OF                   REMUNERATION ELSEWHERE IN
                                          REMUNERATION                          THE GROUP

 The Company’s policy is that the         The Non-Executive Directors do not    The INEDs do not receive any other




                                                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT
 Independent Non-Executive                receive benefits in kind and do not   remuneration from the Company,
 Directors receive fees for their         participate in the STIP, LTIP or      the Group or its shareholders.
 duties. The level of fees is set by      pension schemes operated by the
                                                                                In respect of the Non-Executive
 reference to the market.                 Company.
                                                                                Directors appointed by the Group’s
 An additional fee is paid to the Chair                                         shareholders, F R Frame received
 of the Audit Committee to reflect the                                          the same base fee for performing his
 additional responsibilities and time                                           duties as a Director of both the
 commitment involved.                                                           Company and NWGL. This fee is
                                                                                shared with NWL paying a 30%
                                                                                proportion and NWGL paying the
                                                                                remaining 70%. The other Non-
                                                                                Executive Directors receive no
                                                                                remuneration from the Company.




SERVICE CONTRACTS                                            CONSIDERATION OF
The service contracts of Executive Directors have            SHAREHOLDER VIEWS
a notice period of six months from either side.              The Remuneration Committee comprises two
The contracts do not contain any specific                    shareholder-appointed Directors and three INEDs.




                                                                                                                          GOVERNANCE REPORT
provisions related to payment for loss of office.            In the context of a private company with NWL’s
Any such payments would be at the discretion of              ownership structure, this ensures that the views
the Remuneration Committee and would take                    of the shareholder are taken into account when
account of the contractual notice period and any             setting executive remuneration, whilst also
STIP payments considered to have been earned.                maintaining a strong independent presence on
LTIP awards will typically lapse, although the               the Committee.
Remuneration Committee may approve payment
of outstanding LTIP awards if a Director is                  CONSIDERATION OF EMPLOYMENT
considered to be a ‘good leaver’, for example upon
retirement.
                                                             CONDITIONS ELSEWHERE IN
                                                             THE COMPANY
INEDs are engaged on a contract for services with
a notice period of six months from either side. No           The Remuneration Committee reviews Directors’
payment is made for loss of office other than                pay on an annual basis, taking account of market
accrued fees.                                                trend information and pay awards for the wider
                                                             workforce in the Company. Whilst Directors’
The other NEDs do not have service contracts                 remuneration is not specifically consulted on
with the Company, and receive no payment from                with employees, in general, annual pay awards
the Company.                                                 for Directors reflect the target pay awards for the




                                                                                                                          STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             workforce, which are subject to consultation
APPROACH TO REMUNERATION                                     under the Company’s Employee Relations
                                                             Framework. The incentive pay arrangements for
ON RECRUITMENT                                               executives are not mirrored elsewhere, but are
Newly appointed Directors are remunerated in                 considered to be relatively modest in comparison
accordance with the policy set out in this report.           with market comparisons.
Service contracts for new Directors have a notice
                                                             Directors’ remuneration packages are
period of six months from either side.
                                                             benchmarked against market data on a periodic
                                                             basis, typically every three years, with support
                                                             from external advisers. The salary benchmarking
                                                             is reviewed annually for senior managers and
                                                             every three years for the wider workforce.
                                                                                       GOVERNANCE REPORT    94




DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION IN 2019/20 (AUDITED)

The table below shows the total remuneration paid by the Company to Directors during the year, along
with comparative information for the previous year. The table has been produced in accordance with
the requirements of Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports)
(Amendment) Regulations 2013.




                                                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT
                 SALARIES      BENEFITS IN             STIP             LTIP      PENSION              TOTAL
                 AND FEES       KIND £’000             £’000           £’000         £’000      REMUNERATION
                     £’000                                                                              £’000

               2020    2019    2020    2019    2020    2019    2020    2019    2020     2019    2020     2019

               £'000   £'000   £'000   £'000   £'000   £'000   £'000   £'000   £'000    £'000   £'000    £'000

 H Mottram      375     366       9       9     158     192              44      41       40     583       651

 C I Johns      193     189       8      10       46     47              14      27       25     274       285

 A C Jones      283     276      13      19       65     67              20      44       26     405       408

 M Fay            48     47        -       -       -       -       -       -       -        -     48        47

 F R Frame        11     14        -       -       -       -       -       -       -        -     11        14

 Dr S Lyster      48     47        -       -       -       -       -       -       -        -     48       47

 M A B Nègre      48     47        -       -       -       -       -       -       -        -     48       47

 P Rew            65     62        -       -       -       -       -       -       -        -     65       62




                                                                                                                 GOVERNANCE REPORT
               1,071   1,048     30      38     269     306              78     112       91    1,482    1,561


The table shows only the proportion of                   BENEFITS
remuneration borne by the Company. For two of            Taxable benefits provided to the Executive
the Directors, H Mottram and C I Johns, NWL paid         Directors comprise car and fuel allowance,
70% of their remuneration and NWGL paid the              healthcare and professional subscriptions. The
remaining 30%. For F R Frame, NWL paid 30% of            values are not significant in the context of overall
his remuneration and NWGL paid the remaining             remuneration.
70%. For the other Directors reported in the table,
NWL paid 100% of their remuneration.
                                                         STIP
The Executive Directors receive salary payments
in lieu of employer pension contributions. These         The STIP for the 2019 calendar year was
payments are reported under the pension                  structured by the Committee in accordance with
heading in the table.                                    the policy outlined above, as follows:
                                                         • up to 50% payable on balanced scorecard
BASIC SALARY                                               financial targets;




                                                                                                                 STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Basic salary is set by reference to market data          • up to 40% payable on balanced scorecard
and trends.                                                non-financial targets; and

For the calendar year 2019, senior executives            • up to 10% payable on performance against
were awarded an annual increase in their basic             personal targets.
salaries of 2.5%. This was the same as the level
awarded to other senior managers, but less than
that awarded to other employees of 2.8%.
For the calendar year 2020, senior executives
were awarded an annual increase in their basic
salaries of 2.5%. This was the same as the level
awarded to other senior managers and other
employees.
                                                                                  GOVERNANCE REPORT       95




The balanced scorecard measures and targets, and performance against the targets in the year, are
shown in the table below. These targets are internal measures set at stretching levels so as to drive
year on year performance improvements on a path to deliver our ‘national leader’ vision. This means
that they are often more stretching than the regulatory PCs reported in the Performance Review
section on pages 22 to 23.




                                                                                                               STRATEGIC REPORT
 SCORECARD MEASURE            TARGET        PERFORMANCE      ACHIEVED      % OF TOTAL          % OF TOTAL
                                                                            AWARDED        STIP POTENTIAL

 Customer

 Customer satisfaction

 - SIM qualitative score       >=4.65                  4.5          no                 -                 3

 - SIM quantitative score        <=75               94.19           no                 -                 1

 Water supply interruptions    <=3:45                9:12           no                 -                 4
 >3 hours (average
 minutes per property)

 Mean zonal compliance        >=99.97               99.94           no                 -                 4

 Repeat sewer flooding           <=60                  60          yes                4                   4
 (properties)

 Environment

 Leakage (Mld)




                                                                                                               GOVERNANCE REPORT
 - NW                          <=134                136.3           no                 -                  2

 - ESW                           <=66                64.2          yes                2                   2

 Pollution incidents              <=1                   1          yes                4                   4
 category 1 & 2

 Sewage treatment works          >=99               98.84           no                 -                  4
 failing consent

 Competitiveness

 Group Earnings Before         budget         not achieved          no                 -                 25
 Interest and Taxes (EBIT)

 Group cash available for      budget            achieved          yes               25                  25
 distribution

 People

 Employee engagement             >=80                  67           no                 -                  4




                                                                                                               STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 score

 Lost time reportable             <=3                   7           no                 -                  4
 accidents (no.)

 Communities

 Ethisphere                     award            awarded           yes                4                   4


 Total STIP related to balanced scorecard                                            39                  90


The personal targets related to the delivery of strategic objectives relevant to each Director’s role.
A number of these targets related to NWL’s performance as a relevant undertaker. In assessing overall
performance, the Committee takes into account the Company’s position in Ofwat reports.
For the CEO, in addition to the STIP calculation explained above, a further discretionary award was
made by the Committee to reflect the Board’s continued satisfaction with the CEO’s performance. This
remained within the limit of the overall potential maximum STIP award.
                                                                                  GOVERNANCE REPORT     96




The total STIP awards for 2019 were as follows:       PENSION
                                                      Pension arrangements operated in accordance
                   STIP     MAXIMUM          STIP     with the policy outlined on page 91.
               awarded        STIP (%    AWARDED
                 (out of    OF BASIC        (% OF     A C Jones was an active member of the defined
                 100%)       SALARY)        BASIC     benefit section of the NWPS until January 2020,




                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
                                          SALARY)     therefore the pension value shown in the table on
                                                      page 94 has been calculated in accordance with
 H Mottram       62.4%           70%          43.7%
                                                      the 2013 Regulations and represents the
 C I Johns       48.0%           50%          24.0%   estimated increase in the capital value of his
                                                      pension in the year.
 A C Jones       48.0%           50%          24.0%

                                                      PERCENTAGE CHANGE IN CEO
LTIP                                                  REMUNERATION
A cash LTIP was awarded by the Committee in           The table below shows the change in
2019, structured in accordance with the policy        remuneration for 2019/20 compared to 2018/19 for
outlined above, as follows:                           the CEO and for other employees. In order to
                                                      make a meaningful comparison, other employees
• up to 50% payable on achievement of the Group       includes only those who have been employed for
  profit after tax target; and                        the full two year period and excludes senior
• up to 50% payable on delivery of expected           management whose remuneration is set by the
  distributions to Group shareholders.                Remuneration Committee. STIP has been
                                                      compared to the annual bonus paid to the senior
The scheme related to the period January 2019 to      management cohort.
December 2022. Performance targets were
assessed in the first year of the scheme with                             CHANGE IN CEO          CHANGE




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
payment deferred until early 2023, after the end                          REMUNERATION          IN OTHER
of the four year scheme period.                                                              EMPLOYEES’
                                                                                           REMUNERATION
The Committee assessed the performance
against the scheme criteria in January 2020 and
                                                       Salaries and fees           2.7%             4.6%
determined that neither Group profit performance
or Group distributions should vest. The                Benefits in kind            0.9%            (0.7%)
Committee therefore approved that the 2019 LTIP
should vest at 0%.                                     STIP / annual bonus       (18.2%)           (4.0%)
The total LTIP awards for 2019 were as follows:

                 LTIP      MAXIMUM             LTIP
             awarded         LTIP (%      AWARDED
               (out of     OF BASIC     (% OF BASIC
               100%)        SALARY)         SALARY)

 H Mottram         0%           50%             0%




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 C I Johns         0%           30%             0%

 A C Jones         0%           30%             0%
                                                                                       GOVERNANCE REPORT    97




CEO PAY RATIO                                           other employees. The table below shows this
The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting)                 information produced in accordance with the
Regulations 2018 introduced new legislation in          legislation.
respect of reporting ratio of CEO pay compared to
               YEAR               METHOD        25TH PERCENTILE     MEDIAN PAY RATIO          75TH PERCENTILE




                                                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                          RATIO                                         RATIO




                2020               Option A                 20:1                    16:1                 12:1

                2019               Option A                 22:1                    17:1                 14:1


The Company has chosen Option A (as set out in          have been calculated based on the estimated
the said Regulations) for calculating the pay ratio     employer contributions as applying the method
on the basis that it represents the most complete       set out in section 229 of the Finance Act 2004 for
data set. The employees representing each of the        all members would not be practical. Under Option
percentiles were based on the full year                 A, the value of the full-year remuneration of each
remuneration of staff employed throughout the           relevant employee is listed in order from lowest
year. The pension cost for those employees in the       to highest and the values at the 25th, 50th and
defined benefit section of the pension scheme           75th percentile points identified.


                                   £000       25TH PERCENTILE              MEDIAN PAY         75TH PERCENTILE
                                                    EMPLOYEE                EMPLOYEE                EMPLOYEE




                                                                                                                 GOVERNANCE REPORT
    Salary component of pay and benefits                   20                       28                     39

                  Total pay and benefits                   29                       38                     48



CEO REMUNERATION OVER TIME                              RELATIVE IMPORTANCE OF SPEND
Since the current remuneration policy was put in        ON PAY
place in 2012, the basic salary of the CEO has          The table below shows total staff costs and
increased by the same as, or less than, the             dividends paid for the current and prior years,
average pay award for the majority of employees         and the year on year change.
each year, which has been targeted to ensure we
keep pace with the general cost of living. Over the                             2020       2019      CHANGE
same period, the maximum potential bonus                                         £’M        £’M           %
available under the STIP and LTIP has remained a
                                                         Staff costs (note 5)   150.1      144.7        3.7%
constant proportion of salary and the actual




                                                                                                                 STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
bonuses awarded have increased year on year by           Dividends (note 8)      65.0      130.0      (50.0%)
less than 2%.
                                                                                 GOVERNANCE REPORT          98




CHANGES TO FUTURE REMUNERATION POLICY
At its meeting in January 2020, the Remuneration Committee agreed to revise the structures of the
STIP and LTIP, taking effect from 2020, to increase the proportion of performance-related executive pay
which is aligned to delivering benefits for our customers.
For the STIP the 10% proportion related to personal targets will be removed and the proportion linked




                                                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT
to non-financial balanced scorecard measures will increase to 60%. The Remuneration Committee will
review the structure annually and may choose to revise the individual measures within the STIP to
reflect appropriate performance objectives but the 60% weighting for customer-focused measures will
not be reduced.
For the LTIP, the proportion linked to financial metrics, Group profit after tax and Group distributions,
will be reduced to 40% with the remaining 60% linked to customer and environmental balanced
scorecard measures.

STIP
The balanced scorecard targets for 2020/21 are shown in the table below, in accordance with the
revised policy. These are internal measures set at stretching levels so as to drive year on year
performance improvements on a path to deliver our ‘national leader’ vision.
    SCORECARD MEASURE                                                       TARGET       %OF TOTAL STIP
                                                                                             POTENTIAL

    Customer

    C-MeX experience                                                   top 2 company                   2.5

    C-MeX customer service                                             top 2 company                   2.5




                                                                                                                 GOVERNANCE REPORT
    D-MeX experience                                                   top 2 company                        5

    Unplanned interruptions >3 hours (mm:ss per property) 1                   <=5:24                        5

    Compliance risk index (number) 1                                             <=2                        5

    Repeat sewer flooding (number) 1                                            <=46                   2.5

    Internal sewer flooding (number) 1                                        <=285                    2.5

    Environment

    Leakage – NW (Mld) 1                                                     <=126.5                   2.5

    Leakage – ESW (Mld) 1                                                     <=56.4                   2.5

    Discharge permit compliance (EPA 1)                                       >=99%                         5

    Pollution incidents category 1 & 2 1                                         <=1                        5

    Greenhouse gas emissions (ktCO2e) 1                                       <=57.2                        5

    Competitiveness




                                                                                                                 STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    Group EBIT                                                                budget                   20

    Group distributions                                                       budget                   20

    People

    Employee engagement score (Trust Index) (%)                                 >=65                        5

    Lost time reportable accidents (number)                                      <=3                        5

    Communities

    BITC Platinum Plus/Ethisphere/CCW ‘Most Trusted Water Company’          awarded                         5

    Total                                                                                             100

1
    Where stretching targets are set which are designed to achieve industry leading performance, the
     Remuneration Committee has agreed that if the target score is not achieved but actual performance
     is at an industry leading level and has shown an improvement on prior year performance, the target
     will be deemed to have been achieved.
                                                                               GOVERNANCE REPORT       99




LTIP 2020
The LTIP targets for the 2020 scheme are shown in the table below, in accordance with the revised
policy. These are internal measures set at stretching levels so as to drive year on year performance
improvements on a path to deliver our ‘national leader’ vision. This means that they are often more
stretching than the regulatory PCs reported in the Performance Review section on pages 22 and 23.




                                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT
 SCORECARD MEASURE                                                       TARGET       % OF TOTAL LTIP
                                                                                           POTENTIAL

 Customer & Environment

 C-MeX customer service                                             top 2 company                  10

 Unplanned interruptions >3 hours (mm:ss per property)                     <=5:24                  10

 Compliance risk index (number)                                               <=2                  10

 Internal sewer flooding (number)                                           <=285                  10

 Leakage – NW (Mld)                                                       <=126.5                      5

 Leakage – ESW (Mld)                                                       <=56.4                      5

 Pollution incidents category 1 & 2                                     <=1 (cat 2)                10

 Competitiveness

 Group profit after tax                                                    budget                  20

 Group distributions                                                       budget                  20




                                                                                                            GOVERNANCE REPORT
 Total                                                                                            100




                                                                                                            STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 GOVERNANCE REPORT 100




DIRECTORS’ REPORT
DIRECTORS                                              The Company’s response to the pandemic is
The Directors who served during the year, and to       described in the CEO Review. Both the going




                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
the date of signing, are listed on pages 69 to 71 of   concern statement and viability statement, on
the Governance Report.                                 pages 102 to 103 of this Directors’ Report, explain
                                                       how the impacts of the pandemic have been
                                                       taken into account in making the judgements set
DISCLOSURES PROVIDED                                   out in the statements.
IN THE STRATEGIC REPORT
Future developments which may impact on the            STATEMENT OF CORPORATE
Company are described in the CEO’s Report and          GOVERNANCE ARRANGEMENTS
in the Strategic Report.
                                                       The Company’s corporate governance
Our approach to research and innovation is             arrangements are described on pages 86 to 87 of
described in the Performance Review section of         the Governance Report. In accordance with the
our Strategic Report under the Competitiveness         requirements of our Licence, we report our
heading and the costs of research and                  corporate governance arrangements against the
development are disclosed in note 3 of the             2019 Objectives set by Ofwat. We also report
Financial Statements.                                  compliance with the Wates Principles, which are
Our policies in respect of the employment of           appropriate for large privately owned companies.
disabled persons are set out in the Performance
Review section of our Strategic Report under           POLITICAL DONATIONS
Diversity and Equal opportunities on pages 44




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
to 45.                                                 NWL does not support any political party and we
                                                       do not, directly or through any subsidiary, make
Information on results and dividends and capital       what are commonly regarded as donations to any
structure and equity are contained in the              political party or other political organisation.
Financial Performance and Structure section of         However, the wide definition of donations in the
the Strategic Report. Our policies in relation to      Political Parties, Elections and Referendums Act
the use of financial instruments and treasury          2000 covers activities which form part of the
operations are set out in the same section under       necessary relationship between the Company
the ‘Treasury policies’ heading.                       and political parties and political organisations.
The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting)                These activities include attending party
Regulations 2018, effective for years beginning on     conferences, as these provide the best
or after 1 January 2019, set out revised               opportunity to meet a range of stakeholders, both
requirements for reporting on engagement with          national and local, to explain our activities, as
employees, suppliers, customers and others in a        well as local meetings with MPs, MEPs and their
business relationship with the Company. Our            agents. During the year, no external costs were
approach to stakeholder engagement is set out in       associated with these activities, however,
the Our Stakeholders section of our Strategic          Company representatives attended the party
Report on pages 17 to 18, and summarised on our        conferences of the Labour and Conservative
                                                       parties.




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
S172 Statement on pages 19 to 20.
Further information in relation to employee
engagement is set out in the Performance Review
section of our Strategic Report under the People
heading on pages 42 to 49.


EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE
SHEET DATE
Although the Covid-19 pandemic started before
the end of the financial year, with lockdown
restrictions commencing in the UK on 24 March
2020, the impacts of the pandemic have
continued since the balance sheet date and up to
the signing of the financial statements.
                                                                                 GOVERNANCE REPORT     101




ENERGY AND CARBON REPORTING                             Having reached our previous target two years
We set out our carbon management plan in 2009           early, we have now set a new ambitious target for
with the aim of reducing our GHG emissions by           the future and have committed to achieving net
35% by 2020 against a 2008 baseline of 303              zero emissions by the end of 2027. This will be
ktonnes. We achieved this target two years early        delivered through a combination of further
in 2018/19 as a result of our investment in             investment in renewable energy and green




                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
renewable energy and improved energy                    vehicles and continued focus on using energy
efficiency, along with lower emissions linked to        more efficiently.
grid electricity. Our approach to reducing energy       DIRECTORS’ INDEMNIFICATION
emissions is described in more detail in the
Performance Review section of our Strategic             The Company has maintained Directors’ and
Report under the Environment heading on pages           Officers’ (D&O) insurance cover throughout the
34 to 38.                                               year to 31 March 2020, provided under group-wide
                                                        D&O insurance placed by CKHH.
Our total net operational GHG emissions for the
year ended 31 March 2020 reduced further to 139         On 21 March 2017 NWGL entered into a deed of
ktonnes CO2e (31 March 2019: 148 ktonnes CO2e),         indemnity to grant the Directors of NWGL and its
which was 54% lower than the 2008 baseline. This        subsidiaries further protection against liability
included 94 ktonnes CO2e resulting from the             to third parties, subject to the conditions set
purchase of electricity and 37 ktonnes CO2e             out in the Companies Act 2006, and this remains
arising from the use of fuels. A total of 532 million   in place.
kWh of energy was consumed for these purposes.
                                                        DIRECTORS’ STATEMENT
The protocol that we use for measuring our
                                                        As required under s418 of the Companies Act
emissions is based on the Carbon Accounting
                                                        2006, so far as each current Director is aware,
Workbook developed and updated annually by the
                                                        there is no relevant audit information of which
consultants Ricardo, on behalf of the water
                                                        the Company’s auditor is unaware and each
industry, and published by UK Water Industry




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                        Director has taken all the steps that he or she
Research. This is founded on international and
                                                        ought to have taken as a Director in order to make
Defra protocols but includes additions that are
                                                        himself or herself aware of any relevant audit
specific to the water industry. For the first time
                                                        information and to establish that the Company’s
this year, we have obtained external assurance on
                                                        auditor is aware of that information.
our emissions reporting to ISO 14064 standard.
Our energy supply deal and power purchase               AUDITOR
agreement with Ørsted provides the company              Pursuant to s487 of the Companies Act 2006,
with energy from wind farms around the UK and           Deloitte LLP is deemed to be re-appointed as the
is guaranteed to be emissions free. New protocols       Company’s auditor for the ensuing year.
on reporting of emissions from electricity means
that we can reflect that in our reporting. On this
basis our emissions in 2019/20 were just 62             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
ktonnes CO2e.                                           PREPARATION AND GOING CONCERN
In addition to absolute emissions we also monitor       The Directors confirm that, in their opinion, the
the emissions intensity of our operations using         Company has sufficient financial resources and
three measures, one relating to the water service       facilities available to enable it to carry out its
and two for wastewater. These measures can be           activities for at least the next 12 months.




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
volatile depending upon levels of rainfall and          Accordingly, they continue to adopt the going
pumping requirements.                                   concern basis in preparing the Annual Report and
                                                        Financial Statements. In arriving at their
 ANNUAL OPERATIONAL GHG           2019/20   2018/19     decision, the Directors have taken into account:
 INTENSITY RATIO
                                                        • the financial strength of the Company at the
                                                          balance sheet date and financial performance,
 Emissions/Ml of water                144       163
                                                          which is in line with expectations and
                                                          reviewed at each Board meeting, most recently
 Emissions/Ml of sewage treated
 (flow to full treatment)
                                      185       208       in July 2020;
                                                        • the key financial ratios over the next 12 month
 Emissions/Ml of sewage treated                           planning horizon, as reflected in investment
                                      378       361
 (water distribution input)                               grade credit ratings;
Figures in kgCO2e/MI                                    • the fact that the Company has in place £450m
                                                          of committed bank facilities as back up
                                                          liquidity, maturing in December 2024, which
                                                                                  GOVERNANCE REPORT 102




  was undrawn at 31 March 2020; and                     five years and (2) the longer-term view beyond
                                                        five years assumes that the 2024 price review will
• the Company’s formal governance and risk
                                                        provide a sufficient rate of return to enable the
  management arrangements which are
                                                        Company to finance its functions for the period
  monitored by the Audit Committee, R&CSC and
                                                        2025-30. The Directors have assessed the future
  Board.
                                                        prospects of the Company and consider that the




                                                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT
The Directors have taken specific account of the        Company should be able to manage its business
impacts of the Covid-19 pandemic when making            risks, continue to operate and meet its liabilities
this assessment. The Board has received regular         as they fall due over the ten years to March 2030
updates on the operational impacts on the               given the long-term nature of the business.
business and the business continuity
                                                        In arriving at their conclusion, the Directors have
arrangements in place to ensure continuity
                                                        taken into account:
provision of service. The Board has also received
regular assessments of the financial risks arising      • the Licence which is in place on a rolling 25
from the pandemic and has noted the impact on             year basis;
cash flows from reduced payments from
                                                        • revenue from wholesale and household retail
household customers and non-household
                                                          price controls to March 2025 provided by the
business closures. However, these are not
                                                          2019 FD by Ofwat, an assumption which is
material in the context of the £450m liquidity
                                                          subject to revisions by the CMA;
arrangements noted above.
                                                        • the financial strength of the Company at the
                                                          balance sheet date and the fact that the
VIABILITY STATEMENT                                       Company has a £450m undrawn committed
When considering longer-term viability, the               bank facility as back up liquidity, maturing in
Directors note that, in their opinion, the PR19 FD        December 2024 with the intention of extending
has resulted in a lower cost of capital, significant      until 2030 in due course;
totex challenge, stretching PC targets and an




                                                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                        • the key financial ratios over the planning
asymmetric penalties and incentives mechanism             horizon of the Company’s financial forecast to
which represents a significant challenge to               March 2025 and extended forecast to March
financeability in AMP7. There is also lower               2030, as reflected in investment grade credit
financial headroom available for management of            ratings;
downside shocks and there is likely to be
pressure on projected credit ratings, as reflected      • the Board’s flexible dividend policy; and
in the current negative outlooks, and additional        • the principal risks and uncertainties facing the
financial mitigations required in downside                Company and the mitigating controls, as
scenarios to support long term viability. This            described on pages 57 to 63, which are
impact underpins the Board’s decision to appeal           monitored by the Audit Committee, R&CSC
the FD to the CMA and, while the Board are                and Board.
confident in the Company’s case, uncertainty
around the CMA redetermination has been                 The Directors have chosen a period of ten years
considered in the assessment of financial               to March 2030 to assess the viability of the
resilience                                              Company to align with the business planning
                                                        process for the regulatory price review period to
There is also additional uncertainty on the             March 2025, and the next price review period to
economic impact of the current Covid-19                 March 2030. Whilst the Directors do not believe
pandemic. In addition to the short-term impacts




                                                                                                              STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        that it is possible to test financial resilience
of the Covid-19 pandemic being considered in the        beyond March 2025 to the same level of robust
going concern assessment, the Directors note            detail, given uncertainty of revenue and returns
that the longer-term impacts remain uncertain           past this point, they have performed an
and work to assess the Company’s financial              assessment of viability beyond five years against
exposure is ongoing. Estimates have been                an extended plan applying reasonable
included in the scenario analysis to reflect the        assumptions for the next price review which
observed impacts to date.                               includes a sufficient rate of return to enable to
Financial forecasts over longer-term timeframes         Company to finance its functions..
are inherently subject to more risk that the            The financial forecast has been stress tested
assumptions adopted will not be realised. As set        under a number of plausible and severe adverse
out above, the Directors have confirmed that the        scenarios. The scenarios were selected by the
business remains a going concern. In considering        Board after considering the principal risks and
the longer-term viability, the Directors note (1) the   uncertainties facing the Company, as set out on
uncertainties referred to above and that the            pages 57 to 63 of the Strategic Report, and the key
downside stress test scenarios would place              economic and financial variables which could
pressure on projected credit ratings in the next        impact on the forecast. The combined impact of
                                                                                GOVERNANCE REPORT 103




multiple scenarios has also been tested.              the Company’s investment grade credit rating or
                                                      liquidity position at risk a range of mitigation
The stress tests were assessed in the context of
                                                      measures would be adopted, including
NWL’s overarching financial objective of
                                                      application of the Board’s flexible dividend policy.
maintaining prudent investment grade credit
                                                      While outperformance of the FD allowance would
ratings from S&P and Moody’s, and the Board’s
                                                      also help mitigate such an outcome, the Directors
commitment to retaining regulatory gearing of no




                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                      do not consider this to be a key mitigating factor
more than 70%. Whilst the viability statement
                                                      given the level of challenge and stretch implied
relates specifically to NWL, both rating agencies
                                                      by the FD.
take account of NWGL metrics in their
methodologies, therefore, the impact on both          The Board engaged Deloitte LLP to provide third
NWL and NWGL financial plans have been                party assurance, in the form of agreed upon
considered.                                           procedures performed on the calculations and
                                                      stress testing of the plan, to provide independent
The scenarios tested were:
                                                      assurance on the impact of the stress testing
• lower CPIH inflation, leading to reduced            scenarios on the forecast.
  allowed revenue and RCV and therefore lower
  profitability and higher gearing;
                                                      FAIR, BALANCED AND
• increased future borrowing rates for new and
                                                      UNDERSTANDABLE
  refinanced debt, increasing interest charges
  and reducing interest cover metrics;                The Directors consider that the Annual Report
                                                      and Financial Statements, taken as a whole, is
• increased defined benefit pension scheme
                                                      fair, balanced and understandable and provides
  deficit and revised schedule of contributions,
                                                      the information necessary for stakeholders to
  resulting in increased contribution payments
                                                      assess the Company’s performance, business
  and higher gearing under rating agency
                                                      model and strategy. In reaching this conclusion,
  methodologies;
                                                      the Board has taken advice from the Audit




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
• impact of a credit rating downgrade, causing        Committee which has considered the process by
  increased borrowing costs and potentially           which the Annual Report and Financial
  triggering refinancing of existing debt and;        Statements has been produced as well as
                                                      reviewing and commenting on the Report.
• higher operating and capital investment cost,
  causing increased net debt and gearing and
  reduced profitability;
• impact of a major incident crystallising one of
  the principal risks identified on pages 57 to 63,
  causing a significant cash outflow and
  increased net debt and gearing; and
• reduced Outcome Delivery incentive (ODI)
  rewards or increased ODI penalties as a result
  of performance not achieving targeted levels of
  performance, reducing future revenues.
A number of combined scenarios were also
tested. These were determined by considering




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
which scenarios were most likely to occur in
combination. The combined scenarios tested
were:
• adverse economic conditions, comprising
  reduced indexation and increased borrowing
  costs;
• external impacts, comprising increased
  pension payments and credit rating
  downgrade; and
• shortfall in operational performance,
  comprising higher totex, major operational
  incident and reduced ODI rewards or increased
  penalties.
To the extent that any of these scenarios, in
isolation or combination, would place retention of
                                                                           GOVERNANCE REPORT 104




DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES                        The Directors are responsible for keeping
STATEMENT                                          adequate accounting records which are sufficient
                                                   to show and explain the Company’s transactions
The Directors are responsible for preparing the
                                                   and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any
Annual Report and the Financial Statements in
                                                   time the financial position of the Company and to
accordance with applicable law and regulations.
                                                   enable them to ensure that the financial




                                                                                                       STRATEGIC REPORT
Company law requires the Directors to prepare      statements comply with the Companies Act 2006.
Financial Statements for each financial year.      They are also responsible for safeguarding the
Under that law the Directors have elected to       assets of the Company and hence for taking
prepare the Financial Statements in accordance     reasonable steps for the prevention and detection
with UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice     of fraud and other irregularities.
(UK Accounting Standards and applicable law),
                                                   The Directors are responsible for the
including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure
                                                   maintenance and integrity of the corporate and
Framework. Under company law the Directors
                                                   financial information on the Company’s website.
must not approve the Financial Statements
                                                   Legislation in the UK governing the preparation
unless they are satisfied that they give a true
                                                   and dissemination of financial statements may
and fair view of the state of affairs of the
                                                   differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.
Company and of the profit or loss of the Company
for that period.
In preparing these Financial Statements, the
                                                   By order of the Board
Directors are required to:
• select suitable accounting policies and then
  apply them consistently;
• make judgements and accounting estimates
  that are reasonable and prudent;




                                                                                                       GOVERNANCE REPORT
• state whether applicable UK Accounting
  Standards have been followed, subject to any
                                                   M Parker,
  material departures disclosed and explained in
                                                   Company Secretary,
  the Financial Statements; and
                                                   15 July 2020
• prepare the Financial Statements on the
  going concern basis unless it is inappropriate
  to presume that the Company will continue
  in business.




                                                                                                       STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



Registered office
Northumbria House, Abbey Road, Pity Me, Durham, DH1 5FJ
Registered in England and Wales
Registered no: 02366703
                                       FINANCIAL


                                      STATEMENTS



                                                                        STRATEGIC REPORT 105




STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   GOVERNANCE REPORT   STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 106




INCOME STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020




                                                                                                        STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                                     NOTE      2020 £’m     2019 £’m

Continuing operations

Revenue                                                                 2          900.4       869.1

Operating costs                                                         3         (541.6)     (530.3)

Operating profit                                                                   358.8       338.8

Finance costs                                                           6         (112.4)     (130.9)

Profit before taxation                                                             246.4       207.9

Taxation                                                              7(a)         (97.8)      (39.1)

Profit for the year attributable to the shareholder of the Company                 148.6       168.8




                                                                                                        GOVERNANCE REPORT




                                                                                                        STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 107




STATEMENT OF
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

                                                                       NOTE      2020 £’m     2019 £’m

Profit for the year                                                                 148.6        168.8

Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:

Actuarial gain / (loss)                                                  23          17.0        (20.6)

Deferred tax related to actuarial gain / loss                           7(b)          0.5          3.5

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:

(Loss) / profit on cash flow hedges taken to equity                                  (1.0)         2.1

Deferred tax on items charged to equity that may be reclassified        7(b)          0.4         (0.4)

Other comprehensive income / (loss)                                                  16.9        (15.4)

Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to the
                                                                                    165.5        153.4
shareholder of the Company




                                                                                                          GOVERNANCE REPORT




                                                                                                          STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 108


BALANCE SHEET
AT 31 MARCH 2020 (REGISTERED NUMBER 02366703)

                                                                NOTE       2020 £’m     2019 £’m

 Non-current assets




                                                                                                       STRATEGIC REPORT
 Intangible assets                                                  9           90.6           74.7

 Property, plant and equipment                                     10        4,573.4      4,452.3

 Financial investments                                             11          160.9          160.9

                                                                             4,824.9      4,687.9

 Current assets

 Inventories                                                       12            4.2            3.6

 Trade and other receivables                                       13          244.4          182.9

 Short-term cash deposits                                                       27.0            5.0

 Cash and cash equivalents                                                       4.7               -

                                                                               280.3          191.5

 Total assets                                                                5,105.2      4,879.4

 Current liabilities

 Trade and other payables                                          14         (170.0)      (177.7)




                                                                                                       GOVERNANCE REPORT
 Borrowings                                                        15          (41.3)         (51.2)

 Provisions                                                        17           (0.1)          (0.2)

                                                                              (211.4)     (229.1)

 Non-current liabilities

 Borrowings                                                        15       (2,916.0)    (2,824.3)

 Provisions                                                        17           (0.9)          (0.9)

 Deferred tax liabilities                                         7(d)        (467.0)      (409.0)

 Pension liability                                                 23          (84.1)      (108.5)

 Hedging instruments                                               19          (44.1)         (42.2)

 Grants and deferred income                                        18         (506.1)      (490.3)

                                                                            (4,018.2)    (3,875.2)




                                                                                                       STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 Total liabilities                                                          (4,229.6)    (4,104.3)

 Net assets                                                                    875.6          775.1

 Capital and Reserves

 Share capital                                                     20          122.7          122.7

 Cash flow hedge reserve                                                       (10.5)          (9.9)

 Profit and loss account                                                       763.4          662.3

 Equity attributable to the shareholder of the Company                         875.6          775.1

Approved by the Board of Directors on 15 July 2020 and signed on their behalf by: H Mottram
                                                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 109




STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY

                                                                                                         STRATEGIC REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

                                                             CASH FLOW
                                                   SHARE         HEDGE        RETAINED        TOTAL
                                                  CAPITAL      RESERVE        EARNINGS       EQUITY
                                          NOTE        £’m           £’m             £’m         £’m
 At 1 April 2018                                     122.7         (11.6)          640.6        751.7

 Profit for the year                                     -              -          168.8        168.8

 Other comprehensive income and expense                  -           1.7           (17.1)       (15.4)

 Total comprehensive income and
                                                         -           1.7           151.7        153.4
 expense for the year

 Dividends                                   8           -              -         (130.0)      (130.0)

 At 31 March 2019                                    122.7          (9.9)          662.3        775.1

 Profit for the year                                     -              -          148.6        148.6

 Other comprehensive income and expense                  -          (0.6)           17.5         16.9




                                                                                                         GOVERNANCE REPORT
 Total comprehensive income and
                                                         -          (0.6)          166.1        165.5
 expense for the year

 Dividends                                   8           -              -          (65.0)       (65.0)

 At 31 March 2020                                    122.7         (10.5)          763.4        875.6


Other comprehensive income and expense taken      Other comprehensive income and expense taken
to the cash flow hedge reserve arises from the    to retained earnings arises from actuarial
cumulative amount of gains or losses on hedging   revaluations, and associated deferred tax, on the
instruments, and associated deferred tax, taken   Company’s defined benefit pension scheme taken
directly to equity under the hedge accounting     directly to equity.
provisions of International Accounting Standard
(IAS) 39.




                                                                                                         STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    110


CASH FLOW STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020

                                                                                            2020 £’m    2019 £’m

 Operating activities




                                                                                                                      STRATEGIC REPORT
 Reconciliation of profit before interest to net cash flows from operating activities

 Profit on ordinary activities before interest                                                 358.8       338.8

 Depreciation and impairment losses                                                            143.3       137.9

 Other non-cash charges and credits                                                            (13.6)      (15.1)

 Net credit for provisions, less payments                                                       (0.1)       (0.2)

 Difference between pension contributions paid and amounts recognised in the income
                                                                                                (9.6)       (8.8)
 statement

 Capital grants received                                                                        14.9        11.6

 Increase in inventories                                                                        (0.6)       (0.5)

 Increase in trade and other receivables                                                       (50.1)      (22.1)

 Increase in trade and other payables                                                            1.2        14.2

 Cash generated from operations                                                                444.2       455.8

 Interest paid                                                                                 (96.9)      (97.5)

 Income taxes paid                                                                             (61.0)      (39.2)




                                                                                                                      GOVERNANCE REPORT
 Net cash flows from operating activities                                                      286.3       319.1

 Investing activities

 Interest received                                                                               3.3           3.3

 Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                           1.1           3.3

 Short term cash deposits                                                                      (22.0)       87.0

 Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                              (247.6)     (254.5)

 Net cash flows from investing activities                                                     (265.2)     (160.9)

 Financing activities

 New borrowings                                                                                 99.4        10.0

 Dividends paid to equity shareholders                                                         (65.0)     (130.0)

 Repayment of borrowings                                                                       (46.0)      (37.5)

 Payment of principal in respect of leases                                                      (4.3)       (3.4)




                                                                                                                      STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 Net cash flows from financing activities                                                      (15.9)     (160.9)

 Increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                              5.2        (2.7)

 Cash and cash equivalents at start of year                                                     (0.5)          2.2

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                                        4.7        (0.5)

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                                        4.7        (0.5)

 Short term cash deposits                                                                       27.0           5.0

 Total cash, cash equivalents and short term cash deposits                                      31.7           4.5


Additional cash flow information is included in note 21.
                                                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    111




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2020




                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES
NWL is incorporated in the UK under the                 The Financial Statements have been prepared on
Companies Act 2006. The Company is a private            a going concern basis, having considered the
company limited by shares and is registered in          principal risks and uncertainties, which assumes
England and Wales. The address of the                   that the Company will have adequate funding to
Company’s registered office is shown on page            meet its liabilities as they fall due in the
104. The nature of the Company’s operations and         foreseeable future. As at 31 March 2020, the
its principal activities are set out in the Strategic   Company had net current assets of £68.9m (2019:
Report on page 10.                                      net current liabilities of £37.6m). The Directors
These Financial Statements are presented in             have reviewed cash flow requirements and other
pounds sterling and all values are rounded to the       factors, as described in the going concern
nearest one hundred thousand pounds (£0.1m)             statement on pages 101 and 102 of the Directors’
except where otherwise indicated.                       Report. Accordingly, the Directors believe it is
                                                        appropriate to prepare the financial statements
These Financial Statements are separate                 on a going concern basis.
financial statements. The Company is exempt
from the preparation and delivery of consolidated
financial statements under the terms of section




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                        (B) REVENUE
400 of the Companies Act 2006, because it is
included in the Group Financial Statements of           Revenue, which excludes Value Added Tax,
NWGL (see note 25).                                     represents the income receivable in the ordinary
                                                        course of business for services provided within
                                                        the UK. In accordance with IFRS 15 Revenue from
(A) BASIS OF ACCOUNTING                                 Contracts with Customers revenue is recognised
These Financial Statements have been prepared           as performance obligations to the customer are
in accordance with FRS 101, incorporating the           satisfied.
Amendments to FRS 101 issued by the FRC in              The Company’s principal source of revenue is
July 2015 and the amendments to Company law             from water and wastewater charges to customers,
made by The Companies, Partnerships and                 which are recognised over the period which the
Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2015.         services are provided. For volumetric charges to
The Company adopted the new accounting                  measured customers, revenue is recognised as
standard IFRS 16 Leases in the period. The              the service is supplied. For measured charges
amended accounting policy is explained below in         which have not yet been billed, an accrual is
note 1(g) Leases. The approach adopted to               made based on an estimate of consumption.
transition to the new standard, and the impact on       Wholesale charges for non-household customers
                                                        are estimated on the basis of market information




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
the Financial Statements, is described in note 1(r).
                                                        provided by MOSL.
As permitted by FRS 101, the Company has taken
advantage of the disclosure exemptions available        A secondary source of revenue is contributions to
under that standard in relation to financial            capital investment, particularly from developers.
instruments, standards not yet effective and
related party transactions.
The Financial Statements have been prepared
under the historical cost convention, with the
exception of financial instruments held at fair
value through profit and loss.
                                                                                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   112




1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)                   Where assets are constructed by a developer and
                                                     adopted by NWL at no cost to the Company, the
For contributions related to the connection of
                                                     assets are recognised in the balance sheet at
new properties to the Company’s networks,
                                                     their fair value on the date of the transfer and an
comprising infrastructure charges, new
                                                     equivalent value is recognised in deferred
connection charges, requisitioned mains and
                                                     income, in accordance with IFRIC 18 Transfers of
sewers and adopted assets, the Company




                                                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                     Assets from Customers. The fair value is based on
considers that these activities form a combined
                                                     the average cost to the Company of constructing
performance obligation that is not distinct from
                                                     an equivalent asset.
the ongoing provision of water and wastewater
services through the new connection. On this         Upon their initial recognition, right-of-use assets
basis, these contributions are recognised as         are valued at the initial measurement of the
deferred income and amortised to the income          corresponding lease liability (note 1(g)), less lease
statement over the expected useful life of the       payments made at or before the commencement
connection, per note 1(f).                           day, any lease incentives received and any initial
For other contributions to capital investment,       direct costs. They are subsequently measured at
most significantly mains and sewer diversions,       cost less accumulated depreciation and
the Company considers that the performance           impairment losses. Right-of-use assets are
obligation is satisfied upon completion of the       presented as a separate line in Note 10.
investment, which will typically be the point at     Freehold land is not depreciated. Other assets are
which the associated asset is brought into use.      depreciated evenly over their estimated
On this basis, these contributions are recognised    economic lives, which are principally as follows:
in full in the income statement upon satisfaction
of the performance obligation. Contributions         Freehold buildings                       30-60 years
received before the performance obligation is
                                                     Operational structures, plant             4-92 years
satisfied are recorded as receipts in advance.
                                                     and machinery




                                                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                     Infrastructure assets (see below)        4-200 years
(C) INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                     Fixtures, fittings, tools                 4-25 years
Intangible assets, primarily comprising computer
                                                     and equipment
software, are recognised at cost less accumulated
amortisation and any provision for impairment.       The carrying values of property, plant and
Computer software is amortised evenly over its       equipment are reviewed for impairment if events
estimated economic life of 2 to 25 years.            or changes in circumstances indicate the
Intangible assets in development are not             carrying value may not be recoverable and are
amortised until commissioned. Amortisation is        written down immediately to their recoverable
charged to the income statement through              amount. Useful lives and residual values are
operating costs.                                     reviewed annually and, where adjustments are
                                                     required, these are made prospectively.
(D) PROPERTY, PLANT                                  Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the
AND EQUIPMENT                                        shorter period of lease term and useful life of the
                                                     underlying asset. The depreciation starts at the
Property, plant and equipment, including assets      commencement date of the lease.
in the course of construction, comprise
infrastructure assets (being mains and sewers,       Assets in the course of construction are not




                                                                                                              STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
impounding and pumped raw water storage              depreciated until commissioned.
reservoirs, dams, sludge pipelines and sea
outfalls) and other assets (including properties,
vehicles and above ground plant and equipment).
Purchased property, plant and equipment are
included at cost less accumulated depreciation
and any provision for impairment. Cost
comprises the aggregate amount incurred and
the fair value of any other consideration given to
acquire the asset and includes costs directly
attributable to making the asset capable of
operating as intended.
                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       113




1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
Infrastructure assets                                The Company assesses whether a contract is or
                                                     contains a lease, at the inception of a new
Infrastructure assets comprise a network of          contract and recognises a right-of-use asset and
systems being mains and sewers, reservoirs,          a corresponding lease liability with respect to all
dams and sea outfalls.                               lease arrangements in which it is the lessee,




                                                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT
Expenditure on infrastructure assets which           except for short-term leases (defined as leases
enhances the asset base is treated as fixed asset    with a lease term of 12 months or less). For these
additions while maintenance expenditure which        leases, the Company recognises the lease
does not enhance the asset base is charged as an     payments as an operating expense on a straight-
operating cost.                                      line basis over the term of the lease.
Infrastructure assets are depreciated evenly to      The lease liability is initially measured at the
their estimated residual values over their           present value of the lease payments that are not
estimated economic lives, which are principally      paid at the commencement date, discounted by
as follows:                                          using the rate implicit in the lease. If this rate
                                                     cannot be readily determined, the lessee uses its
Dams and impounding reservoirs           150 years
                                                     incremental borrowing rate.
Water mains				                          100 years
                                                     Lease payments included in the measurement of
Sea outfalls				                          60 years   the lease liability comprise:
Sewers					                             200 years    • fixed lease payments (including in substance
                                                       fixed payments), less any lease incentives
Dedicated pipelines			                 4-20 years      receivable;
                                                     • variable lease payments that depend on an
(E) FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS                              index or rate, initially measured using the




                                                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT
Financial investments are stated at their              index or rate at the commencement date;
purchase cost, less provision for diminution in      • the amount expected to be payable by the
value (note 11).                                       lessee under residual value guarantees;
                                                     • the exercise price of purchase options, if the
(F) GRANTS AND CONTRIBUTIONS                           lessee is reasonably certain to exercise the
                                                       options; and
Grants are recognised at their fair value where
there is reasonable assurance that the grant will    • payments of penalties for terminating the
be received and all attaching conditions will be       lease, if the lease term reflects the exercise of
complied with. Revenue grants are credited to the      an option to terminate the lease.
income statement in the period to which they
                                                     The lease liability is presented within Borrowings
relate.
                                                     in the Balance sheet and as a separate line within
Grants and contributions related to the              note 15.
connection of new properties to the Company’s
                                                     The lease liability is subsequently measured by
networks, comprising infrastructure charges, new
                                                     increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest
connection charges, requisitioned mains and
                                                     on the lease liability (using the effective interest
sewers and adopted assets, are recognised as
                                                     method) and by reducing the carrying amount to
deferred income and amortised to the income




                                                                                                              STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     reflect the lease payments made.
statement over the expected useful life of the
connection, as explained in note 1(b).               The Company remeasures the lease liability (and
                                                     makes a corresponding adjustment to the related
Other grants and contributions to capital
                                                     right-of-use asset) whenever:
investment, most significantly mains and sewer
diversions, are recognised in full in the income     • the lease term has changed or there is a
statement upon satisfaction of the performance         significant event or change in circumstances
obligation to the customer, which is the point at      resulting in a change in the assessment of
which the associated asset is brought into use. Up     exercise of a purchase option, in which case
to this point, any contributions received are          the lease liability is remeasured by discounting
reported as receipts in advance.                       the revised lease payments using a revised
                                                       discount rate;
(G) LEASES                                           • the lease payments change due to changes in
                                                       an index or rate or a change in expected
The Company has adopted IFRS 16 with effect            payment under a guaranteed residual value, in
from 1 April 2019 (note 1(r)).                         which cases the lease liability is remeasured
                                                                                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     114




1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  by discounting the revised lease payments            finance costs.
  using an unchanged discount rate (unless the
                                                       Actuarial gains and losses on experience
  lease payments change is due to a change in a
                                                       adjustments and changes in actuarial
  floating interest rate, in which case a revised
                                                       assumptions are recognised in full in the period




                                                                                                               STRATEGIC REPORT
  discount rate is used); or
                                                       in which they occur in the statement of
• a lease contract is modified and the lease           comprehensive income.
  modification is not accounted for as a separate
                                                       The costs of the defined contribution section are
  lease, in which case the lease liability is
                                                       charged to the income statement in the period
  remeasured based on the lease term of the
                                                       they arise.
  modified lease by discounting the revised lease
  payments using a revised discount rate at the        (J) TAXATION
  effective date of the modification.
                                                       Current tax
The Company did not make any such
adjustments during the periods presented.              Current tax liabilities are measured at the amount
                                                       expected to be paid to the taxation authorities.
Variable rents that do not depend on an index or       The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the
rate are not included in the measurement of the        amounts are those that are enacted or
lease liability and the right-of-use asset. The        substantively enacted by the balance sheet date.
related payments are recognised as an expense
in the period in which the event or condition that     Deferred tax
triggers those payments occurs and are included        Deferred tax is provided using the liability
in operating costs in the Income Statement.            method on temporary differences at the balance
                                                       sheet date between the tax bases of assets and
(H) INVENTORIES                                        liabilities and their carrying amounts for




                                                                                                               GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                       financial reporting purposes.
Inventories are stated at cost less any provision
necessary to recognise damage and                      Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all
obsolescence. Inventory is charged at average          taxable temporary differences except:
cost upon use.                                         • where the deferred tax liability arises from the
                                                         initial recognition of goodwill or of an asset or
                                                         liability in a transaction that is not a business
(I) PENSION COSTS
                                                         combination and, at the time of the transaction,
The Company is the principal employer of the             affects neither the accounting profit nor
NWPS, which has both a defined benefit section           taxable profit or loss; and
and a defined contribution section.
                                                       • in respect of taxable temporary differences
The cost of providing benefits under the defined         associated with investments in subsidiaries
benefit section of the Scheme is determined              where the timing of the reversal of the
using the projected unit credit method, which            temporary differences can be controlled and it
attributes entitlement to benefits to the current        is probable that the temporary differences will
period (to determine current service cost) and to        not reverse in the foreseeable future.
the current and prior periods (to determine the
                                                       Deferred tax assets are recognised for all
present value of defined benefit obligation) and is
                                                       deductible temporary differences and unused tax




                                                                                                               STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
based on actuarial advice. Past service costs are
                                                       losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable
recognised in the income statement on a straight
                                                       profit will be available against which the
line basis over the vesting period or immediately
                                                       deductible temporary differences and unused tax
if the benefits have vested. When a settlement
                                                       losses can be utilised except:
(eliminating all obligations for benefits already
accrued) or a curtailment (reducing future             • where the deferred tax asset relating to the
obligations as a result of a material reduction in       deductible temporary difference arises from
the scheme membership or a reduction in future           the initial recognition of an asset or liability in
entitlement) occurs, the obligation and related          a transaction that is not a business
plan assets are re-measured using current                combination and, at the time of the transaction,
actuarial assumptions and the resultant gain or          affects neither the accounting profit nor
loss recognised in the income statement during           taxable profit or loss; and
the period in which the settlement or curtailment
                                                       • in respect of deductible temporary differences
occurs. Net interest is calculated by applying the
                                                         associated with investments in subsidiaries
discount rate to the net defined asset or liability.
                                                         where the timing of the reversal of the
The service cost is disclosed in manpower costs          temporary differences can be controlled and it
and the net interest expense is disclosed within         is probable that the temporary differences will
                                                                                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS         115




1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable         requirements for hedge accounting as prescribed
  profit will be available against which the            under IFRS 9. The Company has not applied
  temporary differences can be utilised.The             hedge accounting criteria under IFRS 9 on a
  carrying amount of deferred tax assets is             retrospective basis. Existing derivative financial
  reviewed at each balance sheet date and               instruments, if eligible for hedge accounting,




                                                                                                                   STRATEGIC REPORT
  reduced to the extent that it is no longer            continue to apply the hedging criteria under the
  probable that sufficient taxable profit will be       provisions of IAS 39. Any new instruments will
  available to allow all or part of the deferred tax    apply IFRS 9.
  asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax
                                                        Derivative financial instruments are measured at
  assets are reassessed at each balance sheet
                                                        fair value, which is considered to be the price that
  date and are recognised to the extent that it
                                                        would be received to sell an asset or paid to
  has become probable that future taxable profit
                                                        transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
  will allow the deferred tax asset to be
                                                        reflecting the credit risk of the counterparties in
  recovered.
                                                        the principal (or most advantageous) market
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at     under market conditions as at the balance sheet
the tax rates that are expected to apply to the         date.
period when the asset is realised or the liability is
                                                        The fair value of forward exchange contracts is
settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that
                                                        calculated by reference to current forward
have been enacted, or substantively enacted, at
                                                        exchange rates for contracts with similar
the balance sheet date.
                                                        maturity profiles. The fair value of interest rate
Deferred tax is recognised in the income                swaps and inflation swaps are determined by
statement, except when it relates to items that         reference to market values for similar
are recognised in other comprehensive income or         instruments.
directly in equity, in which case the deferred tax
                                                        Hedging transactions undertaken by the




                                                                                                                   GOVERNANCE REPORT
is also recognised in other comprehensive
                                                        Company are classified as either fair value
income or directly in equity.
                                                        hedges when they hedge the exposure to changes
                                                        in the fair value of a recognised asset or liability,
(K) FOREIGN CURRENCY                                    or cash flow hedges where they hedge exposure
                                                        to variability in currency cash flows that is either
All transactions denominated in foreign                 attributable to a particular risk associated with a
currencies are translated into sterling at the          recognised asset or liability or a forecast
actual rates of exchange ruling at the date of          transaction.
transaction. Foreign currency balances are
translated into sterling at the rates of exchange       In relation to fair value hedges which meet the
ruling at the balance sheet date. Exchange gains        conditions for hedge accounting, any gain or loss
or losses are recognised in the profit and loss         from re-measuring the hedging instrument at fair
account in the period incurred.                         value is recognised immediately in the income
                                                        statement.

(L) RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT                            In relation to cash flow hedges to hedge firm
                                                        currency commitments which meet the
Research and development expenditure is                 conditions for hedge accounting, the portion of
charged to the income statement in the period in        the gain or loss on the hedging instrument that is
which it is incurred.




                                                                                                                   STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        determined to be an effective hedge is recognised
                                                        directly in the cash flow hedge reserve and the
(M) DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL                                ineffective portion is recognised in the income
                                                        statement.
INSTRUMENTS
                                                        When the hedged firm commitment results in the
The Company utilises interest and inflation rate
                                                        recognition of a non-financial asset or a non-
swaps, gilt locks and forward exchange contracts
                                                        financial liability then, at the time the asset or
as derivative financial instruments.
                                                        liability is recognised, the associated gains or
A derivative instrument is considered to be used        losses that had previously been recognised in the
for hedging purposes when it alters the risk            cash flow hedge reserve are included in the initial
profile of an underlying exposure of the Company        measurement of the acquisition cost or other
in line with the Group’s risk management                carrying amount of the asset or liability. For all
policies. Derivative financial instruments are          other cash flow hedges, the gains or losses that
stated at their fair value.                             are recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve are
                                                        transferred to the income statement in the same
Hedge accounting is employed in respect of those
                                                        periods in which the hedged firm commitment
derivative financial instruments fulfilling the
                                                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      116




1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
affects the income statement.                          (P) BORROWING COSTS
For derivatives that do not qualify for hedge          Borrowing costs are generally expensed as
accounting, any gains or losses arising from           incurred. Borrowing costs that are directly
changes in fair value are taken directly to the        attributable to the acquisition or construction of




                                                                                                               STRATEGIC REPORT
income statement.                                      an asset that necessarily takes a substantial time
                                                       to prepare for its intended use are capitalised
Hedge accounting is discontinued when the              while the asset is being constructed as part of the
hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated      cost of that asset.
or exercised, or no longer qualifies for hedge
accounting. At that point in time, any cumulative      Capitalisation ceases when the asset is
gain or loss on the hedging instrument                 substantially ready for its intended use or sale. If
recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve is kept      active development is interrupted for an
in the cash flow hedge reserve until the forecast      extended period, capitalisation is suspended.
transaction occurs. If a hedged transaction is no      When construction occurs piecemeal, and use of
longer expected to occur, the net cumulative gain      each part ceases upon substantial completion of
or loss recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve      that part, a weighted average cost of borrowings
is transferred to the income statement.                is used.


(N) INTEREST BEARING LOANS AND                         (Q) SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
BORROWINGS                                             JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
All loans and borrowings are initially stated at
                                                       ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
the amount of the net proceeds, being fair value       In the process of applying the accounting
of the consideration received net of issue costs       policies, the Company is required to make certain
associated with the borrowing. Finance costs           judgements, estimates and assumptions that it




                                                                                                               GOVERNANCE REPORT
(including issue costs) are taken to the income        believes are reasonable based on the information
statement over the term of the debt at a constant      available. Actual results may have a significant
rate on the balance sheet carrying amount. The         risk of causing a material adjustment to the
carrying amount is increased by the finance            carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within
charges amortised and reduced by payments              the next financial year.
made in respect of the accounting period. The
                                                       The significant accounting judgements were:
carrying amount of index linked borrowings
increases annually in line with the relevant RPI,      • the estimation of income for measured water
with the accretion being charged to the income           and sewerage services supplied but not billed
statement as finance costs payable. Other                at the end of the financial period. Consumption
borrowing costs are recognised as an expense             by measured domestic customers is billed in
when incurred.                                           arrears on quarterly or six-monthly cycles.
                                                         Revenue is estimated and accrued using a
Realised gains and losses that occur from the
                                                         defined methodology based upon historical
early termination of loans and borrowings are
                                                         usage and the relevant tariff per customer.
taken to the income statement in that period.
                                                         Consumption by non-household properties is
Net debt is the sum of all loans and borrowings          billed to the relevant retailer under the terms of
less cash and cash equivalents, short- term cash         the Wholesale Contract and may be either in




                                                                                                               STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
deposits, financial investments and loans                advance or in arrears. Revenue billed in arrears
receivable.                                              is estimated by reference to wholesale market
                                                         settlement reports, adjusted for any additional
                                                         information obtained after a settlement report
(0) BAD DEBT PROVISIONING                                has been run;
The bad debt provision is calculated by applying a
                                                       • the estimation of uncertain tax provisions,
range of percentages to debt of different ages.
                                                         which are assessed on advice from
These percentages also vary between different
                                                         independent tax advisers and the status of
categories of debt. Higher percentages are
                                                         ongoing discussions with the relevant tax
applied to those categories of debt which are
                                                         authorities; and
considered to be of greater risk and also to debt of
greater age.                                           • the asset lives assigned to property, plant and
                                                         equipment, details of which can be found in
                                                         note 1(d) above.
                                                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     117




The significant accounting estimates were:            applying expected recovery rates to debts
                                                      outstanding at the end of the accounting period.
• those assumptions used in arriving at the
                                                      These recovery rates take into account the age of
  defined benefit pension scheme assets and
                                                      the debt, payment history and type of debt.
  liabilities under IAS 19. These key assumptions
  and their possible impact are disclosed in note     Higher provisioning percentages are applied to
  23; and                                             categories of debt which are considered to be of




                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                      greater risk, including those with a poor payment
• the bad debt provision, which is determined by
                                                      history as well as to those of greater age. Bad debt
  estimating expected credit losses based on the
                                                      provisioning rates are reviewed annually to
  Company’s historical experience of
                                                      reflect the latest collection performance data
  irrecoverable debts. Debt is segmented
                                                      from the Company’s billing system. Actual
  according to the age of the debt, payment
                                                      amounts recovered may differ from the estimated
  history and type of debt (eg. current or previous
                                                      levels of recovery which could impact on
  occupier). Higher provisioning percentages are
                                                      operating results.
  applied to categories of debt which are
  considered to be of greater risk, including those   A comparison of the provision against historical
  with a poor payment history as well as to those     collection rates is carried out at the end of each
  of greater age. Bad debt provisioning rates are     year. This indicated a slight deterioration in the
  reviewed annually to reflect the latest             longer term recovery of debt. In addition, an
  collection performance data from the                assessment has been made of the potential
  Company’s billing system. Potential impacts of      impact of Covid-19 on the economic
  forward-looking macro-economic factors on           circumstances of our household customers, in
  collectability are also considered. A reduction     relation to outstanding debt at the balance sheet
  of 0.1% in the long term collection rate would      date. This assessment was based on cash flow
  increase the provision by £5.9m.                    trends observed after the balance sheet date and
                                                      third party modelling of the potential economic
Consider forward looking macro-economic
                                                      impacts of Covid-19. Based on this assessment, an




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
factors and conclude on appropriate loss rates
                                                      additional provision of £6.5m has been made.
The Company’s detailed bad and doubtful debts
                                                      Accordingly, the provision has increased from
provision policy has remained unchanged during
                                                      £85.6m at 31 March 2019 to £104.4m at 31 March
the year and has been consistently applied in the
                                                      2020. As well as the additional Covid-19 provision
current and prior periods. The bad debt provision
                                                      and adjustment for historical collection rates, this
is charged to operating costs to reflect the
                                                      reflects aging of outstanding debt less debt
Company’s assessment of the risk of non
                                                      written off.
recoverability of debtors. It is calculated by




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    118




(R) TRANSITION TO NEW ACCOUNTING
STANDARDS IN THE PERIOD
IFRS 16 Leasing                                        Former finance leases
The Company adopted IFRS 16 with effect from 1         For leases that were classified as finance leases
April 2019 and has applied the standard                under IAS 17, the carrying amount of the leased




                                                                                                                STRATEGIC REPORT
retrospectively with the cumulative effect             assets and obligations under finance leases
recognised at the date of initial application. Prior   measured applying IAS 17 immediately before the
years have not been restated.                          date of initial application has been reclassified to
                                                       right of use assets and lease liabilities
The Company has made use of the practical
                                                       respectively without any adjustment.
expedient available on transition to IFRS 16 not to
reassess whether or not a contract is or contains      Impact of initial application of IFRS 16
a lease. Accordingly the definition of a lease
under IAS 17 will continue to be applied to those      The weighted average incremental borrowing rate
leases entered into before 1 April 2019.               applied to lease liabilities recognised in the
                                                       Balance Sheet on 1 April 2019 is 2.6%.
The Company has applied the definition of a lease
as set out in IFRS 16 to all lease contracts entered   The table below shows the operating lease
into or changed on or after 1 April 2019.              commitments disclosed under IAS 17 as at 31
                                                       March 2019 discounted using the incremental
Former operating leases                                borrowing rate at the date of initial application
                                                       and the lease liabilities recognised in the Balance
IFRS 16 has changed how NWL accounts for
                                                       Sheet on 1 April 2019:
leases previously classified as operating leases
under IAS 17. In applying IFRS 16 to these leases,                                                     £’m
NWL has:
                                                        Operating lease commitment at
• recognised right of use assets and lease                                                             12.6
                                                        31 March 2019




                                                                                                                GOVERNANCE REPORT
  liabilities in the Balance Sheet, initially
  measured at the present value of future lease         Effect of discounting the above amount         (9.0)
  payments, with the right of use asset adjusted
  by any prepayments or accruals in accordance          Lease liabilities recognised at 1 April 2019     3.6
  with IFRS 16:C8(b)(ii); and
• recognised depreciation of right of use assets
                                                       The Company has recognised £3.6m as right of
  and interest of lease liabilities in the Income
                                                       use assets in respect of former operating leases.
  Statement.
The Company has used the following practical
expedients when applying the cumulative catch
up approach to former operating leases:
• applied a single discount rate to portfolios of
  leases with reasonable similar characteristics;
  and
• elected not to recognise right of use assets and
  lease liabilities to leases for which the lease
  term ends within 12 months of the date of




                                                                                                                STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  initial application.
                                                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     119




2. REVENUE AND SEGMENTAL INFORMATION
The Directors consider that the Company has a single class of business, the provision of water and
wastewater services. All revenue is generated from within the United Kingdom.
Appointed business revenue is generated from the regulated activities of the Company, defined in its
licence of appointment, necessary to fulfil its duties as a water and sewerage undertaker under the




                                                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT
Water Industry Act of 1991.
Non-appointed revenue is generated from the non-regulated activities of the Company.

                                                               2020                                     2019

                               Household     Non Household     Total   Household     Non Household      Total
                                     £’m               £’m      £’m          £’m               £’m       £’m
 Wholesale Water                     346.8             95.43   442.1       339.4              97.2      436.6

 Wholesale Wastewater                246.4              78.1   324.5       237.5              79.2      316.7

 Retail                               59.8                 -    59.8        59.6                 -       59.6

                                     653.0             173.4   826.4       636.5             176.4      812.9

 Other appointed business                                       30.9                                     31.2

 Total appointed business                                      857.3                                    844.1

 Non appointed business                                         43.1                                     25.0

 Total revenue                                                 900.4                                    869.1




                                                                                                                  GOVERNANCE REPORT
3. OPERATING COSTS
                                                                             2020 £’m                2019 £’m

 Materials and consumables                                                          21.0                 19.9

 Manpower costs (note 5)                                                           150.1                144.7

 Own work capitalised                                                              (43.7)               (41.0)

 Costs of research and development                                                   0.8                  0.9

 Operating lease payments                                                               -                 2.4

 Bad debt charge                                                                    21.7                 12.4

 Inventories recognised as an expense                                                2.8                  3.4

 Other operating costs                                                             246.6                252.5

 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                     134.0                129.7




                                                                                                                  STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 Amortisation of intangible assets                                                   9.3                  8.2

 Profit on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                (1.0)                (2.8)

 Total operating costs                                                             541.6                530.3


Auditor’s remuneration in respect of the statutory audit of the Financial Statements initially accrued
amounted to £154k (2019: £219k), including fees for a financing subsidiary, NWF, of £7k (2019: £6k). The
prior year costs included fees related to the implementation of new accounting standards and a new
customer billing system. Fees of £78k (2019: £61k) were incurred in respect of the APR, including the
audit of the Regulatory Accounting Statements, and agreed upon procedures in respect of additional
regulatory information, the statement of sufficiency of financial resources and facilities and financial
resilience stress testing.
Fees of £14k (2019: £158k) were incurred for non-audit services comprising provision of assurance on
third party contracts. The prior year costs included work in respect of PR19 submissions and some
consultancy support.
                                                                                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 120




4. DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS
(a) Directors’ remuneration                            (b) Highest paid Director
The remuneration of the Directors of the               The amounts for remuneration shown in note
Company was as follows:                                4(a) include the following in respect of the
                                                       highest paid Director:




                                                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT
                                   2020       2019
                                   £’000      £’000                                      2020     2019
                                                                                         £’000    £’000
 Emoluments
                                   1,482      1,565
 (including benefits in kind)                           Emoluments (including benefits
                                                                                           583      651
                                                        in kind)

For those Directors holding office with both NWL
and NWGL, or contributing significantly to the         The highest paid Director left the defined
day to day operations of NWGL, costs are               contribution section of the NWPS at the
apportioned between the companies to reflect the       beginning of the year ended 31 March 2017,
level of activity carried out for each company.        therefore no payments were made to the Scheme
This note reflects only the proportion of costs        in either the current or prior year.
charged to NWL.
One of the Directors was a member of a defined
benefit section of the Scheme, where the
Company makes contributions towards the cost,
during the year but stopped being an active
member before the year end (2019: 1).
One of the Directors at 31 March 2020 was a
member of a defined contribution section of the




                                                                                                           GOVERNANCE REPORT
Scheme where the Company makes contributions
towards the cost (2019: 1).
The Directors’ remuneration policy and a detailed
report showing total remuneration for each
Director, for the year to 31 March 2020, are set out
in the Remuneration Committee Report on pages
88 to 99 of the Governance Report.




                                                                                                           STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    121




5. EMPLOYEE INFORMATION
The total employment costs of all employees (including Directors) were as follows:

                                                                        2020 £’m           2019 £’m

 Gross costs charged to the profit and loss account:




                                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT
 Wages and salaries                                                         82.9               81.9

 Social security costs                                                       9.1                   8.9

 Other pensions costs                                                       20.2               18.7

                                                                           112.2              109.5

 Costs recharged to other Group companies:

 Wages and salaries                                                          2.3                   2.3

                                                                             2.3                   2.3

 Net costs charged to the profit and loss account:

 Wages and salaries                                                         80.6               79.6

 Social security costs                                                       9.1                   8.9

 Other pensions costs                                                       20.2               18.7

                                                                           109.9              107.2




                                                                                                          GOVERNANCE REPORT
 Costs charged to capital schemes:

 Wages and salaries                                                         30.3               28.4

 Social security costs                                                       3.2                   3.1

 Other pensions costs                                                        6.7                   6.0

                                                                            40.2               37.5


 Total employee costs                                                      150.1              144.7



The average monthly number of employees during the year was made up as follows:

                                                                            2020              2019




                                                                                                          STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 Water and waste water services                                            1,295              1,561

 Customer services and meter reading                                         643                569

 Other regulated activities                                                1,081                927

 Non regulated activities                                                     89                   89

                                                                           3,108              3,146
                                                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 122




6. NET FINANCE COSTS

                                                                             2020 £’m         2019 £’m

Finance costs payable:




                                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT
Bank overdrafts and loans                                                        11.3             13.0

Receivable in respect of derivatives                                             (4.5)            (4.9)

Payable to subsidiary Group company                                              85.7             85.2

Payable to other Group company                                                    0.1                -

Amortisation of discount, fees, loan issue costs and other financing items        2.1              2.3

Accretion on index linked bonds                                                  25.9             30.2

Interest cost on pension plan obligations                                         2.3              2.2

Obligations under leases                                                          2.6              3.1

                                                                                125.5            131.1

Less amounts capitalised on qualifying assets                                   (10.6)            (8.5)

                                                                                114.9            122.6

Fair value losses on derivative financial instruments                             0.7             11.5

Total finance costs payable                                                     115.6            134.1




                                                                                                          GOVERNANCE REPORT
Finance income receivable:

Bank deposits                                                                    (0.2)            (0.3)

Receivable from Group companies                                                  (3.0)            (2.9)

Total finance costs receivable                                                   (3.2)            (3.2)


Net finance costs payable                                                       112.4            130.9




                                                                                                          STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 123




7. TAXATION
(a) Tax on profit on ordinary activities

                                                                           2020 £’m            2019 £’m

 Current tax:




                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
 UK current income tax charge at 19% (2019: 19%)                                26.7                18.4

 Adjustments in respect of prior periods                                        (7.5)               (4.1)

 Payable in respect of group relief for the year                                15.2                16.5

 Adjustments in respect of prior period group relief                             4.5                   2.8

 Total current tax                                                              38.9                33.6


 Deferred tax:

 Origination and reversal of temporary differences in the year at 19%
                                                                                 4.7                   4.5
 (2019: 19%)

 Impact of increase in rate of UK corporation tax                               51.9                    -
 Adjustments in respect of prior periods                                         2.3                   1.0

 Total deferred tax                                                             58.9                   5.5

 Tax charge in the income statement                                             97.8                39.1




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
The rate of UK corporation tax for the current year was 19%. The reduction to 17% with effect from 1
April 2020 included in Finance Act 2016 has been cancelled. Accordingly, deferred tax has been
restated from 17% to 19% and all movements have been calculated at the higher rate.
Tax losses have been provisionally claimed as group relief from other group companies in the current
year, for which payment is being made at the full rate of tax.
Net prior year adjustments mainly reflect a revision to the estimate for corporate interest restrictions
and the benefit of improved capital allowances claims (including R&D).

(b) Tax relating to items charged outside the income statement

                                                                               2020 £’m        2019 £’m

 Deferred tax:

 Actuarial gains / (losses) on pension scheme                                           3.2         (3.5)




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 Impact of increase in rate of UK corporation tax                                   (3.7)                -

 Financial instruments                                                              (0.2)              0.4

 Impact of increase in rate of UK corporation tax                                   (0.2)                -

 Tax credit in the statement of comprehensive income                               (0.9)            (3.1)
                                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 124




7. TAXATION (continued)
(c) Reconciliation of the tax charge

                                                                                                     2020 £’m             2019 £’m

 Profit on ordinary activities before tax                                                                  246.4             207.9




                                                                                                                                      STRATEGIC REPORT
 Profit on ordinary activities multiplied by standard rate of corporation tax of 19% (2019: 19%)            46.8              39.5

 Effects of:

 Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                                    0.2               1.1

 Non-taxable gains and amortisation of capital sums                                                         (1.5)             (1.9)

 Depreciation in respect of non-qualifying items                                                             1.2               1.2

 Impact on deferred tax of change in current tax rate                                                       51.9                 -

 Deferred tax movement not at current tax rate for the year                                                    -              (0.5)

 Adjustments in respect of prior periods                                                                    (0.8)             (0.3)

 Transfer pricing adjustments                                                                               (0.8)             (0.8)

 Balancing payment payable                                                                                   0.8               0.8

 Total tax charge                                                                                           97.8              39.1


The effective rate of tax for the year was 39.7% (2019: 18.8%). The increase of 20.9% is mainly explained




                                                                                                                                      GOVERNANCE REPORT
by the restatement of deferred tax from 17% to 19%.

(d) Deferred tax

                          ACCELERATED                    RETIREMENT        FAIR VALUE
                                    TAX     DEFERRED          BENEFIT        HEDGING         BUSINESS
                          DEPRECIATION       INCOME      OBLIGATIONS     INSTRUMENTS     COMBINATIONS        OTHER           TOTAL
                                    £’m            £’m            £’m             £’m               £’m             £’m        £’m

 At 1 April 2018                  462.2        (57.3)          (17.3)           (5.5)               5.4             7.1     394.6

 Adoption of IFRS 15                  -         12.0                -               -                 -               -       12.0


 Charge/(credit) in the
                                    7.1          (2.8)            2.2            (2.1)             (0.1)            1.2        5.5
 income statement

 Charge/(credit) in
 other comprehensive                  -              -           (3.5)            0.4                 -               -       (3.1)




                                                                                                                                      STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 income

 At 31 March 2019                 469.3        (48.1)          (18.6)           (7.2)               5.3             8.3      409.0

 Charge/(credit) in the
                                   64.6          (9.6)            2.9            (0.7)              0.5             1.2       58.9
 income statement

 Credit in other
 comprehensive                        -              -           (0.5)           (0.4)                -               -       (0.9)
 income

 At 31 March 2020                 533.9        (57.7)          (16.2)           (8.3)               5.8             9.5      467.0


(e) Factors that may affect future tax charges
The Company expects to continue to incur high levels of capital expenditure during the 2020-25
regulatory review period which, under current tax legislation, should result in claims for tax reliefs in
excess of depreciation.
                                                                                       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 125




8. DIVIDENDS

                                                                              2020 £’m                2019 £’m

 Equity:

 Dividends paid:




                                                                                                                   STRATEGIC REPORT
 Final dividend paid for the year ended 31 March 2019 of
 53.00p (year ended 31 March 2018: 53.00p) per share on an                           65.0                  65.0
 aggregated basis

 Interim dividend paid for the year ended 31 March 2020
 of nil (year ended 31 March 2019: 53.00p) per share on an                              -                  65.0
 aggregated basis

 Total dividends paid in the year                                                    65.0                 130.0

 Dividends proposed:

 Final dividend proposed for the year ended 31 March 2020
 of nil (year ended 31 March 2019: 53.00p) per share on an                              -                  65.0
 aggregated basis

 Total dividends proposed                                                               -                  65.0


Dividend Policy                                              Application of Policy
The Board has a policy which takes into account              The Company typically pays an interim dividend
the principle of incentive based price cap                   during the year and a final dividend after the year
regulation, including operating and investment               end, once the Directors have reviewed the




                                                                                                                   GOVERNANCE REPORT
performance. When declaring dividends, the                   financial position of the Company at the balance
Directors consider the Company’s five-year plan              sheet date.
and give due consideration to business
                                                             In April 2019, the Board approved the payment of
performance, the prospects of the Company and
                                                             a final dividend in respect of the year 2018/19. In
the principal risks facing the business.
                                                             reaching this decision, the Board took account of
Specifically, the Board determines the level of              the Company’s financial position at 31 March
dividend declared by reference to:                           2019, cumulative financial performance in AMP6
                                                             and Medium Term Plan projections, which
• the Company’s ability to finance its functions;
                                                             remained compatible with investment grade
• the Company’s cumulative financial                         credit ratings. The Board also took into account
  performance and past outperformance; and                   the principal risks facing the business; good
• maintaining the Company’s investment grade                 performance against most performance
  credit ratings.                                            commitments with no significant service failures
                                                             to customers; positive ongoing employee
The Directors also have regard to:                           engagement and payments made under the
• the Company’s operational performance and                  schedule of contributions for the NWPS.
  the level of service provided to its customers;            No dividends have been proposed, approved or




                                                                                                                   STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  and                                                        paid in respect of the year ended 31 March 2020.
• employees’ interests and, specifically,                    In deciding this, the Board has taken into account
  compliance with the pension deficit repair plan            the impact of the PR19 FD on the financial
  agreed with the Pension Trustee in respect of              position of the Company over a five year time
  the NWPS, as submitted to the Pensions                     horizon, especially in relation to the Company’s
  Regulator.                                                 credit ratings and regulatory gearing; the need to
                                                             retain financial resilience in order to be able to
                                                             deliver the Company’s Business Plan
                                                             commitments for stakeholders; and the
                                                             uncertainty associated with the impacts of the
                                                             Covid-19 pandemic on the Company’s future cash
                                                             flows.
                                                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 126




9. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                               ASSETS IN
                                                              SOFTWARE     DEVELOPMENT           TOTAL
                                                                   £’m              £’m            £’m

 Cost:




                                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT
 At 1 April 2019                                                   97.4            29.7          127.1

 Additions                                                            -            23.9           23.9

 Transfers                                                         33.2           (31.9)           1.3

 At 31 March 2020                                                 130.6            21.7          152.3

 Amortisation:

 At 1 April 2019                                                   52.4                -          52.4

 Charge for the year                                                9.3                -           9.3

 At 31 March 2020                                                  61.7                -          61.7

 Carrying value:

 At 31 March 2020                                                  68.9            21.7           90.6

 At 31 March 2019                                                  45.0            29.7           74.7


Cumulative borrowing costs capitalised in the cost of intangible assets amount to £5.2m (2019: £4.0m).
The capitalisation rate used to determine the amount of borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation was
4.43% (2019: 4.30%).




                                                                                                          GOVERNANCE REPORT




                                                                                                          STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 127




10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                    OPERATIONAL     FIXTURES,
                     FREEHOLD                       STRUCTURES,      FITTINGS,     ASSETS IN THE
                     LAND AND     INFRASTRUCTURE      PLANT AND    TOOLS AND         COURSE OF
                     BUILDINGS            ASSETS      MACHINERY    EQUIPMENT      CONSTRUCTION      TOTAL




                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
                           £’m               £’m            £’m           £’m                £’m      £’m

 Cost:

 At 1 April 2019         158.0           2,877.7        3,044.5         223.4             223.3    6,526.9

 Additions                  3.6             13.2            0.3              -            239.4     256.5

 Schemes
                            2.4             81.7          125.7            6.7           (216.5)         -
 commissioned

 Reclassifications            -                -           (2.1)           0.8                 -     (1.3)

 Disposals                    -             (3.3)          (2.4)             -                 -     (5.7)

 At 31 March
                         164.0           2,969.3        3,166.0         230.9             246.2    6,776.4
 2020


 Depreciation:

 At 1 April 2019          63.3             407.8        1,416.0         187.5                  -   2,074.6

 Charge for the




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
                            4.0             28.9           93.5            7.6                 -    134.0
 year

 Disposals                    -             (3.3)          (2.3)             -                 -     (5.6)

 At 31 March
                          67.3             433.4        1,507.2         195.1                  -   2,203.0
 2020


 Carrying value:

 At 31 March 2020         96.7           2,535.9        1,658.8          35.8             246.2    4,573.4

 At 31 March 2019         94.7           2,469.9        1,628.5          35.9             223.3    4,452.3


 Right of Use Assets included above:

 Additions in
                            3.6                -              -              -                 -       3.6
 the year

 Depreciation




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 charge for the             0.4              0.5            0.7              -                 -       1.6
 year

 Carrying value at
                            3.2             43.3           10.6              -                 -     57.1
 31 March 2020

 Carrying value at
                              -             43.8           11.3              -                 -     55.1
 31 March 2019


Operational structures, plant and machinery include an element of land dedicated to those assets. It is
not possible to separately identify the value of all land assets.
Cumulative borrowing costs capitalised in the cost of property, plant and equipment amount
to £55.5m (2019: £46.1m). The capitalisation rate used to determine the amount of borrowing costs
eligible for capitalisation was 4.43% (2019: 4.30%).
                                                                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 128




11. FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS

                                                                          LOANS TO GROUP COMPANIES £’m

 At 1 April 2019 and 31 March 2020                                                                      160.9




                                                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT
(a) Loans to Group Companies
In May 2004, the Company made a loan of                 In May 2004, the Company made a loan of £1.5m
£159.0m to Northumbrian Services Limited,               to Bakethin Holdings Limited, maturing in
maturing in January 2034. Following a                   January 2034. The interest on the loan is
restructuring of the NWGL group, this loan was          capitalised and at 31 March 2020 the balance was
reassigned to NWGL in March 2016 at a variable          £1.9m (2019: £1.9m).
interest rate of LIBOR plus 1% calculated on twice
yearly payment dates.
The Boards of NWL and NWGL have agreed to
settle this loan before its maturity date. It is
currently envisaged that this legacy
intercompany loan arrangement will be settled in
2020.

(b) Subsidiaries
The Company’s interests in subsidiaries at 31 March 2020 were as follows:

                                      COUNTRY OF                            PROPORTION OF
                                INCORPORATION OR                         NOMINAL VALUE OF




                                                                                                                 GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                 REGISTRATION AND    DESCRIPTION OF    ISSUED SHARES HELD
 NAME OF UNDERTAKING                   OPERATION       SHARES HELD         BY COMPANY (%)   BUSINESS ACTIVITY

 Northumbrian Water                                  Ordinary shares                        Holding of finance
                               England and Wales                                     100
 Finance plc                                                   of £1                              instruments

                                                     Ordinary shares                          Special purpose
 Reiver Finance Limited        England and Wales                                     100
                                                               of £1                         financing vehicle

                                                     Ordinary shares
 Reiver Holdings Limited       England and Wales                                     100    Holding company
                                                               of £1



The registered office of all subsidiaries listed        Holdings Limited. The principal activity of
above is Northumbria House, Abbey Road, Pity            Bakethin Finance Plc is as a special purpose
Me, Durham DH1 5FJ. Holdings are direct other           financing vehicle.
than Reiver Finance Limited which is indirect.
                                                        The registered office of the two quasi-subsidiaries
The Company also has two quasi-subsidiary               is c/o Wilmington Trust SP Services (London)
special purpose entities, Bakethin Holdings             Limited, Third Floor, 1 King’s Arms Yard, London,
Limited, which is wholly owned by Bakethin              United Kingdom, EC2R 7AF.




                                                                                                                 STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Charitable Trust, and Bakethin Finance Plc,
which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Bakethin
                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 129




12. INVENTORIES
                                                                       2020 £’m                2019 £’m

 Raw materials and consumables                                              4.2                     3.6




                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
13. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                       2020 £’m                2019 £’m

 Trade receivables                                                        205.2                   170.2

 Doubtful debt provision                                                 (104.4)                  (85.6)

 Income tax recoverable                                                    11.2                          -

 Amounts owed by other Group companies                                      2.9                     2.9

 Other receivables                                                         15.7                     5.7

 Prepayments and accrued income                                           113.8                    89.7

                                                                          244.4                   182.9


Amounts owed by other Group companies includes interest of £0.1m (2019: £0.2m) in respect of the
financial investment of £159.0m in note 11(a). This loan has a variable interest rate of LIBOR plus 1%
calculated on twice yearly payment dates and matures in January 2034. The remaining amounts




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
owed by other Group companies include £2.4m due from NWG and £0.4m due from fellow subsidiary
companies, which are due on demand with no fixed repayment date and bear no interest.


14. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                       2020 £’m                2019 £’m

 Trade payables                                                            29.1                    26.1

 Amounts owed to other Group companies                                      7.4                    11.4

 Taxation and social security                                               3.1                     3.5

 Income tax payable                                                            -                    7.1

 Other payables                                                            33.5                    34.2

 Accruals and deferred income                                              96.9                    95.4




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          170.0                   177.7


Included in amounts owed to other Group companies is £5.9m (2019: £9.7m) payable in respect of tax
losses surrendered to the Company. The remaining amount of £1.5m is owed to NWG and is due on
demand with no fixed repayment date and bears no interest.
                                                                                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 130




15. LOANS AND BORROWINGS

                                                        NOTE                2020 £’m             2019 £’m

 Current:

 Bank overdrafts                                                                    -                  0.5




                                                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT
 Current instalments due on external borrowings          15(a)                  36.9                  46.7

 Current instalments due on leases                         16                     4.4                  4.0

                                                                                41.3                  51.2


 Non-current:

 Non-current instalments due on external borrowings      15(a)                 501.9                 530.4

 Non-current instalments due on internal borrowings     15(b)                 2,355.5              2,237.0

 Non-current instalments due on leases                     16                   58.6                  56.9

                                                                              2,916.0              2,824.3

(a) External borrowings                                 NWF issued £60m Guaranteed Index Linked
Loans wholly repayable within five years amount to      Eurobonds in January 2006, maturing January 2041,
£18.6m (2019: £38.6m).                                  with a real coupon of 1.6274%. The issue was
                                                        guaranteed by the Company who received the issue
Loans not wholly repayable within five years amount     proceeds by way of an inter-company loan of
to £520.2m (2019: £538.5m) and bear interest rates in




                                                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                        £60.0m. Indexation accretion during the year
the range 1.47% to 5.35%.                               amounted to £2.4m (2019: £2.7m).
The fair value loss on the Company’s outstanding        NWF issued two £100m Guaranteed Index Linked
interest rate and RPI swaps in the year to 31 March     Eurobonds in June 2006 with real coupons of
2020 was £2.9m (2019: loss of £12.6m) in relation to    1.7118% and 1.7484% and with maturities of 2049 and
interest rate swaps with a notional principal of        2053 respectively. Both issues were guaranteed by
£350.0m (2019: £350.0m).                                the Company who received the issue proceeds by
                                                        way of two inter-company loans of £100.0m.
(b) Internal borrowings
                                                        Indexation accretion during the year amounted to
NWF issued £200m and £150m Guaranteed                   £8.1m (2019: £9.1m).
Eurobonds in February 1998 and September 2001
respectively, maturing February 2023, with an annual    NWF issued £360m Guaranteed Eurobonds in
coupon of 6.875%. The issues were guaranteed by the     January 2012, maturing January 2042, with an
Company who received the issue proceeds by way of       annual coupon of 5.125%. The issue was guaranteed
inter-company loans of £194.2m and £163.2m              by the Company who received the issue proceeds
respectively. Finance costs allocated during the year   by way of an inter-company loan of £339.3m.
amounted to £0.2m (2019: £0.2m). Amortisation of        Finance costs allocated during the year amounted
loan issue receipts during the year amounted to         to £0.7m (2019: £0.7m).




                                                                                                              STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
£0.3m (2019: £0.3m).                                 NWF issued £300m Guaranteed Eurobonds in
NWF issued £250m and £100m Guaranteed                October 2016, maturing October 2026, with an
Eurobonds in December 2002 and December 2004,        annual coupon of 1.625%. The issue was guaranteed
maturing April 2033 with an annual coupon of 5.625%. by the Company who received the issue proceeds
Both issues were guaranteed by the Company who       by way of an inter-company loan of £297.6m.
received the issue proceeds by way of inter-company Finance costs allocated during the year amounted
loans of £246.6m and £100.8m respectively. Finance   to £0.2m (2019: £0.2m).
costs allocated during the year amounted to £0.2m    NWF issued £300m Guaranteed Eurobonds in
(2019: £0.2m).                                       October 2017, maturing October 2027, with an
NWF issued £150m Guaranteed Index Linked             annual coupon of 2.375%. The issue was guaranteed
Eurobonds in September 2005, maturing July 2036,     by the Company who received the issue proceeds
with a real coupon of 2.033%. The issue was          by way of an inter-company loan of £298.2m.
guaranteed by the Company who received the issue     Finance costs allocated during the year amounted
proceeds by way of an inter-company loan of £149.1m. to £0.3m (2019: £0.3m).
Indexation accretion during the year amounted to
£6.2m (2019: £7.0m). Finance costs allocated during
the year amounted to £0.2m (2019: £0.2m)
                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    131




15. LOANS AND BORROWINGS (continued)
NWF issued £100m Guaranteed Index Linked Private Placement notes in October 2019 with a coupon of
CPI plus 0.242%, maturing October 2039. The issue was guaranteed by the Company who received the
issue proceeds by way of an inter-company loan of £99.6m. Indexation accretion during the year
amounted to £0.5m.




                                                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT
16. LEASES
(a) Lease obligations under IFRS 16                   years, at which point there may be an increase in
At 1 April 2019, the Company adopted IFRS 16 and      rental payments. There are no purchase options
has applied the standard retrospectively with the     or escalation clauses in respect of these leases
cumulative effect recognised at the date of initial   and the terms of renewal are governed by
application (note 1(r)). Prior years have not been    Landlord and Tenant legislation. There are no
restated.                                             restrictions imposed by these lease
                                                      arrangements. There are no contingent rents,
The Company holds leases in respect of land and       escalation clauses or material renewal or
buildings, and to acquire plant, machinery and        purchase options. The leases impose no
motor vehicles.                                       restrictions in respect of dividends or raising
Land and building rent reviews are triggered by       additional debt. The obligations are as follows:
the lessor and typically take place every 3 to 5

 MATURITY ANALYSIS:                                                                           2020 £’m

 Year 1                                                                                             4.4




                                                                                                           GOVERNANCE REPORT
 Year 2                                                                                             3.7

 Year 3                                                                                             3.0

 Year 4                                                                                             2.2

 Year 5                                                                                             1.5

 Onwards                                                                                          48.2

                                                                                                  63.0




                                                                                                           STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 132




16. LEASES (continued)

(b) Finance lease and operating lease commitments under IAS 17
Leases previously classified as finance leases under IAS 17:




                                                                                                    STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                                                        2019 £’m

 Future minimum lease payments due:

 Within one year                                                                             6.0

 In the second to fifth years inclusive                                                     18.9

 After five years                                                                           70.9

                                                                                            95.8

 Less:

 Finance charge allocated to future periods                                                (34.9)

 Present value of minimum lease payments                                                    60.9

 Present value of minimum lease payments:

 Within one year                                                                             4.0

 In the second to fifth years inclusive                                                     10.6

 After five years                                                                           46.3




                                                                                                    GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                                                            60.9

Leases previously classified as operating leases under IAS 17:


The future minimum rentals payable under non-cancellable operating leases:
                                                                                        2019 £’m

 Not later than one year                                                                     0.5

 After one year but not more than five years                                                 1.0

 After five years                                                                           11.1

                                                                                            12.6




                                                                                                    STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 133




17. PROVISIONS

                                                                                                      £’m

 Pension provision for former employees:

 At 1 April 2019                                                                                       1.1




                                                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT
 Utilised during the year                                                                             (0.1)

 At 31 March 2020                                                                                      1.0


 Analysed as:

 Current                                                                                               0.1

 Non-current                                                                                           0.9

                                                                                                       1.0



The provision mainly represents outstanding             It is not currently possible to estimate the
pension liabilities for pensions that have been         financial effect and likely timing of any
awarded on a discretionary basis, mainly to             associated outflow of some matters, given that
former employees of water companies which               some are in early stages of discussion, the limited
have since merged with the Company. These               likelihood of the claims against the Company
pension liabilities have been calculated by an          being successful, or the potential range of
independent actuary, using the same actuarial           possible outcomes, and accordingly no provision
assumptions as applied to the defined benefit           has been made in the Financial Statements. No




                                                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT
pension scheme, and are expected to be paid             reasonably possible financial outcome that would
over the remaining lives, which is approximately        be significant to the Financial Statements has
three years.                                            been identified in relation to these remaining
                                                        matters at the date of the issue of these Financial
In the ordinary course of business, the Company
                                                        Statements.
is sometimes subject to claims and potential
litigation, whether from regulatory bodies,
individuals or particular groups, related to one off
matters. The Directors consider that, where it is
possible to be estimated, a reasonable and
appropriate position has been taken in reflecting
such items in these financial statements in note
14 and the note above.



18. GRANTS AND DEFERRED INCOME

                                           CAPITAL GRANTS AND     PROCEEDS FROM KIELDER




                                                                                                              STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                CONTRIBUTIONS            SECURITISATION            TOTAL
                                                           £’m                       £’m             £’m
 At 1 April 2019                                         383.6                        106.7          490.3

 Additions                                                28.4                            -           28.4

 Amortised during the year                                (5.5)                        (7.1)         (12.6)

 At 31 March 2020                                        406.5                         99.6          506.1


The Kielder securitisation involved the assignment of the right to the future income stream associated
with the Kielder WROA until 2034 to Reiver Finance Limited, a subsidiary company, in return for
consideration of £212.1m. This capital sum is amortised to the income statement of the Company over
the life of the assignment.
                                                                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 134




19. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

                                                                                       2020 £’m               2019 £’m

 Financial liabilities / (assets) that are designated and effective as hedging instruments carried at fair value:

 Interest rate swaps                                                                        13.2                     10.9




                                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
 Power forward contracts                                                                       -                      1.3

 Foreign exchange contracts                                                                 (0.1)                    (0.3)

 Financial liabilities / (assets) carried at fair value through profit and loss:

 Interest rate swaps                                                                        31.0                     30.4

 Power forward contracts                                                                       -                     (0.1)

                                                                                            44.1                     42.2


At 31 March 2020, the Company held the following interest rate swaps, designated as hedges of future
interest cash flows, used to convert variable rate interest payments to a fixed rate basis:

 NOTIONAL AMOUNT                         START DATE             TERMINATION DATE                    INDEX LINKED RATE

 £100.0m                           15 September 2008                    15 March 2022                               4.79%

 £150.0m                              15 October 2015                 15 October 2025                               2.36%


At 31 March 2020, the Company held the following interest rate swaps, designated as hedges of future




                                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
interest cash flows, used to convert fixed rate interest payments to an index linked rate basis:

 NOTIONAL AMOUNT                         START DATE             TERMINATION DATE                    INDEX LINKED RATE

 £150.0m                              15 October 2015                 15 October 2025                          (0.42%)

 £100.0m                                  22 June 2017                   22 June 2027                          (1.10%)


At 31 March 2020, the Company held the following forward exchange contracts, designated as hedges
of expected future purchases for which the Company has firm commitments. The forward currency
contracts are being used to hedge the foreign currency risk of the firm commitments. The terms of
these contracts are as follows:

 CURRENCY BOUGHT                           MATURITY                EXCHANGE RATE                TRANSACTION VALUE £’m

 EUR 2,980                                 9 April 2020                            1.0932                                -

 USD 1,245,000                            17 April 2020                            1.2620                             1.0

 USD 1,240,404                            30 April 2020                            1.4293                             0.8




                                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                      1.8
                                                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 135




19. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
At 31 March 2019, the Company held the following forward exchange contracts, designated as hedges
of expected future purchases for which the Company has firm commitments. The forward currency
contracts are being used to hedge the foreign currency risk of the firm commitments. The terms of
these contracts are as follows:




                                                                                                         STRATEGIC REPORT
 CURRENCY BOUGHT                         MATURITY         EXCHANGE RATE        TRANSACTION VALUE £’m

 USD 1,245,000                           4 April 2019             1.4550                          0.9

 USD 1,112,000                          31 May 2019               1.2645                          0.9

 USD 1,245,000                         13 March 2020              1.4600                          0.8

 USD 1,240,404                          30 April 2019             1.4069                          0.9

 USD 1,240,404                          30 April 2020             1.4293                          0.8

                                                                                                  4.3




20. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                      2020 £’m               2019 £’m

 Authorised:

 122,650,000 Ordinary Shares of £1 each (31 March 2019:
                                                                           122.7                122.7
 122,650,000)




                                                                                                         GOVERNANCE REPORT
 Allotted, called-up and fully paid:

 122,650,000 Ordinary Shares of £1 each (31 March 2019:
                                                                           122.7                122.7
 122,650,000)


NWL is a company limited by shares.




                                                                                                         STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT 136




21. ADDITIONAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION
Analysis of net debt as at 31 March 2020

                                                                                               OTHER                AT
                                                         AT 1 APRIL                         NON-CASH         31 MARCH




                                                                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                               2019        CASH FLOW       MOVEMENTS              2020
                                             NOTE               £’m               £’m             £’m              £’m
 Cash and cash equivalents                                         (0.5)           5.2                   -          4.7

 Loans receivable                                11               160.9               -                  -        160.9

 Short term cash deposits                                           5.0           22.0                   -         27.0

 Loans payable                                   15         (2,814.1)            (53.4)            (26.8)      (2,894.3)

 Leases                                        16(a)              (60.9)           4.3               (6.4)        (63.0)

                                                            (2,709.6)           (21.9)             (33.2)      (2,764.7)



Analysis of net debt as at 31 March 2019

                                                                                               OTHER                AT
                                                         AT 1 APRIL                         NON-CASH         31 MARCH
                                                               2018        CASH FLOW       MOVEMENTS              2019
                                             NOTE               £’m               £’m             £’m              £’m
 Cash and cash equivalents                                          2.2           (2.7)                  -         (0.5)




                                                                                                                           GOVERNANCE REPORT
 Loans receivable                                11               160.9               -                  -        160.9

 Short term cash deposits                                          92.0          (87.0)                  -          5.0

 Loans payable                                   15         (2,810.1)             27.5              (31.5)     (2,814.1)

 Finance leases                                16(b)              (59.5)           3.4               (4.8)        (60.9)

                                                            (2,614.5)           (58.8)             (36.3)      (2,709.6)


22. FINANCIAL COMMITMENTS
(a) Capital commitments

                                                                                   2020 £’m                   2019 £’m

 Contractual commitments for the acquisition of property, plant
                                                                                          120.2                   145.3
 and equipment and intangible assets




                                                                                                                           STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
In addition to these commitments, the Company                 (c) Power purchase agreement
has longer term expenditure plans, including                  In 2018/19 the Company signed a power purchase
investment to deliver business outcomes,                      agreement with Ørsted, to purchase renewable
maintain the health of the asset base and provide             energy from an offshore wind farm which will
for new demand and growth in the regulated part               meet around 25% of the Company’s energy
of the business.                                              demand. The agreement is for a 10 year term at a
                                                              fixed commodity price, increasing annually by
(b) Foreign currency commitments                              CPI. The Company has concluded that the ‘own
At 31 March 2020 the Company held forward                     use exception’ applies, meaning that the power
foreign exchange contracts of £1.8m (2019: £4.3m)             purchase agreement contract is not within the
for the purpose of hedging the foreign currency               scope of IFRS 9 and therefore no further
risk of committed future purchases.                           disclosures are necessary.
                                                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 137




23. PENSIONS
NWL participates in the Group defined benefit          Employers’ contributions (including associated
pension scheme, NWPS, providing benefits to 1,117      company contributions) of £30.0m were paid in
active members at 31 March 2020 (2019: 1,200).         the year to 31 March 2020, of which £12.2m related
The assets of the NWPS are held separately from        to deficit reduction. For the year to 31 March 2021
those of the Group in independently administered       employers contributions are projected to be




                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
funds.                                                 £29.9m, including £12.5m in respect of deficit
                                                       reduction.
The most recent actuarial valuation of the NWPS
was at 31 December 2016. At that date, the value of    Since 1 June 2019, the Company has participated
assets amounted to £954.6m and the liabilities         in the LifeSight master trust, a defined
were £1,245.2m, resulting in a deficit of £290.6m      contribution pension arrangement for non-
and a funding level of 76.7%. The next actuarial       associated employers. Prior to 1 June 2019, the
valuation has commenced and will be dated as at        Company contributed to the defined contribution
31 December 2019.                                      section of the NWPS. Defined contribution
                                                       members and assets were transferred from the
Under the revised schedule of contributions the
                                                       NWPS to LifeSight during 2019. There were 1,989
future service contribution rate, jointly payable by
                                                       active members in defined contribution pension
members and the employers, remained at 29.4%
                                                       arrangements at 31 March 2020 (2019: 1,957).
of pensionable salaries until 31 December 2017.
                                                       Members can choose to contribute either 3%, 4%
With effect from 1 January 2018, the employers’
                                                       or 5% of salary, with employers contributing at
contribution was set at £12.3m per annum,
                                                       either 6%, 7% or 8% depending on the member
increasing annually by RPI. Employee
                                                       contribution rate. The contributions paid to
contribution rates remained at between 6% and
                                                       defined contribution pension arrangements by
8% of pensionable salary, dependent upon which
                                                       the Company in the year totalled £6.7m (2019:
section of the Scheme the employee is a member
                                                       £6.0m).
of. The Company operates a salary sacrifice




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
scheme under which members can elect for the           The additional disclosures regarding the defined
Company to pay employee contributions on their         benefit scheme as required under FRS 101 and the
behalf in place of salary. The Company will            relevant impact on the Financial Statements are
continue to pay the employer NI savings resulting      set out below. A qualified actuary, using revised
from the salary sacrifice arrangement as               assumptions that are consistent with the
additional employer contributions to the Scheme.       requirements of FRS 101 has updated the actuarial
                                                       valuation described above as at 31 March 2020.
In addition, the employers continue to make
                                                       Investments have been valued, for this purpose, at
deficit reduction payments of £11m per annum,
                                                       fair value.
with effect from 1 April 2015, increasing annually
by RPI. Deficit reduction payments will increase
by £2.6m per annum with effect from 1 April 2021.
The deficit reduction payments have been set
with the objective of removing the deficit by 31
March 2031, which has been the Company’s
long-term aim.




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 138




23. PENSIONS (continued)

     FRS 101 ACTUARIAL ASSUMPTIONS:                                        2020                       2019

     Discount rate                                                        2.35%                   2.40%

     Pay increases1                                                       3.00%                   3.15%




                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
     Price inflation (RPI)                                                2.50%                   3.15%

     Price inflation (CPI)                                                2.00%                   2.05%

     Pension increases linked to RPI                                      2.50%                   3.15%

     Pension increases linked to CPI                                      2.00%                   2.05%

     Mortality assumptions2

     - Life expectancy for a member aged 65 - female (years)                24.2                      23.8

     - Life expectancy for a member aged 65 - male (years)                  22.4                      22.0

1.
     including promotional salary scale
2.
      scheme specific bespoke ‘Vitacurves’ which reflect the characteristics of the Scheme membership


The fair value of the assets in the NWPS and the present value of the liabilities in the Scheme are
shown below:

                                                                        2020 £’m               2019 £’m




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
     Equities                                                              218.4                   293.1

     Corporate bonds                                                       100.0                      47.0

     Government bonds                                                      483.6                   466.5

     Property related funds                                                 47.8                      56.6

     Cash                                                                   19.5                      15.4

     Other                                                                 151.3                   152.2

     Total fair value of assets                                          1,020.6                 1,030.8

     Present value of liabilities                                       (1,104.7)               (1,139.3)

     Deficit                                                               (84.1)                (108.5)


The amounts recognised in the income statement and in the statement of comprehensive income are
analysed as follows:




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     RECOGNISED IN THE INCOME STATEMENT:                                2020 £’m               2019 £’m

     Current service cost                                                   16.4                      15.6

     Administration cost                                                     2.3                       1.9

     Past service cost                                                       1.5                       1.2

     Recognised in operating costs in arriving at operating profit          20.2                      18.7



     RECOGNISED IN THE INCOME STATEMENT:                                   2020 £’m            2019 £’m

     Net interest cost on plan obligations                                          2.3                2.2

     Recognised in finance costs                                                    2.3                2.2
                                                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 139




23. PENSIONS (continued)
 RECOGNISED IN THE STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME:                    2020 £’m          2019 £’m

 Changes in demographic assumptions                                              _             21.5

 Changes in financial assumptions                                            26.2             (81.4)




                                                                                                        STRATEGIC REPORT
 Return on assets (excluding amounts included in finance costs)             (12.9)             40.0

 Other actuarial gains / (losses)                                              3.6              (0.9)

 Net actuarial gains / (losses)                                              16.9             (20.8)

 Contributions made by associated company                                      0.1               0.2

 Net actuarial gains / (losses)                                              17.0             (20.6)



Changes in the present value of the defined pension obligations are analysed as follows:

                                                                         2020 £’m          2019 £’m

 At start of period                                                        1,139.3           1,083.6

 Current service cost                                                        16.4              15.6

 Administration cost                                                           2.3               1.9

 Past service cost                                                             1.5               1.2




                                                                                                        GOVERNANCE REPORT
 Interest cost                                                               26.8              28.1

 Contributions by plan participants                                            0.1               0.1

 Benefits paid                                                              (51.9)            (52.0)

 Remeasurement:

      Changes in demographic assumptions                                         _            (21.5)

      Changes in financial assumptions                                      (26.2)             81.4

      Other actuarial (gains) / losses                                        (3.6)              0.9

 At end of period                                                          1,104.7           1,139.3



Changes in the fair value of plan assets are analysed as follows:

                                                                         2020 £’m          2019 £’m




                                                                                                        STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 At start of period                                                        1,030.8            989.3

 Interest income on scheme assets                                            24.5              25.9

 Contributions by employers (including associated company)                   30.0              27.5

 Contributions by plan participants                                            0.1               0.1

 Benefits paid                                                              (51.9)            (52.0)

 Return on assets (excluding amounts included in finance costs)             (12.9)             40.0

 At end of period                                                          1,020.6           1,030.8
                                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 140




23. PENSIONS (continued)
Nature of benefits, regulatory framework and               with the Company, is to invest the majority of the
other entity’s responsibilities for governance of          Scheme’s assets in a mix of equities and
the Scheme                                                 corporate and government bonds, in order to
The Scheme is a registered defined benefit                 strike a balance between:




                                                                                                                 STRATEGIC REPORT
scheme subject to the UK regulatory framework              • maximising the returns on the Scheme’s assets;
for pensions, including the scheme specific                  and
funding requirements. The Scheme is operated
under trust and as such, the Trustee of the                • minimising the risks associated with lower
Scheme is responsible for operating the Scheme               than expected returns on the Scheme’s assets.
and it has a statutory responsibility to act in            The Trustee is required to regularly review its
accordance with the Scheme’s Trust Deed and                investment strategy in light of the revised term
Rules, in the best interest of the beneficiaries of        and nature of the Scheme’s liabilities. During the
the Scheme, and UK legislation (including Trust            year, the Trustee chose to de-risk part of its
law). The Trustee has the power to set the                 equity allocation.
contributions that are paid to the Scheme.
                                                           Sensitivity to key assumptions
Risks to which the Scheme exposes the Company              The costs of a pension arrangement require
The nature of the Scheme exposes the Company               estimates regarding future experience. The
to the risk of paying unanticipated additional             financial assumptions used for FRS 101 reporting
contributions to the Scheme in times of adverse            are the responsibility of the Directors of the
experience. The most financially significant risks         Company. These assumptions reflect market
are likely to be:                                          conditions at the balance sheet date. Changes in
• members living for longer than expected;                 market conditions which result in changes in the
                                                           net discount rate (essentially the difference
• higher than expected actual inflation and                between the discount rate and the assumed rates




                                                                                                                 GOVERNANCE REPORT
  salary increase experience;                              of increases of salaries, deferred pension
• lower than expected investment returns; and              revaluation or pensions in payment), can have a
                                                           significant effect on the value of the liabilities
• the risk that movements in the value of the              reported.
  Scheme’s liabilities are not met by
  corresponding movements in the value of the              There has been no change in the methodology
  Scheme’s assets.                                         used to assess the impact of changes in
                                                           assumptions. Approximate adjustments were
Asset-liability matching strategies used by the            made to the defined benefit obligations reflecting
Scheme or the Company                                      the mean term of the liability.
The Scheme does not currently use any asset-
liability matching strategies. The Trustee’s
current investment strategy, having consulted


Impact of changes in assumptions compared with actuarial assumption for the NWPS:

Actuarial value of liabilities on 31 March 2020:




                                                                                                                 STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          £’m

 0.25% reduction in discount rate                                                                      1,155.5

 0.25% increase in inflation                                                                           1,151.4

 1 year increase in life expectancy                                                                    1,143.4


Maturity profile of the defined benefit obligation for the year ended 31 March 2020:

                                      NUMBER OF MEMBERS         LIABILITY SPLIT (%)         DURATION (YEARS)

 Active members                                    1,404                         41                        24

 Deferred members                                  1,193                         14                        21

 Pensioners                                        3,163                         45                        12
                                                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     141




24. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES                          25. ULTIMATE PARENT
The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of
                                                       UNDERTAKING AND CONTROLLING
NWGL, whose publicly available consolidated            PARTY
Financial Statements include the Company.              The Company’s immediate parent undertaking is
Accordingly, the Company is exempt under the           NWGL, which is incorporated in England
terms of FRS101 from disclosing transactions




                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                       and Wales.
with other members of the Group headed by
NWGL.                                                  The Company has been informed by the former
                                                       ultimate parent and controlling party, CKHH
Transactions with related parties outside of the       (incorporated in the Cayman Islands) that by
NWGL group comprised purchases of £13.7m               virtue of contractual arrangements entered into
(2019: £11.4m) and sales of £150.3m (2019: £158.1m).   with other parties, with effect from 30 December
As at 31 March 2020 £17.9m (2019: £26.8m) is           2019, it ceased to have a controlling interest in
owed from these companies in respect of sales or       the Company and, as required by the applicable
rebates, and £nil (2019: £0.2m) is owed to these       accounting standards, it has ceased accounting
companies in respect of purchases.                     for the Company as a subsidiary from that date.
The Company acquires vehicles from Vehicle             The results of the Company prior to 30 December
Lease and Service Limited, an associated               2019 are consolidated in the financial statements
company, on a lease basis. During the year, new        of CKHH. The Directors of the Company consider
leases of £3.3m (2019: £4.8m) were entered into        that CKHH was the ultimate parent and
and capital repayments of £3.7m (2019: £3.4m)          controlling party of the Company prior to 30
were made. The year end lease creditor was             December 2019.
£11.6m (2019: £12.0m).
                                                       The Directors of the Company consider that, with
The companies with which NWL had                       effect from 30 December 2019, NWGL has become
transactions during the year, included in the          the ultimate controlling party of the Company.
above balances, were as follows:




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
                                                       The parent undertaking of both the largest and
• Anglian Water Business (National) Limited;           smallest group of undertakings for which group
• CKI;                                                 Financial Statements are drawn up, and of which
                                                       the reporting company is a member, is NWGL.
• Eastern Power Networks;                              Copies of NWGL’s group Financial Statements will
• Hutchison Whampoa (Europe) Limited;                  be available in due course from its registered
                                                       office at Northumbria House, Abbey Road, Pity
• NGN;                                                 Me, Durham DH1 5FJ.
• NWG Business;
• UK Power Networks (Operations) Limited; and
• Vehicle Lease and Service Limited.




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 142




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S
REPORT TO THE MEMBERS
OF NORTHUMBRIAN WATER
                                                                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT
LIMITED
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OPINION                                                        The financial reporting framework that has been
In our opinion the Financial Statements of NWL:                applied in their preparation is applicable law and
                                                               United Kingdom Accounting Standards including
• give a true and fair view of the state of the                FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework” (United
  company’s affairs as at 31 March 2020 and of its             Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting
  profit for the year then ended;                              Practice).
• have been properly prepared in accordance
  with United Kingdom Generally Accepted                       BASIS FOR OPINION
  Accounting Practice including Financial
  Reporting Standard 101 “Reduced Disclosure                   We conducted our audit in accordance with
  Framework”; and                                              International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs
                                                               (UK)) and applicable law. Our responsibilities
• have been prepared in accordance with the                    under those standards are further described in




                                                                                                                           GOVERNANCE REPORT
  requirements of the Companies Act 2006.                      the auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
• We have audited the financial statements                     financial statements section of our report.
  which comprise:                                              We are independent of the company in
 • the income statement;                                       accordance with the ethical requirements that
                                                               are relevant to our audit of the financial
 • the statement of comprehensive income;                      statements in the UK, including the FRC’s Ethical
 • the balance sheet;                                          Standard, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
                                                               responsibilities in accordance with these
 • the statement of changes in equity; and
                                                               requirements.
 • the related notes 1 to 25.
                                                               We believe that the audit evidence we have
                                                               obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
                                                               basis for our opinion.


SUMMARY OF OUR AUDIT APPROACH
 KEY AUDIT          The key audit matters that we identified in the current year were:




                                                                                                                           STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 MATTERS
                    • Classification of capex, opex and capitalised overheads;
                    • Provision for bad and doubtful debts;
                    • Revenue recognition (valuation of unbilled revenue accrual);and
                    • Going concern and impact of Covid-19.
                    Within this report, key audit matters are identified as follows:     Newly identified               
                      Increased level of risk      Similar level of risk       Decreased level of risk

 MATERIALITY        The materiality that we used in the current year was £9.1m which was determined on the basis
                    of profit before tax adjusted for movements in certain derivatives charged to the income
                    statement in the year.

 SCOPING            Audit work to respond to the risks of material misstatement was performed directly by the audit
                    engagement team.

 SIGNIFICANT        Changes in our approach were limited to adding a new key audit matter in relation to the going
 CHANGES IN         concern assumption. This is due to the Covid-19 pandemic that has had a significant impact on
 OUR APPROACH       the UK and a number of countries throughout the world.
                                                                                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 143




CONCLUSIONS RELATING TO GOING CONCERN, PRINCIPAL RISKS AND
VIABILITY STATEMENT
GOING       We have reviewed the directors’ statement in note 1 to the financial        Going concern is
CONCERN     statements about whether they considered it appropriate to adopt the        the basis of




                                                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT
            going concern basis of accounting in preparing them and their               preparation of the
            identification of any material uncertainties to the company’s ability to    financial
            continue to do so over a period of at least twelve months from the          statements that
            date of approval of the financial statements.                               assumes an entity
            We considered as part of our risk assessment the nature of the              will remain in
            company, its business model and related risks including where               operation for a
            relevant the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic and Brexit, the                period of at least
            requirements of the applicable financial reporting framework and the        12 months from
            system of internal control. We evaluated the directors’ assessment of       the date of
            the company’s ability to continue as a going concern, including             approval of the
            challenging the underlying data and key assumptions used to make            financial
            the assessment, and evaluated the directors’ plans for future actions       statements.
            in relation to their going concern assessment.                              We confirm that we
            We state whether we have anything material to add or draw attention         have nothing
            to in relation to that statement that would be required by Listing Rule     material to report,
            9.8.6R(3) if the company had a premium listing and report if the            add or draw
            statement is materially inconsistent with our knowledge obtained in         attention to in
            the audit.                                                                  respect of these
                                                                                        matters.


PRINCIPAL   Based solely on reading the directors’ statements and considering           Viability means the
RISKS AND   whether they were consistent with the knowledge we obtained in the          ability of the




                                                                                                              GOVERNANCE REPORT
VIABILITY   course of the audit, including the knowledge obtained in the                company to
STATEMENT   evaluation of the directors’ assessment of the company’s ability to         continue over the
            continue as a going concern, we are required to state whether we            time horizon
            have anything material to add or draw attention to in relation to:          considered
            • the disclosures on pages 57 to 63 that describe the principal risks,      appropriate by the
              procedures to identify emerging risks, and an explanation of how          directors.
              these are being managed or mitigated;                                     We confirm that we
            • the directors’ confirmation on page 57 that they have carried out a       have nothing
              robust assessment of the principal and emerging risks facing the          material to report,
              company, including those that would threaten its business model,          add or draw
              future performance, solvency or liquidity; or                             attention to in
                                                                                        respect of these
            • the directors’ explanation on pages 102 and 103 as to how they            matters.
              have assessed the prospects of the company, over what period they
              have done so and why they consider that period to be appropriate,
              and their statement as to whether they have a reasonable
              expectation that the company will be able to continue in operation
              and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the period of their
              assessment, including any related disclosures drawing attention to
              any necessary qualifications or assumptions.




                                                                                                              STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            We also report whether the directors’ statement relating to the
            prospects of the company that would be required by Listing Rule
            9.8.6R(3) if the company had a premium listing is materially
            inconsistent with our knowledge obtained in the audit.
                                                                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 144




KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our         which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit
professional judgement, were of most                     strategy, the allocation of resources in the audit;
significance in our audit of the financial               and directing the efforts of the engagement team.
statements of the current period and include the
                                                         These matters were addressed in the context of
most significant assessed risks of material




                                                                                                                     STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                         our audit of the financial statements as a whole,
misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) that
                                                         and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
we identified. These matters included those
                                                         not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


 CLASSIFICATION OF CAPEX, OPEX AND CAPITALISED OVERHEADS

 Key audit matter         The water industry is capital intensive and pipeline assets require regular maintenance
 description              and upgrades. There is an inherent risk in the industry that costs included in property,
                          plant and equipment are not capital in nature and/or are not in line with the
                          capitalisation criteria of IAS 16.
                          Annual capital expenditure across PPE and intangibles spend was £280.4m for the
                          year ended 31 March 2020 (2019: £269.6m), together with significant spend on
                          maintenance costs.
                          The classification of expenditure on capital assets also includes the allocation of
                          overheads to capitalised amounts, which is judgemental in nature and the amount
                          capitalised as intangibles. Given the level of capital expenditure forecast by the
                          company and the prior year adjustment in relation to intangible assets being classified
                          to PPE, it is important that appropriate policies are agreed in advance and adhered to.
                          The capitalised labour costs were £43.7m for the year to 31 March 2020 (2019:
                          £41.0m).




                                                                                                                     GOVERNANCE REPORT
                          Given the value involved in fixed asset additions, there being a degree of complexity in
                          what can be capitalised and the allocation to either intangible or tangible assets, we
                          deemed this as a potential fraud risk for our audit.
                          Further details are included within the Strategic Report on page 55 and also notes 1(d),
                          9 and 10 to the financial statements.


 How the scope of our     • We obtained an understanding of management’s relevant controls over the
 audit responded to the     processing of accounting entries associated with capital and operating expenditure;
 key audit matter
                          • We reviewed the appropriateness of the Company’s capitalisation policies and its
                            approach to determining which costs should be capitalised and which expensed;
                          • We compared the actual capitalised expenditure incurred in the period with
                            regulatory targets and make enquiries of management to understand any under/over
                            spend;
                          • We performed substantive testing on both capitalised and expensed amounts to
                            assess whether these are classified in accordance with the company’s policies and
                            IAS 16;
                          • We continued to challenge and understand the levels of capitalisation by comparing




                                                                                                                     STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                            amounts capitalised by department in the current and prior years;
                          • We performed testing over the completeness of intangibles and additions to this
                            balance given the prior year error noted in 2019;
                          • We tested a sample of capitalised overheads by agreeing to timesheets and project
                            plans to assess whether capitalisation was appropriate and there is consistent
                            application of the policy year on year; and
                          • We assessed whether any there are impairment indicators or underutilised assets
                            exist which would require an impairment to be recognised.


 Key observations         The results of our procedures were satisfactory. We concluded that the classification of
                          capex, opex and capitalised overheads are appropriate.
                                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 145




PROVISION FOR BAD AND DOUBTFUL DEBTS

Key audit matter         As stated in the critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation
description              uncertainty in note 1(o) of the Annual Report, the value of the bad debt provision is
                         calculated by applying a range of percentages to debt of different ages with higher
                         percentages applied to different categories of debt depending on an assessment of the




                                                                                                                     STRATEGIC REPORT
                         level of risk of default. There is a significant customer base, and regulations do not
                         allow NWL to interrupt water supply to domestic customers. The valuation of the bad
                         debt provision is sensitive to the specific percentages applied which are judgemental.
                         At 31 March 2020 the bad debt provision was £101.8m104.4m (2019: £85.6m) and is
                         therefore a significant balance. Of this £101.8m104.4m, we note an increase of £6.5m
                         in the current year due to Covid-19 and expected bad debts as a result.
                         The provision is based on assumptions made on the forecast and historic collectability
                         of debts across both invoiced amounts and accrued revenues. There is a significant
                         customer base and regulations do not allow NWL to interrupt water supply to domestic
                         customers. The provision for bad and doubtful debts is significantly large and subject
                         to high amount of management judgement and hence we have considered this to be a
                         key audit matter.
                         Due to the complexity in calculating the provision, particularly in the current year with
                         the additional considerations around Covid-19, we deemed this as a potential fraud
                         risk for our audit.
                         Further details are included within the financial performance section of the Strategic
                         Report, note 1(o) and 13 to the financial statements.


How the scope of our     • We obtained an understanding of management’s relevant controls surrounding the
audit responded to the     estimate;




                                                                                                                     GOVERNANCE REPORT
key audit matter
                         • We compared the assumptions made by management in calculating the provision to
                           evidence provided from historical collection data;
                         • We tested any bad debt write offs and utilisation of the provision during the year;
                         • We tested the accuracy of the aged debtor balance and the ageing categories
                           applied;
                         • We assessed the reasonableness of any judgements made in respect of likely future
                           events, including the effects of Covid-19 on debt collectability;
                         • We tested a sample of credit notes raised to determine whether any were as a result
                           of an event known but not appropriately provided for;
                         • We tested a sample of bills included within the bad debt provision to assess the
                           accuracy of the provision and ageing profile;
                         • We compared current and prior year bad debt provision balances to assess
                           completeness;
                         • We challenged managements assumptions relating to amounts provided in response
                           to Covid-19, referencing external market information where appropriate;




                                                                                                                     STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                         • We performed sensitivity analysis on the provision to assess the impact of changes
                           in the cash collection rate; and
                         • We reviewed the receivables ageing report to help assess whether overdue debtors
                           are appropriately provided for.


Key observations         The results of our procedures were satisfactory. We have concluded that
                         management’s judgements are appropriate, including the additional £6.5m provision
                         made during the year for Covid-19, and that the provision for bad and doubtful debts
                         was appropriately stated.
                                                                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 146




REVENUE RECOGNITION (VALUATION OF UNBILLED REVENUE ACCRUAL)

Key audit matter         The nature of NWL’s business is such that it is not possible to read all water meters at
description              year-end. An estimate is therefore made of the unbilled revenue at the year-end. At 31
                         March 2020 this measured income accrual was £110.3m (2019: £85.8m).
                         Management estimates the amount of water and sewerage services that have been




                                                                                                                    STRATEGIC REPORT
                         supplied to customers and not billed at year end, based on historic water consumption
                         and default consumption rates. The revenue attributable to this unbilled revenue at
                         year end is accrued. The accrual is both material and judgemental and is therefore
                         considered to be a key audit matter.
                         Towards year-end management were unable to physically visit customers’ houses due
                         to the UK-wide lockdown and so fewer meter readings were taken than in a normal
                         year. The result of this has been a decrease in meter readings of 53,337 in the year,
                         taking the percentage of unread metres in the year from 13% to 40% which has
                         increased management judgement and estimation included within the balance as at 31
                         March 2020 compared to previous periods.
                         Given the value of the accrual, the quantum of data and the level of estimation involved
                         in calculating it, we deemed this as a potential fraud risk for our audit.
                         Further details are included within notes 1(b), 2 and 13 to the financial statements.


How the scope of our     • We obtained an understanding of management’s relevant controls over the unbilled
audit responded to the     revenue accrual;
key audit matter
                         • We performed substantive testing of the accrued revenue calculation and make an
                           assessment of the appropriateness of accounting estimates made by management;
                         • We re-performed management’s retrospective review on the March 2019 balance;




                                                                                                                    GOVERNANCE REPORT
                         • We reviewed the accrued revenue balance for any potential recoverability issues by
                           tracing a sample to subsequent bill and cash payment; and
                         • We performed substantive analytical procedures on the year-end balance by forming
                           an expectation compared to the prior year.



Key observations         The results of our procedures were satisfactory. We concluded that the valuation of the
                         unbilled revenue accrual is appropriate and concurred with management on the
                         judgements adopted.




                                                                                                                    STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 147




GOING CONCERN AND IMPACT OF COVID-19

Key audit matter         During the year there has been the emergence of a global pandemic of a new strain of
description              Coronavirus. The virus, and responses taken by organisations and governments to
                         manage its spread in markets to which the company is exposed have led to increased
                         volatility and economic disruption.




                                                                                                                       STRATEGIC REPORT
                         Management have ensured that the measurement of assets and liabilities reflects only the
                         conditions that existed at the reporting date and as part of their going concern review
                         have performed procedures to assess the financial and operational impacts of Covid-19,
                         including:
                         • An assessment of operational resilience of NWL, challenging internal control and
                           governance, critical business functions ensuring ongoing water supply is maintained
                           throughout the crisis;
                         • An assessment of certain key sources of estimation uncertainty and critical judgements
                           such as the bad debt provision as discussed above;
                         • Considerations of solvency and liquidity projections, including an assessment of the
                           effects on short term and long term cash flow.
                         In order to fully assess the above, management have made a number of judgements and
                         considered a range of factors. Management have also ran an extensive series of
                         sensitivity analyses, taking into account a number of outcomes and the potential
                         responses to these. Management have placed particular focus on the credit ratings and
                         regulatory gearing, as these are relevant to assessing the covenants in the group’s
                         financing arrangements.
                         From the considerations undertaken, management believes that the company continues
                         to be a going concern due to having robust plans in place to manage liquidity in the short
                         and longer term as well as the stable solvency position of the wider Northumbrian Water




                                                                                                                       GOVERNANCE REPORT
                         Group.
                         Management has made disclosures throughout the annual report and financial statements
                         to reflect the results of its assessment, in line with applicable accounting standards, the
                         company law and corporate governance code provisions. Due to the inherent
                         management judgement in the financial statement disclosures, particularly those relating
                         to going concern, and the increased level of audit effort, we considered these to be a key
                         audit matter. Further details are included in note 1a of the financial statements.


How the scope of our     • We assessed management’s projected cash flows, which include the impact of
audit responded to the     Covid-19, and have performed sensitivity anlaysis;
key audit matter
                         • We challenged management’s estimations and judgements used in the forecasting of
                           future cash flows used in the assessment of the company’s liquidity;
                         • We obtained an understanding of relevant controls implemented when forecasting cash
                           flows;
                         • We assessed the operational impact of Covid-19 on the company and have analysed
                           management’s assessment of the ability of the company to continue as a going
                           concern;




                                                                                                                       STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                         • We considered whether plans are in place to allow the company to assess whether a
                           continued supply of water to customers throughout the impact of the pandemic,
                           including any emergency repair works required;
                         • We reviewed the most recent Board minutes and regulatory correspondence to identify
                           items of interest;
                         • We evaluated management’s assessment of the impact of the significant business
                           developments, including the spread of Covid-19 and the resulting actions taken by the
                           UK Government;
                         • We evaluated management’s assessment of the impact of recent events on the
                           carrying value of the Company’s assets and liabilities including intercompany
                           receivables; and
                         • We assessed the disclosure made by management in the financial statements.

Key observations         The results of our procedures were satisactory. We concluded that the adoption of the
                         going concern basis of accounting and the disclosures related to the potential impact of
                         Covid-19 and in respect of the company’s ability to continue as a going concern are
                         appropriate.
                                                                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 148




OUR APPLICATION OF MATERIALITY
We define materiality as the magnitude of                planning the scope of our audit work and in
misstatement in the financial statements that            evaluating the results of our work.
makes it probable that the economic decisions of
                                                         Based on our professional judgement, we
a reasonably knowledgeable person would be
                                                         determined materiality for the financial
changed or influenced. We use materiality both in




                                                                                                                   STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                         statements as a whole as follows:


 MATERIALITY                  £9.1m (2019: £10.3m)


 BASIS FOR DETERMINING        5% of adjusted pre-tax profit. This was adjusted to take account of derivative
 MATERIALITY                  valuation movements charged to the income statement in the year. This has been
                              excluded due to the level of volatility of such derivative valuation movements, in
                              order to provide a consistent basis year on year. This approach is also consistent
                              with prior year.

 RATIONALE FOR THE            Adjusted pre-tax profit was selected as the appropriate measure on which to
 BENCHMARK APPLIED            determine materiality as it is considered an area of focus for the users of the
                              accounts.




                                                                                                                   GOVERNANCE REPORT
     Adjusted PBT £182.2m

     Materiality £9.1m

     Audit Committee
     reporting
     threshold £0.5m




Performance materiality                                  Error reporting threshold
We set performance materiality at a level lower          We agreed with the Audit Committee that we
than materiality to reduce the probability that, in      would report to the Committee all audit




                                                                                                                   STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
aggregate, uncorrected and undetected                    differences in excess of £0.5m (2019: £0.5m), as
misstatements exceed the materiality for the             well as differences below that threshold that, in
financial statements as a whole. Performance             our view, warranted reporting on qualitative
materiality was set at 70% of materiality for the        grounds. We also report to the Audit Committee
2020 audit (2019: 70%). In determining                   on disclosure matters that we identified when
performance materiality, we considered the low           assessing the overall presentation of the financial
number of corrected and uncorrected                      statements.
misstatements in the prior years, our cumulative
knowledge of the company and low turnover
within management or key accounting personnel
                                                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 149




AN OVERVIEW OF THE SCOPE OF                           • Audit committee reporting – the section
OUR AUDIT                                               describing the work of the audit committee does
                                                        not appropriately address matters
                                                        communicated by us to the audit committee; or
Scoping
Our audit was scoped by obtaining an                  • Directors’ statement of compliance with the UK
understanding of the entity and its environment,        Corporate Governance Code – the parts of the




                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
including internal control, and assessing the           directors’ statement that would be required if
risks of material misstatement. Audit work to           the company had a premium listing relating to
respond to the risks of material misstatement           the company’s compliance with the UK
was performed directly by the audit engagement          Corporate Governance Code containing
team.                                                   provisions specified for review by the auditor in
                                                        accordance with Listing Rule 9.8.10R(2) do not
Our consideration of the control environment            properly disclose a departure from a relevant
We involved our IT specialists to assess relevant       provision of the UK Corporate Governance Code.
controls over the company’s IT systems. As
planned and reported to the Audit Committee, we       We have nothing to report in respect of these
adopted a fully substantive testing approach in       matters.
the current and prior years.

                                                      RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS
OTHER INFORMATION
                                                      As explained more fully in the directors’
The directors are responsible for the other
information. The other information comprises          responsibilities statement, the directors are
the information included in the annual report         responsible for the preparation of the financial
other than the financial statements and our           statements and for being satisfied that they give a
auditor’s report thereon.                             true and fair view, and for such internal control as
                                                      the directors determine is necessary to enable the
Our opinion on the financial statements does not
cover the other information and, except to the        preparation of financial statements that are free




                                                                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT
extent otherwise explicitly stated in our report,     from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
we do not express any form of assurance               or error.
conclusion thereon.                                   In preparing the financial statements, the directors
In connection with our audit of the financial         are responsible for assessing the company’s
statements, our responsibility is to read the other   ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing
information and, in doing so, consider whether        as applicable, matters related to going concern
the other information is materially inconsistent      and using the going concern basis of accounting
with the financial statements or our knowledge
                                                      unless the directors either intend to liquidate the
obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated.                                 company or to cease operations, or have no
                                                      realistic alternative but to do so.
If we identify such material inconsistencies or
apparent material misstatements, we are required
to determine whether there is a material
misstatement in the financial statements or a
material misstatement of the other information.
If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of
this other information, we are required to report
that fact.




                                                                                                             STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
In this context, matters that we are specifically
required to report to you as uncorrected material
misstatements of the other information include
where we conclude that:
• Fair, balanced and understandable – the
  statement given by the directors that they
  consider the annual report and financial
  statements taken as a whole is fair, balanced
  and understandable and provides the
  information necessary for shareholders to
  assess the company’s position and
  performance, business model and strategy, is
  materially inconsistent with our knowledge
  obtained in the audit; or
                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 150




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR                        MATTERS ON WHICH WE ARE
THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL                            REQUIRED TO REPORT BY
STATEMENTS                                            EXCEPTION
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance     Adequacy of explanations received and
about whether the financial statements as a           accounting records




                                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT
whole are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an        Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to
auditor’s report that includes our opinion.           report to you if, in our opinion:
Reasonable assurance is a high level of               • we have not received all the information and
assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit         explanations we require for our audit; or
conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will
                                                      • adequate accounting records have not been
always detect a material misstatement when it
                                                        kept by the Company, or returns adequate for
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or
                                                        our audit have not been received from branches
error and are considered material if, individually
                                                        not visited by us; or
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of       • the Company Financial Statements are not in
users taken on the basis of these financial             agreement with the accounting records and
statements.                                             returns.
A further description of our responsibilities for     We have nothing to report in respect of these
the audit of the Financial Statements is located      matters.
on the FRC’s website at:
                                                      • Directors’ remuneration
www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This
description forms part of our Auditor’s Report.       Under the Companies Act 2006 we are also
                                                      required to report if in our opinion certain
                                                      disclosures of Directors’ remuneration have not
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND                             been made.




                                                                                                            GOVERNANCE REPORT
REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
                                                      We have nothing to report in respect of these
                                                      matters.
OPINIONS ON OTHER MATTERS
PRESCRIBED BY THE COMPANIES                           USE OF OUR REPORT
ACT 2006
                                                      This report is made solely to the company’s
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in       members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3
the course of the audit:                              of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit
• the information given in the Strategic Report       work has been undertaken so that we might state
  and the Directors’ Report for the financial year    to the company’s members those matters we are
  for which the Financial Statements are              required to state to them in an auditor’s report
  prepared is consistent with the Financial           and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent
  Statements; and                                     permitted by law, we do not accept or assume
                                                      responsibility to anyone other than the company
• the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report      and the company’s members as a body, for our
  have been prepared in accordance with               audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we
  applicable legal requirements.                      have formed.




                                                                                                            STATUTORY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
In the light of the knowledge and understanding
of the Company and its environment obtained in
the course of the audit, we have not identified any
material misstatements in the Strategic Report or
the Directors’ Report.




                                                      Anthony Matthews FCA (Senior statutory auditor)
                                                      for and on behalf of Deloitte LLP
                                                      Statutory Auditor
                                                      Newcastle Upon Tyne
                                                      United Kingdom
                                                      15 July 2020
Northumbrian Water Limited
Northumbria House
Abbey Road
Pity Me
Durham
DH1 5FJ
www.nwg.co.uk
